THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

11 GEO. IV. & 1 WILL. IV. 1830.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Printers.

1830.

(Price 18 s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the EIGHTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

11° GEO. IV.

1. AN Act to authorize the Transfer of certain Balances in the Hands of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales on account of Lunatic Asylum Licences. Page 1

2. An Act to apply certain Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, and from the Aids granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. 2

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Ibid.

4. An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Ibid.

5. An Act to repeal the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Removal of vagrant and poor Persons born in the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, and chargeable to Parishes in England; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. Ibid.

6. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. 3

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 4

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 45

9. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Page 78

10. An Act for the Relief of Parishes from the Expences of maintaining the Wives and Families of Men convicted under the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling, and sentenced to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service. 60

11. An Act for extending certain Provisions of an Act of the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants regarding Executions, to certain Process in use within the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge. 81

12. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford. 83

13. An Act for transferring certain Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum. 84

14. An Act for removing the Market at present held for the Sale of Hay and Straw from the Haymarket; and for establishing Markets for the Sale of Hay, Straw, and other Articles, in York Square, Clarence Gardens, and Cumberland Market, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. 97

15. An Act for relieving, in certain Cases, Vessels entering of sailing from the Port of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from the Duties leviable under Two Acts passed in the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fourth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, relating to the Northern Lighthouses. 109

16. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Leather, and the Laws relating thereto. 111

17. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and the Malt Allowance on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland. 113

18. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels. 136

19. An Act to extend the Powers of Grand Juries in the Execution of an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for establishing Fever Hospitals in Ireland. 132

20. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy. 133

21. An Act to confirm certain Leases of Lands for the Purposes of carrying on the Linen Manufacture of Ireland. 178

22. An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum. 179

23. An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint certain Persons to affix His Majesty's Royal Signature to Instruments requiring such Signature. Page 181

24. An Act to amend an Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Australian Agricultural Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in the Colony of New South Wales, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 183

25. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for procuring Returns of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors. 186

26. An Act to authorize the issuing of Exchequer Bills for the Payment of the Proprietors of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland who have signified their Dissent under an Act passed in the present Session for transferring such Annuities into Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities. Ibid.

27. An Act to make Provision for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales. 189

28. An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. 213

29. An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. Ibid.

30. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. 214

31. An Act for reducing the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in Ireland, to the same Duty as is now payable thereon in Scotland. 230

1° GUL. IV.

32. An Act to explain Two Acts of His present Majesty, for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland. 233

33. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 241

34. An Act to authorise the Advance of a certain Sum, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Completion of the Shubenaccadie Canal in Nova Scotia. Ibid.

35. An Act to continue Compositions for Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year, and to grant Relief from and alter and repeal the said Duties in certain Cases. 242

36. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso. 244

37. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof, in Cases importing a Capital Punishment. 258

38. An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Page 264

39. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies. 268

40. An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators. 272

41. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions. 27S

42. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. 276

43. An Act to abolish certain Fees and Stamp Duties chargeable on the Renewal of all Appointments, Commissions, Grants, Pensions, and Patents consequent on the Demise of the Crown. 280

44. An Act to regulate, for One Year, the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland. 282

45. An Act to subject to Duties of Customs Goods the Property of the Crown, in Case of Sale after Importation. 291

46. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments. Ibid.

47. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate. 292

48. An Act to impose an additional Duty of Customs on Spirits the Produce of the British Possessions in America. 296

49. An Act to impose additional Duties of Excise on Spirits. 297

60. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. 300

61. An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto. 302

52. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. 314

53. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec. 322

54. An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts relating to the Fisheries. 323

55. An Act to reduce the Rate of Bounties payable upon the Seizure of Slaves. 827

56. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of public and private Foundation in Ireland. 328

57. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony in Ireland. Page 329

58. An Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law. 330

59. An Act for endowing the Parish Church of Newborough in the County of Northampton, and Three Chapels, called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and also a Chapel erected on Sunk Island in the River Humber. 337

60. An Act for amending the Laws respecting Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees and Mortgagees; and for enabling Courts of Equity to give Effect to their Decrees and Orders in certain Cases. 351

61. An Act to regulate the Applotment of County Rates and Cesses in Ireland in certain Cases. 361

62. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and seven thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. 365

63. An Act to apply the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, 866

64. An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England. 372

65. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind. 387

66. An Act for reducing into One Act all such Forgeries as shall henceforth be punished with Death, and for otherwise amending the Laws relative to Forgery. 403

67. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for the Improvement of the Roads from London to Holyhead, and from London to Liverpool; and for the further Improvement of the said Roads. 418

68. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and other common Carriers for Hire, against the Loss of or Injury to Parcels or Packages delivered to them for Conveyance or Custody, the Value and Contents of which shall not be declared to them by the Owners thereof. 429

69. An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland. 433

70. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales. 445

71. An Act for correcting mistaken References to Acts of His late Majesty in Acts passed during the present Session of Parliament. 457

72. An Act to allow, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, Sugar to be delivered Out of Warehouse to be refined. Page 457

73. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Sixtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels, as relates to the Sentence of Banishment for the Second Offence; and to provide some further Remedy against the Abuse of publishing Libels. 458

74. An Act to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford. 460

75. An Act for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Insolvency of Gilbert Ricketts Esquire, formerly Registrar of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras. 462

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

11° GEO. IV.

i. AN Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Wellington District of Watting Street Road in the County of Salop. Page 465

ii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for more effectually improving the Roads to and from the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon. 466

iii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

iv. An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Thirsk in the County of York. Ibid.

v. An Act for better repairing the Second District of Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport in the County of Dorset, and for making and maintaining several Branch Roads to communicate with the same. Ibid.

vi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Horsham to the Road leading to Guilford at Aldford Cross Ways, with Two Branches therefrom, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey. 467

vii. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby. Ibid.

viii. An Act for better cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

ix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads to and from Longtown, and certain other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cumberland. Page 467

x. An Act for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the joint Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of the separate Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury in the same County. 468

xi. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Harbour of Ardglass, in the County of Down, to make Contracts for Works, and to borrow Money for the Improvement of the said Harbour. Ibid.

xii. An Act for maintaining and governing the Harbour of Axmouth, and Works connected therewith, in the Parish of Axmouth in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to amend and alter Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses, and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging and extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for extending and amending the several Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool. 469

xv. An Act for the better Paving and Sewerage of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for settling the Boundaries between the said Town and the Township of Kirkdale and Parts of the Townships of Everton and West Derby. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving Brunswick Square and Brunswick Terrace, and certain Streets and other public Places upon certain Grounds late Part of a Farm called the Wick Farm, in the Parish of Hove in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey to Ditcheling Bost Hills in the County of Sussex, and from thence to the Town of Brighthelmston in the same County; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from the Town of Ditcheling to Clayton in the County of Sussex. 470

xix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Malmesbury to Copped Hall Turnpike, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntsey Gate, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xx. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Pickford Brook in the Parish of Allesley in the County of Warwick to Canwell Gate in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the Road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith. 471

xxii. An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Chorlton Row near Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow in the County Palatine of Chester. Page 471

xxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Wool Bridge to the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset. 472

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the West End of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford and to Gringley-on-the-Hill in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for maintaining the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, by the Towns of Yarm and Stockton, and through the Town of Sedgefield, to the City of Durham. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Nantgaredig to Brechfa, and from Brechfa to the River Tivy, near Llanllooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to Llansawel, all in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

Xxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining several new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 47S

xxix. An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several Roads from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstephen, so far as relates to the Carmarthen District of Roads, and certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bolton-le-Moors to Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Two Branches of Road therefrom; and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road to or near the Village of Lower Darwen. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing 'and improving the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Booth Pits to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Road from Congleton in the County of Chester to a Branch of the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom in the Parish of Hartington in the County of Derby, and from the Lowe to the Havannah Mills in the said County of Chester. 474

xxxiii. An Act to continue an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the late Rajah of Tanjore the better to carry the same into effect. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving several Roads from Radstock to Buckland Dinham, Kilmersdon, Babington, and Hallastrow, and from Norton Down to Norton Saint Philip, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry in the County of Pembroke. 475

xxxvi. An Act for incorporating the Dundee Gas Light Company, and for the better lighting the Town of Dundee by Gas. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wootton Bassett in the County of Wilts to the Two Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. Page 475

xxxviii. An Act for maintaining the Road from Haverhill in the County of Suffolk to Redcross in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Bridge over the River Bure at Great Yarmouth to Acle (with certain Branches therefrom), all in the County of Norfolk. 476

xl. An Act for endowing a Church in the Township of Everton in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xli. An Act to raise a Fund for Provisions to Widows of the Members of the Faculty of Advocates of Scotland. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for extending the Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction of the Magistrates and the Town or Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of Glasgow over the Lands of Blythswood and adjacent Lands; and for amending the Acts relating to the Police of the said City. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Ross; and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Rights of Common within the Parish of Ross in the County of Hereford. 479

xliv. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Stafford in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving such Parts of Great Dover Street, Trinity Street, Trinity Square, and the Highways, Roads, Streets, Markets, and other public Passages and Places leading out thereof or abutting thereon or adjacent thereto, all within the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington and Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as do not fall within the Powers and 'Provisions of any existing Acts of Parliament. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for more effectually cleansing, paving, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Township of Little Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to amend several Acts for supplying the Town of Manchester with Gas, and for regulating and improving the same Town. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for more effectually improving the Harbour of Southwold in the County of Suffolk. 480

xlix. An Act for the Improvement and Preservation of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

l. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Sankey Brook Navigation in the County of Lancaster, and to make a Navigable Canal from the said Navigation at Fidler's Ferry, to communicate with the River Mersey at Widness Wharf, near Westbank, in the Township of Widness in the said County. Ibid.

li. An Act to enable the United Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere and Chester Canal to make a Reservoir, and to establish Vessels for the Conveyance of Goods from Ellesmere Port across the River Mersey; and also to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act relating to the said Canal. Page 480

lii. An Act for draining, flooding, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Othery, Middlezoy, and Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

liii. An Act for improving the Drainage of the Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and in Great Portsand in the Manor of Cropland, and for providing a Navigation between Clow's Cross and the Nene Outfall Cut. Ibid.

liv. An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River. 481

lv. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York. 507

lvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Borough of Wigan to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the Borough of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Collateral Branches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lvii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Warrington and Newton Railway to extend the Line of the said Railway; and for repealing, explaining, altering, amending, and enlarging some of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating thereto. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Soar near the West Bridge in or near the Borough of Leicester to Swannington in the County of Leicester, and Four Branches therefrom. 508

lix. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Leeds to the River Ouse within the Parish of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lx. An Act to amend an Act for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for making a Railway from the Cowley Hill Colliery in the Parish of Prescot to Runcorn Gap in the same Parish (with several Branches therefrom), all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for constructing a Wet Dock at the Termination of the said Railway at Runcorn Gap aforesaid. Ibid.

lxiii An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Lands of Polloc and Govan to the River Clyde, at the Harbour of Broomielaw, in the County of Lanark, with a Branch to communicate therefrom. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Brighton to Shoreham, for building a Bridge over the River Adur at New Shoreham, and for making a Road to Lancing, and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to make further Provisions for defraying the Expences of making the Approaches to London Bridge, and the Removal of Fleet Market. 509

lxv. An Act for amending and extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto. Page 509

xvi. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, from Dunham in the County of Nottingham to the opposite Shore in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the Hamlet of Heigham and the Parish of Saint Clement in the County of the City of Norwich. 510

lxviii. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over Stonehouse Mill Pool, at or near Stonehouse Mills, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Avon, from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset, and for making convenient Roads and Approaches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to incorporate certain Persons to be called "The Hungerford Market Company," for the Re-establishment of a Market for the Sale of Fish, Poultry, and Meat, and other Articles of general Consumption and Use, and for other Purposes.

lxxi. An Act for establishing a Market in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for the Management and Direction of the Hospital founded by Joseph Barrington and his Sons in the City of Limerick. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, and for constructing Baths therein, and supplying the same with Water from the Hot Baths in the said City. Ibid.

ixxiv. An Act to enable the London Assurance Companies and their Successors to purchase Annuities upon or for Lives, and also to lend Money or Stock upon Mortgage, for the Purpose of Investment. 512

lxxv. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Foleshill in the County of the City of Coventry. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for better assessing and recovering the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within the City of New Sarum, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for further regulating the Statute Labour and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Peebles. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, and for converting, regulating, and making effectual the Statute Labour, in the County of Inverness. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act to commute for Lands and a Corn Rent the ancient Compositions in lieu of Tithes and Glebe Lands payable to the Rector of the Parish of Barnwell Saint Andrew with Barnwell All Saints annexed, in the County of Northampton. Page 513

lxxx. An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent granted to James Hollingrake for an improved Method of manufacturing Copper or other Metal Rollers, and of casting and forming metallic Substances into various Forms, with improved Closeness and Soundness of Texture. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through Offham, to Witch Cross, from the Cliffe near Lewes, through Uckfield, to Witch Cross, and from the said Cliffs, through Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. 514

lxxxiv. An Act for altering, improving, diverting, and maintaining the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends, near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Wolton Cop within Walton in le Dale in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

ixxxvi. An Act for amending an Act of the last Session, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset; and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating with the said Roads, in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for completing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Wibsey Low Moor, near Bradford, through Brighouse to Huddersfield, with certain Diversions therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Top of Whitesheet Hill to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts. 515

lxxxix. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Roads from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, and from Uttoxeter to or near the Village of Draycott-in-the-Clay, and from Hadley Plain, on the late Forest or Chase of Needwood, to Collingwood Plain on the same late Forest or Chase. Ibid.

xc. An Act for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge to the Division Stone on Witham Common in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Temple Normanton to Buntingfeld Nook in the County of Derby, and the Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross in the said County. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Werneth to Littleborough, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Lancaster. Page 516

xciii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford to the Division Stone in South Witham in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick and Warmington, in the County of Warwick, to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads between the Towns of Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for making and maintaining a new Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the County of the said Town, to Hedon in the County of York. 517

xcvii. An Act for improving several Roads and making certain new Roads in the Counties of Devon and Somerset, leading to and from the Town of Tiverton; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from or near to the Towns of Ashburton and Totnes in the County of Devon. 518

xcix. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

c. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Cromford Bridge to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill in the County of Derby. Ibid.

ci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset. 519

cii. An Act for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and for better regulating and rendering more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and Conversion Money in lieu thereof. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Saltfleet to the Town of Horncastle, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

civ. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hand Cross, through Cowfold, to Comer House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road from Horsham to Steyning, and from Comer House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, and certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Turnpike Roads from the Wirksworth Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay to the Town of Duffield, and from the Market Place in Wirksworth to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, and from the said Market Place to the Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, all in the County of Derby. 520

cvi. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road leading from Walsall to Muckley Corner, near Lichfield, and other Roads in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Bounds of the County of Cork to the City of Waterford. Page 520

cviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, for making and maintaining certain new Roads, and for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads in the said County. 521

cix. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, the Road leading Westward therefrom through Dalmeny to Echline, and the Road from the West End of the said Town of Queensferry to the Town of Linlithgow, in the County of Linlithgow. Ibid.

cx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. 522

cxi. An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle in the County of Limerick to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville in the County of Cork. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Towns of Castle Blaney and Carrickmacross in the County of Monaghan. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Rickmersworth in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, to or near the Swan Public House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. 525

cxiv. An Act to improve the Road through the Town of Bromley in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for the further Improvement and Support of the Passage across the Frith of Forth called the Queensferry. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, watering, cleansing, repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Yeovil in the County of Somerset, and for regulating the Police thereof. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act to amend Two Acts of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Dovor, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. 524

cxviii. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Wide Streets to widen and improve certain Ways, Streets, and Passages in and about the City and County of Dublin; and to amend and extend the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the Forty-seventh and Fifty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

cxx. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the completing the Harbour of Courtown, near Brenoguehead, in the County of Wexford. Page 524

cxxi. An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth; for improving the Navigation of the River Toy to the said City; and for other Purposes therewith connected. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Lough Corrib to the Bay of Galway, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Galway. 525

cxxiii. An Act for improving the Harbour of Port Glasgow, constructing a Wet Dock or Wet Docks adjacent thereto, and for altering the Road leading from Port Glasgow to Glasgow near the said Harbour. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Borough of Macclesfield in the County of Chester with Water, and to establish the Rates payable for the same. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for amending certain Acts for making the Glasgow and Garnkirk Railway, and for raising a farther Sum of Money. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for the Improvement of the Shannon Navigation, from the City of Limerick to Killaloe, by rebuilding the Bridge called Baal's Bridge, in the said City. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the Harbour of Dartmouth, from or near to Lower Sand Quay Point to Old Rock, in the County of Devon, and for building Quays and Landing Places, and for making Roads and Approaches thereto, with Branches therefrom. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to the North End of the Bridge over that Part of the River of Kelvin called the Milnford of Garscube, and for making, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from Blackquarry Toll Bar, by Possil, to the Bridge across the River Allander at Langbank, in the Counties of Lanark and Stirling. 526

cxxix. An Act for rebuilding the Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Findhorn, for making Accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the County of Elgin. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to a Messuage or Public House in the Occupation of John Frost, near Belpar Bridge, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Beverley, by Molescroft, to Kendell House, and the Road from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York. Ibid.

1° GUL. IV.

cxxxii. An Act for prohibiting Burying and Funeral Service in a Chapel of Ease intended to be built for the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury in the County of Middlesex. 527

cxxxiii. An Act for empowering the Marquis of Bute to make and maintain a Ship Canal, commencing near the Mouth of the River Taff in the County of Glamorgan, and terminating near the Town of Cardiff, with other Works to communicate therewith. Page 527

cxxxiv. An Act for establishing and maintaining the Harbour of Port Crommelin in the Bay of Cushendun in the County of Antrim. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex; and to appoint new Commissioners; and to enable the Commissioners to raise additional Funds on the Tolls, by way of Mortgage or otherwise. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds in the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, Rolvenden, Tenterden, Wittersham, Ebony, Woodchurch, Appledore, and Stone, in the County of Kent, and Ticehurst, Salehurst, Bodiam, Ewhurst, Northiam, Beckly, Peasmarsh, Iden, and Playden, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act for amending and continuing an Act for repairing Roads in the County of Renfrew, and for altering the Line of Road between Glasgow and Kilmarnock in the said County. 528

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

11° GEO. IV.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kingston, near Lewes, and Iford, in the County of Sussex. Page 529

2. An Act for inclosing the Forest of Roach otherwise Roche otherwise Neroach otherwise Neroche, in the Parishes of Broadway, Bickenhall, Beercrocombe, Ilton, Barrington, Ashill, Ilminster, Whitelackington, Curland, Donyatt, Isle-Abbotts, Hatch-Beauchamp, and the Tithing of Domett in the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary, or some or one of them, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moss and other Grounds in the Manors and Townships of Out Rawcliffe and Middle Rawcliffe, and Stalmine with Stainall, in the Parishes of Saint Michael-upon-Wyer and Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands and extinguishing Tithes in the Parish of Haddenham in the County of Buckingham. Page 530

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wistow in the County of Huntingdon; and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parish. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Arle and Arlestone otherwise Allstone in the Parish of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Tithings. 581

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanley Saint Leonard's otherwise Leonard Stanley and Eastington, or one of them, in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Parish of Stanley Saint Leonard's otherwise Leonard Stanley. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Caxton in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

9. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands within the Parishes of Weston Zoyland and Middlezoy in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Whaddon, including the Hamlet of Nash, in the County of Buckingham. 532

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and for exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Township or Hamlet of Deddithorpe otherwise Derrythorpe in the Parish of Althorpe in the Isle of Axholme in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Blacktoft, Gilberdike, and Faxfleet, in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, and in the Parishes of Eastrington and South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Strickland and Thrimby in the Parish of Morland in the County of Westmorland. 533

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Standon in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes of Kidwelly, Saint Mary in Kidwelly, Saint Ishmael, and Pembrey, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Monks Risborough in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingsbury Episcopi in the County of Somerset. 534

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Addington in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

20. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates devised by the Will of John Williams Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in Trust to carry into execution a Contract entered into for Sale thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

21. An Act to vest a Part of the entailed Estate of Dunure and others, in the County of Ayr, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of disposing of or applying the Lands so vested, or the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said entailed Estate. Page 534

22. An Act for enabling the Bishop of London to grant Building Leases of certain Estates belonging to the said See. Ibid.

23. An Act for vesting the legal Estate in certain Estates late of Ann Budgen, formerly vested in Elizabeth Pedder deceased, in Mortgage in Edward Rawlings, the present Mortgagee and Trustee of the Equity of Redemption thereof. Ibid.

24. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Marriage Settlement of Bouchier Marshall Clerk, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, also deceased, to effect a Sale of the Advowson of the Church of Bow otherwise Nymet Tracey in the County of Devon. 535

25. An Act to enable the Wardens and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of Sir Roger Cholmeley Knight, in Highgate, to pull down their present Chapel, and to contribute towards the Erection of a new Chapel or Church in Highgate; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

26. An Act for the Resettlement of certain Interests in the Trust Estate of William Browne deceased, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

27. An Act for selling the entailed Lands and Estates of Gordonstown and others, in the County of Elgin and Forres, belonging to Sir William Gordon Gordon Cumming Baronet, or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates. Ibid.

28. An Act to enable Sir William Purves Hume Campbell of Marchmont, Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail of the Lands and Barony of Greenlaw in the County of Berwick, to grant Feus of Parts of the said Lands and Barony. Ibid.

29. An Act for exchanging a Fee Simple Estate belonging to Edward Dyke Poore Esquire, situate at Ablington in the County of Wilts, for an Estate under Settlement, devised by the Will of the late Edward Poore Esquire, situate at North Tidworth in the same County; and for authorizing the Investment of a Sum of Money in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses. Ibid.

30. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Lincoln devised by the Will of Mary Hutton deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. 536

31. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of the Most Honourable George Augustus Francis Rawdon Hastings Marquis of Hastings, situate in Scotland, in the said Marquis in Fee. Ibid.

32. An Act for confirming a Partition made by George Marmaduke Alington and Samuel Rowe Esquires of Estates in the County of Lincoln, devised in undivided Moieties by the respective Wills of Sarah Rowe apd Elizabeth Rowe deceased. Ibid.

33. An Act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Freehold and Leasehold Estates in the Parishes of Merthyr Maur, Saint Brides Major, and Coitee, in the County of Glamorgan, the Estate of Richard Franklen Esquire, to the Right Honourable Sir John Nicholl Knight; and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold. Page 536

34. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by and settled to the Uses of the Wills of James Gordon Esquire, and of his Son James Gordon Esquire, both deceased, situate in the Counties of Hertford and Somerset, and in the Island of Antigua in the West Indies, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

35. An Act for empowering George William Duke of Argyll and his Trustee to borrow a Sum of Money, and to make it a Charge on the Estate of Argyll, upon certain Conditions. Ibid.

36. An Act for authorizing Leases to be granted of such of the Estates in the County or Cornwall as were devised by the Will of Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, deceased, to Christopher Henry Thomas Hawkins, an Infant, during his Life. 537

37. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building and other Leases of Freehold Ground and Hereditaments late the Property of Dame Mary Evelyn, deceased, in the Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

38. An Act for renewing, granting, and confirming certain Powers and Authorities to Sir Peter Pole Baronet, given or limited by the Will of Sir Charles Pole Baronet, deceased, and an Indenture of Release affecting his Estates in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

39. An Act for exchanging the Estates in the County of Northampton, of which the Most Noble Walter Francis Douglas Montagu Duke of Buccleuch and Queensberry is Tenant in Tail, under the Will of the Most Noble John late Duke of Montagu, deceased, for some of his Settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and York, of which he is Tenant for Life under the Will of the Most Noble Elizabeth late Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry, deceased. Ibid.

1° GUL. IV.

40. An Act for vesting an Estate at Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, devised and settled by the Will of Moses Benson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

41. An Act for vesting Estates, of which Gifford Warriner Esquire, a Lunatic, is Tenant in Tail, in Trustees, for Sale, and also for effecting a Partition of certain Parts thereof, and for granting Leases. Ibid.

42. An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Cremorne, an Infant, to carry into effect a Contract entered into for the Purchase of Rockcorry Castle and adjoining Lands in the County of Monaghan in Ireland. 538

43. An Act to authorize the granting or Mining and Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates subject to the Trusts of the Will of Benjamin Hall Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

44. An Act to authorize the granting of Leases of Lands Parcel of the Prebend of Stoke Newton or Newnton, otherwise Newington, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London; and for empowering the Prebendary of the said Prebend and the Rector of the Rectory or Parsonage of Stoke Newington respectively to grant Building Leases; and for other Purposes. Page 538

45. An Act to enable John Buckle Esquire, or other Committee of the Estate of William Buckle, a Lunatic, for and in the Name and on Behalf of the said William Buckle, to consent to the Exercise of a Power of Sale over Estates settled on the said William Buckle for his Life, and which Power is exercisable with the Consent of the said William Buckle. Ibid.

46. An Act to enable the Devisees under the last Will and Testament of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Mount-Sandford, deceased, to make Leases of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lately in the Possession of the said Henry Lord Mount-Sandford, and devised by his said Will; and also to enable the said Devisees to execute a Conveyance to the Rector of Kilkevan of a certain Piece of Ground situate in the Parish of Kilkevan and County of Roscommon. Ibid.

47. An Act for establishing and carrying into execution the Trusts created by the last Will and Testament of John Gwyn, late of the City of Londonderry, Merchant, deceased; and for incorporating the Trustees therein named; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

48. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for the better Regulation of Roan's Charity there. 539

49. An Act to amend an Act of King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham in the Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

50. An Act to effect an Exchange of Part of the Estates in the County of Durham devised by the Will and Codicil of William Russell Esquire, deceased, for Part of the Estates comprised in the Settlement made in pursuance of the Articles upon the Marriage of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquess of Londonderry with the Most Honourable Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

11° GEO. IV.

51. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Edward Baron Ellenborough with the Right Honourable Jane Elizabeth Baroness Ellenborough his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Fructuozo.

53. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Salisbury Muskett Esquire with Mary Muskett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset.

[Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, §46. General Saving Clause, §47.]

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hadley D'Oyly Esquire with Charlotte his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

56. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Wallis Esquire with Charlotte Augusta Amelia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

57. An Act for naturalizing Philip Augustus De Chapeaurouge.

58. An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership Company known by the Name of The Welsh Iron and Coal Mining Company; and for enabling the Directors and Trustees thereof to dispose of the Estate and Effects of the Concern, and divide the Surplus, after Payment of Debts and Expences, amongst the Shareholders of the Capital Stock therein; and for other Purposes.

[General Saving Clause, §23.]

59. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Peter Shakerley Esquire, of the Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey, with Laure Angelique Rosalbe Shakerley his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Meadows Hamerton Esquire with Isabella Frances his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

61. An Act for naturalizing Francis Joseph Humbert.

1° GUL. IV.

62. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boydell with Jane Boydell Boydell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

63. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Captain Edward St. John Mildmay with Marianne Catherine his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Bayley Esquire with Louisa his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

65. An Act for naturalizing George Smith.

66. An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Smith.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII IV. Britanniapim Regis, Undecimo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1826, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith: and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth Day of February 1830, being the Fourth Session of the Eighth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to authorize the Transfer of certain Balances in the Hands of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales on account of Lunatic Asylums Licences.

[4th March 1830.]

[14 G. 3. c. 49.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties in England and Wales were authorized to receive certain Fees for the granting of Licences to the Keepers of Lunatic Asylums; And whereas no Provision is made for the Appropriation of the Balances of the said Fees, after the Payment of the Expences directed by the said Act to be defrayed out of the said Fees: And whereas considerable Sums arising from the said Balances are now in the Possession of the Clerks of the Peace for several Counties of England and Wales:

[9 G. 4. c. 41.]

And whereas the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty has since been repealed, and other Provisions made for the licensing and visiting Lunatic Asylums: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Justices at Sessions to direct Balance of Fees received for granting Licences to be paid to the Treasurer of the County.]

That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales, at any General Quarter or Annual Sessions of the Peace assembled, shall and may direct any Balance remaining from the Fees received under the said Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty, over and above the Expences directed to be defrayed by the said Act, to be paid over to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the respective Counties, and to be applied in aid of the Rates of the said Counties.

2 C. 1 — 5. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

[Definition of Terms.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Word "County" shall be deemed to include any County, Riding, Division of the County of Lincoln, Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate; and that the Word "Treasurer" shall include any Officer of any such Place as aforesaid who has the Custody of any Funds assessed upon or raised in such Place in the Nature of County Rates, and applicable to the Purposes to which County Rates are applicable.

CAP. II.

An Act to apply certain Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, and from the Aids granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[4th March 1830.]

"There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1830, 4,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund, and 2,500,000l. remaining in the Exchequer to complete the Aids granted in 1829. §1. The Treasury may cause 4,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in Manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §2. The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. §3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3½d. per Cent. per Diem, §4. and to be placed as so much Cash in the Exchequer, §5. and may be applied by the Treasury. §6. Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund. §7. Bank of England may advance 4,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — §8."

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[19th March 1830.]

CAP. IV.

An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[19th March 1830.]

"There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1830, any Sums paid into the Exchequer in respect of Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works; and any Balance paid in by the Bank of England pursuant to 56 G. 3. c. 97.; 60,000l. to be paid by the East India Company; and 80,528l. 17s. 4d. from Surpluses of Ways and Means."

CAP. V.

An Act to repeal the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Removal of vagrant and poor Persons born in the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, and chargeable to Parishes in England; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[19th March 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relative to the Removal of vagrant and poor Persons born in the Isles of

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 5, 6.

Jersey and Guernsey, and chargeable to Parishes in England; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Repeal in part

That so much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An of 17 Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues c, 5' and Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, as relates to passing Vagrants to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey; and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, as 59 G.3. c. 12. relates to the Removal of poor Persons born in Jersey and Guernsey, who have become chargeable to Parishes in England; and also to so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to the Removal of poor Persons born in the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, and being chargeable to Parishes in England, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two p0Wer to re-Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required, upon the move Charge-Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of jble Poor bom any Parish, that any Person born in either of the Isles of Jersey or *ene7 °* Guernsey hath become chargeable to such Parish, by himself or herself, or his or her Family, to cause such Person to be brought complaining before them, and to examine such Person, and any other Witness Pariah, or Witnesses, on Oath, touching the Place of the Birth or last legal Settlement of every such Person, and to inquire whether he or she, or any of his or her Children, hath or have gained any Settlement in that Part of the United Kingdom called England $ and if it shall be found by such Justices that the Person so brought -before them was born in either of the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey, and hath not gained any Settlement in England, and that he or she hath actually become chargeable to the complaining Parish, by himself or herself, or his or her Family, then such Justices shall and they are hereby empowered, by an Order of Removal under their Hands and Seals, to cause such poor Person, his Wife, and such of his or her Children so chargeable, as shall not have gained a Settlement in England, to be removed, by and at the Charge and Expence of the complaining Parish, to the Place of his or her Birth.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[23d March 1830.]

[This Act is the same (except as to Bates) as 10 G. 4. c. 2.]

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1830.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation

Number of the 1 of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number

Forces. of such Forces should consist of Eighty-eight thousand eight hundred and forty-eight Men, exclusive of the Officers and Men

belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, but including the Officers and

Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb,

or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within

this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite,

for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service,

be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than

the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Crimes punish- same, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in able by Death. Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever;

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

soever; or shall treat, or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty 8 Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when Application is made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any Prosecution in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London; provided that no Person, being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crime, Violence, or Offence, by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be punished by a Court Martial for the same otherwise than by cashiering.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever (except an Apprentice) enlisted into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by reason of the Warrant of any Justice, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Soldier shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff, or some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier, or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier without Fee, he being shewn to be duly enlisted, and to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

Soldiers not to be taken away from the Service for Debts under SOL

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

9 C. 7.

The King may moke Artklea of War in conformity with thi# Act.

Constitution of Courts-Martial.

Composition

>f Goniffil

irtial.

the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Coats which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Place of Residence before such Listing, may file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, and proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and have Execution other than and against the Body *

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the King's Printer, shall, as soon as conveniently may. be after the same shall have been made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majesty's Secretary at War, signed with his own Hand and Name, to the Judge of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall be subject by such Articles of War to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act, nor in any Manner or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That His Majesty may from time to time grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and that for bringing Offenders against the Articles of War to Justice, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to erect and constitute Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as to grant His Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chiefs or commanding for the Time being, any Body of His Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and British Isles, as in any of His Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, for convening as well as for authorizing any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts-martial by virtue of this Act, may be tried and punished for the same in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda, Africa, and Neta-

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & I. GUI^IV,

C. 7J Ti

South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Company, shall, in order to have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass Sentence of Death or Transportation on any Offender, consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, in which Sentence of Death Nine at the least of the Officers of any Court consisting of Thirteen shall concur; and if to try any Person not of the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, shall consist of not less than Nine; and such General Courts-martial convened in Bermuda, or out of the King's Dominions, excepting Africa and New South Wales, shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases where such General Courts-martial as aforesaid shall consist of more or fewer Officers than Thirteen, no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

VII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial may Power* of seateoee any Soldier to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, mid General wkh or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Courto-msrtisL Place which the Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, and Neglect of Duty; and a General Court-martial may, in addition to any such Punishment as aforesaid, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge; and whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and convicted of any '

Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which His Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps* which His Majesty shall please to direct; and the Court may, in addition to any other Punishment, sentence such Offender to forfeit all Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension on Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Offender; provided that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if any Person transported as a Felon, whether in pursuance of the original Sentence of the Court-martial, or in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards return or be found at large, without Leave from His Majesty or other lawful Authority, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad or at Home, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Trial by General Court-martial for

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

limited by such Sentence or Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, snail suffer Death as a Felon.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to His Majesty's Forces or for His Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to His Majesty, and may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in His Majesty's Colonies where a Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, Africa, and New South Wales, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and may sentence any Soldier to any Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any Public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Soldier to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Soldier, at the Instance of such Soldier, with Intent to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for the Service:

In tampering with his Eyes:

In malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital whilst under Medical Care, or other gross Violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully protracting his Cure:

In purloining or selling Government Stores:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess:

In producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns:

In embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

a

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a-cruel, indecent, unnatural, felonious, or fraudulent Nature:

And if any Soldier shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising out of his Misconduct; and every Soldier convicted of Desertion by a District or Garrison Court-martial shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award; and any such Court shall deprive a Soldier, if convicted of the Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer, or of additional Pay, or of such Portion of his daily Pay, for any Period not exceeding Two Years, as may accord with His Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the foregoing Cases the Sentences of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial, other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening such Court-martial; provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

X. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination, or any Offences committed on the Line of March, the Offence may be tried by a Regimental Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court is competent to award; and a Regimental Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and to solitary Confinement not exceeding Twenty Days.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall* be lawful for any Court-martial, empowered to try the Crime of Desertion, in addition to any other Punishment, to direct that the Offender be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.), such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any distinct Detachment or Portion of His Majesty's Troops which may at any Time be serving out of His Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries, by any Person serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the

Regimental

Court-martial.

Marking a Deserter.

Powers of a

Detachment.

Court-martial.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

I© C. 7J

the Purpose of trying any such Person, notwithstanding atoy such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining. Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial; provided that no Sen* tence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same.

Officen u n

XIII. And be it enacted, That in certain Cases where it may J be necessary or expedient. Officers of His Majesty's Marine Forces may sit upon Courts-martial in conjunction with Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and such Courts-martial shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if they were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Orders such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and Officers in the Service of the East India Company, when serving together, may be associated in Courts-martial, which shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be regulated in like Manner as if consisting wholly of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or wholly of Officers in the Service of the East India Company; save and except that on the Trial of any Person in His Majesty's Service, the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable; and on the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer in the actual Service of the said Company may have a Commission from His Majesty. Power to ad-

XIV. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts-

minister Oaths, martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court, in any Matter relating to any Proceedings before the same.

Proceedings of

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts-Couru-martial, martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member shall administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as- such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had. upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock, in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

11

C. 7«

which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon: Provided also that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend in a Trial in any Proceeding in that Court.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once; and no Witness shall be examined nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on such Revision.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, or the President of any District or Garrison Court-martial, is required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and the Person tried by such Court, or 8ny Person in his Behalf, shall be entitled, on demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in His Majesty's Dominions: Provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

Appeal.

Report of Proceedings of General Courts-martial.

12

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

C-7.

Transportation from the United Kingdom.

Transportation from the Colonies.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever it ia intended that a Person convicted of Desertion shall be transported, either in pursuance of the original Sentence of a Court-martial or of His Majesty's gracious Order of Commutation as aforesaid, the Sen* tence of the Court-martial, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in* Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary at War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do. all such other Acts consequent upon the same as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of other Offenders; and the Persons in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of the same, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made, every Act now in force touching the Escape of Felons shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape of any such Offender; and the Justice or Baron who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or in His Majesty's Behalf, shewing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person convicted of Desertion is to be transported from the East Indies, or from any Part of His MajestyYForeign Dominions, either in pursuance of the original Sentence of a Court-martial or on Commutation of Capital Punishment, a similar Notification shall be made by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of His Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in such Manner and to or in such Place as shall be specified in any Directions given to such Chief Justice or Judge, in relation to any such Offender, by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the necessary Proceedings shall be taken, according to such Order, for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and all Acts in force in such Place touching other Offenders to be transported shall in all respects apply as well to the Offender himself so to be transported as to all other Persons whatsoever therein concerned.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act, and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same; provided that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and if such Person shall be claimed as a Deserter by the Corps to which he originally belonged, and be tried as a Deserter therefrom, or shall be tried as a Deserter from any other Corps into which he may have enlisted, or if he shall be tried while actually serving in some Corps for Desertion from any other Corps, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he shall be under Trial, as well* as every previous Conviction for any other Offence, may be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of the Crime for which he shall be under Trial; and in like Manner, upon the Trial of any Soldier for any Offence whatever, any previous Convictions may be given in Evidence against him; provided that no such Evidence shall be received in any Case until after the Court shall have found the Person guilty, and then only for the Purpose of affixing Punishment; and provided that in all Cases previous Notice shall have been given

Offences against former Mutiny Acts may be tried under this Act.

Subsequent Enlistment no Protection from Punishment for Desertion.

a *

Apprehension of Deserters.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

C. 7. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

to the Offender of the Intention to produce such Evidence upon his Trial.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Soldier, and ought to be with the Corps to which he belongs, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison in such Place, or if there be no public Prison in such Place, then, at the Discretion of such Justice of the Peace, to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, or to the Provost Marshal, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the -Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, or, if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War or Chief Secretary in Ireland, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sura, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice, or his Clerk, in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces or the embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; and if the Person 60 confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of His Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter; and if the Person so confessing himself a Deserter shall be unfit for Service, he shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences, and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as aSoldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence and obtaining Money.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7. 15

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person wb'o shall in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, directly or indirectly, persuade any Soldier to desert, shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which the Conviction may take place shall adjudge; and every Person who shall assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, in deserting or in concealing himself, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Commissioned Officer who shall, without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler and Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction in every Part of His Majesty's Dominions shall, upon the Order in Writing of any Commanding Officer of a District, Garrison, Regiment, or Corps (as the Case may be), receive into his Custody any Soldier under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, and keep him in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without hard Labour, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged, or shall, although the Period for which the Soldier was originally committed may not have expired, deliver him up to any Person producing an Order in Writing to that Effect from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction in every Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier with Fuel and other Necessaries, according to the Regulations of the Prison to which he shall be committed, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diemt which the Secretary at War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Prison or House of Correction is defrayed; and such Gaoler is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and such Gaoler shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by His Majesty's Regulations.

Penalty for inducing or assisting to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Custody of Offenders under a Military Sentence.

Custody of Desertcn.

16

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Notice of Expiration of Imprisonment *

Persons subject to this Act.

Foreign Troops in this Country.

Militia and Yeomanry.

Limitations atto certain Islands.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Forces of the East India Company, while they shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and until their Arrival in the Territories of the East India Company, and to the Officers and Persons now or hereafter serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and Master Gunners and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and in the Regiment of Royal Engineers, and in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, in the Ordnance and in the Commissariat Departments, and who are or shall be serving with any Part of His Majesty's Forces, at Home or Abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from His Majesty; and all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of His Majesty's Ordnance Establishments at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Officers, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from His Majesty, shall be liable to Martial Law in like Manner as His Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billetting Soldiers, shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise be construed to extend to any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland^ excepting only in such Case wherein by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions

therein

A.R 1830. 11° GEO. IV.& 1°GUL.IV.

C. 7.

17

therein for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or Regimental Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall Enlisting and receive Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Re- *e*ri?g of cruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Becru, t>* or an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down, in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's * Land Service, he shall within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record, or shall cause to be recorded, in Writing, his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read over, in his own Presence, to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as Dissent and aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Relief from Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and Enlistment, returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period

18

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & l° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit, declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, ttpon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice, before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that account to be proceeded against as having deserted from His Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

or, if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, in order that, in the Event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and baring absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned therein, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as His Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any thing in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices before whom such Recruit shall be brought, and who shall be proved, upon Oath before them, to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity upon being attested, or to have designedly made any false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment; as by any Law now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act, intituled An Act for consolidating and 7 & 8 G.4. mending the Lotos in England relative to Larceny and other c-29.

Offences connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative 9 G. 4. c. 55. to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his being attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the 6ame; and any Man who having been enrolled to serve in the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be at-

20

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Penalty on Officers offending against Laws regarding Enlistment.

Enlistment and

Re-enlistment

abroad.

Enlistment of Negroes.

tested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War, or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted; provided that every such Person shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Military Officer, who shall act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for His Majesty's Service, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, which is hereby authorized to administer such Oath, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in his Majesty's Service.

XXXVII. And whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for the enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re-enlisting, and others desirous of enlisting, abroad; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person duly appointed by His Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into His Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation: and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or be disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station, to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps; and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Negroes purchased by or on account of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7. 21

serving in any of His Majesty's Forces, shall be deemed and taken to be free in every respect as if bom free in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, and shall be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily enlisted in His Majesty's Service; provided that nothing contained in this Act as to enlisting for limited Periods, of Service, or in any other Act as to any Rules or Regulations for granting Pensions or Allowances to Soldiers discharged after certain Periods of Service, shall extend to any Negroes so purchased.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according to the Terms of the Enlistment; and if on the Expiration of nis Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having such taken Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and unless such. Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Ace of Fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior, to the Period of Enlistment; and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid; and any such Master, who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice, shall be entitled to receive, to his own U6e, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried, and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture, to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Session immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment; provided that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to nis Master.

XLII. And be it enacted, That Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majesty's Service Twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Soldier shall be absent from such Musters, unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough and every Person who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicate thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7. 23

or in His Majesty's Service; and if the Person giving such untrue Certificate shall not have any Military Commission, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Informer, if he belong to His Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That Forty-eight Hours' Notice shall be given to Six Justices, not being Officers of the Army residing within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Borough of Southwark, of the Muster to be taken of His Majesty's Forces quartered within the said City and Liberties and Borough; and no Officer shall proceed to take such Musters, under Penalty of Fifty Pounds, except in the Presence of Two or more Justices, who shall take cognizance of such Muster, and sign the same, unless such Justices shall neglect to attend, of which Neglect, as well as of the proper Notice being given to such Justices, Oath shall be made, within Forty-eight Hours after such Muster, before any Justice; and the Officer appointed to take the Half-yearly Musters of any of His Majesty's Forces, at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, shall close the Muster Rolls within Twenty-four Hours after the said Muster has been made, and send a Copy thereof, within Seven Days, to the Secretary at War.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay during any unauthorized Absence from Duty in His Majesty's Service, or during any Absence from Duty upon a Charge of any Offence, Civil or Military, or when in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court, or by reason of any Arrest for Debt, or as a Prisoner of War; provided that any Non-commissioned Officer, or any Soldier, acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, shall, upon Return to his Duty in his Corps, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay growing due during his Absence or Confinement; and upon rejoining His Majesty's Service from being a Prisoner of War, due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner without wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any Manner aided the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the Whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof; and no Soldier who shall have been confined under any legal Sentence shall be allowed to reckon towards Pay or Pension any Part of the Period from the Day of his first Commitment to the Day of rejoining hia Corps; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of his Confinement, whether before or after Conviction, or to issue any Part of the Pay of a Prisoner of War which he may think proper.

Musters in end near Westminster.

Forfeiture of Pay.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

24

Furlough Fay.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Commissaries to attest their Accounts.

Issue of Pay of the Army.

C. 7.

XLV. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank, not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to the Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expence, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at Home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning fVom any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice, and, if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That no Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in his Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be required) by His Majesty's Regulations, or by His Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay, who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeable to the several Regulations established by His Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demands it, shall be discharged from any

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

further Service; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty; or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until His Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

XLIX. And for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules Penalty for and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds appli* Disobedience cable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular b7 Agent. Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Corps, be it enacted, That the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of'any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Array Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter; or, if he shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

L. And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year How and where of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the Troops may be People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with hilletted.

the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirty *

first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting 4 a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whomsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place,

quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever,

without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Beggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of,

any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should,

at any Time thereafter, be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town in order to be transported,

or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

26

Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army ' should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to

another: But forasmuch as at this Time and during the Continuance of this Act there is and may be Occasion for the ' marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ' Ireland; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Cavalry as specially provided); and that they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billetted, and be furnished with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates hereinafter provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billetted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billetted in pursuance of this Act, the Men and their Horses shall be billetted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in such Case each Man shall be billetted as near his Horse as possible; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a jList and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs, when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present, and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billetted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billetted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose jurisdiction such Soldiers

are

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

27

are billetted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billetted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of His Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses aforesaid shall be billetted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, and upon Complaint made by the Person having no Stables to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Horses shall be so billetted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, to be billetted upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billetted upon them, and to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billetted in any Place with another Man or Horse billetted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billetting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LL. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billetted within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex, (except the City of London,) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billetting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively> make and deliver to the Justices

then

Billetting the Guards in and near Westminster.

I

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

28

Military Officer not to act as a Justice in billetting.

Allowance to Innkeepen.

then in open Session assembled upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billetted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from time to time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twtf-pence a Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at least One hundred and fifty Words.

LII. And be it enacted, That no Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billetting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, but that all Warrants, Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billetted in England shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any interme^ diate Place upon the March, and for the Day of Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billetted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldier with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and of the necessary Utensil for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Inn-nolder or any other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be billetted in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Horses billetted by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from time to time, the same to be regulated by the Average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland, and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are billetted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon

whom

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

29

whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any Officer as aforesaid shall not pay the same, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Session for the County or City where such Quarters were situated, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billetted and' sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billetting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and High Constables, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in \England and Ireland who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billetting; and all Provisions for billetting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billetting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary; provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billetted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being*Vintners of the City of London, admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Pitrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such

Taverns

Definition of Terms.

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

C. 7.

Supply of Carriages.

Rates to be paid, and Mode of 'oceeding.

Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LV. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in England and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, if in England, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order to such Justices by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troops shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any Special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen,

or

A.D. 1830.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7

31

or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel. Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and such further Rates may be added, not exceeding, in England, a total Addition per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions, (and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed- by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof; ) and in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand, in the Warrant, the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher; provided that the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down in hand the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; provided that no Carnage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; snd the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage^ the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law m Force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen

Hundred

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Hundred Weight at the least; provided that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained.

Supply of

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His

m Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland,

Emergency. by His or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His Majesty or Lord Lieu tenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person, and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or Navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the Providing and Payment, according to the Rate of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient, then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for the Carriage and Vessels aforesaid, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 7.

S3

the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportionable Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Can and Drays, and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army, on any Pretence whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LX. And be it enacted, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses; and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, when conveying Persons or Baggage, under the Provisions of this Act, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roadfs or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto.

LXI. And be it enacted, That when any Soldiers on Service have occasion in their March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier, or shall quarter any

Carriages at Dublin.

Routes in Ireland.

Tolls.

Ferries.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

C. 7.

1 i° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, of Vessels, shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered on him, shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by any Act in force in that respect, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in His Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Justice to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

35

such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in case of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every Offence any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall unlawfully have in his or her Possession or Keeping, or who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks, provided under Barrack Regulations, or any Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods.

LXV. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company (as the Case may be), shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negociate or act as Agent for and in relation to me Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in Respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

Penalty on unlawful Recruiting.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

C. 7.

Penalty on killing Game.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Wages of a Servant enlisting.

is not allowed to be sold, or Treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXVII. And for the better Preservation of Game and Fish in 1 or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be

quartered/ be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Forces, residing in Barracks, or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billet ted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billetted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every. Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary at War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received His Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed His Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master, to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and, in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same with-

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

in Four Days, shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That when any Persons shall hold any Canteens under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to the Time of Year, or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Action which shall be brought against any Person for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Tssue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendants Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others, and of another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders ', for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, 'that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and

37

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Forms of Actions at Law.

Recovery of Penalties.

88

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Appropriation of Penalties.

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Duration of the Act.

applied in Scotland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully, to all Intents, as if the stud recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of His Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and For* feitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the Whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Oaths which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person taking a false Oath in any Case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day oi April One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive) to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and shall be and continue in force

within

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 7.

39

within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa* from the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive, to the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty inclusive, to the Erst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two: Provided that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORM of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

I do swear. That I will duly administer Jus-

dee, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of ray Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court unto it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any Particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due. Course of Law. So help me GOD.

QUESTIONS to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

Enlisting for unlimited Service.

1. What is your Name ?

Iu what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

Alteration of the Act.

7. Are

40

C. 7.

] 1° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for oroinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of until you shall be legally discharged ?

9. On what Day and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Do you now belong to the Militia?

12. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy ?

13. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy ?

Note.__The Justice is directed, in putting the 11th Question to the Recruit,

and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, be is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Enlisting for limited Service.

The preceding Question to be put by the Justice, except Question 8, which is to be as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Period of [this

Blank to be filed up by the Justice with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Year for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under the Age of Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven9 Ten, or Twelve Years, as the Case may be, '] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require your Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty, such additional Period, in the latter Case, to determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the Case may be,] Years ?

Enlisting for either His Majesty's or the East India Company*s Service.

Question 8 is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in His Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order, until you shall be duly and legally discharged ?

41

C. 7.

Enlisting for the East India Companys Service.

Question 8 to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, until you shall be legally discharged? [Or if the Recruit enlists for limited Service then insert, for the Period of Twelve Years, [if the Person enlisting is of the Age of Eighteen Years or up-%cards, but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference be-. tween his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Years, as the Case may be, and such Period to be inserted instead of Twelve Years,] provided the said United Company should so long require your Service ?

OATH to be taken by a Recruit enlisting for unlimited or limited Service.

t do make Oath, That the above Questions have

been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand

__________Signature of Recruit.

Witness present.

Sworn before me at this Day of 1 One thousand eight hundred and J

Signature of the Justice __________

If enlisting for either His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, the following Addition is to be made to the foregoing Oath.

And that if His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear, that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

If enlisting for the East India Company's Service, the following is to be added to the Oath.

And that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

42

C. 7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

CERTIFICATE to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark.

1 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit j of do hereby certify, That the above is the

Description of the Recruit; and in my Presence all

the foregoing Questions were put to the said; that

the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; and that I have given

him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with ray Name.

__________Signature of the Justice.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a,

and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in

the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the Day of abscond and quit my Service without

my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand

at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of 1

One thousand eight hundred and J

FORM of Justice's Certificate, to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. j Peace of certify, That

of came before me at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and, and made

Oath that he was by Trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the, Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about

the Day of abscond and quit the Service

of the said without his Consent, and that to the best

of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

C. 7.

43

FORM of Oath of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied

any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, according to the

Sworn before me by the within-named this Day of

Justice of the Peace for the or Commander in Chief or et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera

las the Case may oe].

uuiy or my uipce.

Co

bounty of,

Second tn Command.

DESCRIPTION Return of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of Desertion, & from whence. Name, Occupa- 1 Particulars of the tion, and Address {Evidence upon of the Person by {which the Pri- Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that be is a Deserter.

Feet Inches. Hair. Eyes. whom apprehended. saner is committed.

I I 1

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the before-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address of Magistrate.

— Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informer.

Insert " is" or "isnot/* as the Case may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner and consider him fit for active Service.

---- Signature of Surgeon.

If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitoeas for Military Service.

C. 7. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

45

C<8.\

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March 1830.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be eraployed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom,

(or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High ' Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently

be quartered or be on Shore, or sent to do Duty on board 1 Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of His Majesty not being in Commission, or other Ships or ' Vessels, in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to 1 the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed,

and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime in breach of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow:1 Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Private. Man in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition; or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any others to

Crimes punishable by Death.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

Marines not to be taken away from the Service for Debts under 301,

misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law for Crimes thereby cognizable; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application* shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine charged with any Capital Crime, or with any Violence or Offence against the Person or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty: Provided always, that no Person who shall have been tried before any of the ordinary Courts of Law for any Crime cognizable in such Courts shall be liable to be punished for the same by any Court-martial otherwise than by cashiering.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person (except an Apprentice) enlisted in His Majesty's Service as a Marine shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by the Warrant of any Magistrate, or otherwise, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and that no Marine shall be liable to be arrested and taken out of His Majesty's Service for Debt by any Process or Execution whatsoever, unless an Affidavit shall be first duly made and filed by the Plaintiff in the Suit, or by some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, that the original Debt for which the Action has been' brought amounts to the Sum of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs in that or any other Action, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process, and of the Warrant grounded thereon; and in case any Person shall nevertheless contrary hereto be arrested, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court out of which the Process shall have issued, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Person

arrested.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

47-

arrested, or by his Superior Officer, and upon due Proof thereof being made to him that such Arrest was made contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, to discharge the Person so arrested out of Custody, and also to award to the Party complaining such Costs as such Judge shall think reasonable; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy by Writ of Execution as that which the Plaintiff in the Suit might have had in case Judgment had been given for him in the Action.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make Rules and Articles of War in Writing, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, either in this Kingdom or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or on board any Transport, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Convict Ship or Hulk, for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Neglect of Duty, and other Offences, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Dominions abroad: Provided always, that no Person shall be subject by such Rules and Articles to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act, nor in any Manner nor under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to grant Commissions under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like M&nner as has been heretofore used; and for bringing Offenders against the Articles of War to Justice, to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of His Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being a»y of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as elsewhere beyond the Seas, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer not below the Degree of a Field Officer to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces under their. Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Lord High Admiral, &c. may grant Commissioni for bolding General Courts-martial, &c.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Composition of

General

Courts-m&rtiaL

Courts-martial to administer Oaths.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

self such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act, may be tried and punished for the same in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda, Africa, and New South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Company, or elsewhere, shall, in order to have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass Sentence of Death or Transportation on any Offender, consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, in which Sentence of Death Nine at least of the Members of any Court consisting of Thirteen shall concur; and for the Trial of any Person not of the Rank Of a Commissioned Officer, the Court shall consist of not less than Nine; and such General Courts-martial convened in Bermuda, or out of the King's Dominions (excepting Africa and New South Wales), shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases where such General Courts-martial as aforesaid shall consist of more or fewer Officers than Thirteen, no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Members present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of Captain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Court-martial shall have Power and Authority and is hereby required to administer the requisite Oath, in the usual Form, to every Person who shall be examined as a Witness before any such Court-martial, previous to his giving Evidence thereat.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts-martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member of such Court shall, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, take the Oaths for that Purpose ]set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President thereof, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same; and so soon as such Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court (having himself taken the said Oath, to be administered to him by any sworn Member,) is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act for that Purpose annexed; and that no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight o'Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which may require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Trial may be held between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

A.D. 1830.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

49

C. 8.

IX. 'And whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases, particularly when a sufficient Number of Royal Marine Officers cannot be conveniently assembled, or in Matters wherein any of ' His Majesty's Land Forces may be interested, that Officers of the (Land Forces should be associated with Royal Marine Officers for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial; Be it therefore enacted and declared, That, when and as often as it shall be deemed necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of Royal Marines and of the Land Forces to sit in conjunction on any Court-martial to' be held under the Authority of this Act, and to proceed on the Trial of any Marine Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Court-martial were composed of Marine Officers only, and whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belong to the Land or the Marine Forces; and the Officers composing such Court are in such Cases to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either Service.

X. And be it further enacted, That a General Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which the Court may appoint, or to corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and a General Court-martial may, in addition to any such Punishment as aforesaid, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge; and whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death, shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for life or for a certain Term of Years, or to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which His Majesty shall be pleased to direct, or if such Offender shall have enlisted for any limited Term, may sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which His Majesty shall be pleased to direct; and such Court may, in addition to any other Punishment, sentence any such Offender to forfeit all Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension on Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Offender: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if any Person who shall have been so adjudged or ordered to be transported, whether ty the Sentence of a Court-martial or in pursuance of such Order of His Majesty, shall afterwards, without Licence from His Majesty or other lawful Authority, return to or be found at large in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, either Abroad or at Home, other than the Place to which he shall have been adjudged or ordered to be transported, before the Expiration of the

Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial.

General Courts-martial may sentence Offenders to Imprisonment, &c.

50

C.a

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Powers of District or Garrison Court-martial.

Divisional

Courts-martial.

Term limited by such Sentence or Order, any such Offender, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XL. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, Africa, and Nrn South WaU*9 where it may consist of Five Commissioned Officers, and may sentence any Marine to any Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Marine to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct in wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Marine at the Instance of such Marine, with Intent to render himself or such other Marine unfit for the Service; in tampering with his Eyes; in malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital while under Medical Care, or other gross Violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully protracting his Cure; in purloining or selling Government Stores; in stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Militanr or Divisional or Regimental Mess; in producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns; in embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him; or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, unnatural, felonious, or fraudulent Nature; and if any Marine shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising out of his Misconduct; and every Marine convicted of Desertion by a District or Garrison Court-martial shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award; and any such Court shall deprive a Marine, if convicted of the Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer, or of additional Pay, or of such Portion of his daily Pay, for any Period not exceeding Two Years, as may accord with the Rules and Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the aforegoing Cases the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening such Court-martial: Provided always, that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

XII. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and grass In* subordination, or any Offences committed on the Line of March, the Offence may be tried by a Divisional Court-martial, and the

Sentence

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

51

C. 8i

Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate command of the Troops; provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-roar-tial is competent to award; and a Divisional Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and to solitary Confinement not exceeding Twenty Days.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any distinct Detachment or Portion of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces which may at any Time be serving out of His Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not haye received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Court-martial assembled to try the Crime of Desertion, in addition to any other Punishment such Court may award, to direct that the Offender be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm Pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked on the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer and other Person employed in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall wilfully suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothes, Ammunition, or other Military or Royal Marine Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which is hereby empowered to adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from his Majesty's Service, with Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and that such Person shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial, which shall have Power to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned until the same, and any Fine which may be imposed, be paid and satisfied to His Majesty.

Detachment

Courts-martial.

Marking a Deserter.

Trial and Punishment for Embezzlement.

52

Witnesses.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, to give Evidence on any Court-martial, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if nevertheless arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, be forthwith discharged out of Custody by the Order of the Court out of which the Writ or Process for such Arrest was issued; and if such Court shall not be then sitting, then by the Order of any Judge of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Courts of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law elsewhere, as the Case may require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending such Court-martial; and every Person so duly summoned as a Witness who shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence at any such Court-martial, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of him, shall be liable to be attached, proceeded against, and punished in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or Dublin9 or Court of Session or other Court of Law in Scotland or elsewhere, in the same Manner as Persons disobeying the Subpoena to testify or any similar Process of such Courts are liable to be proceeded against and punished.

Transportation

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty of Offenders. shall intend any sentence of Transportation to be carried into execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend His Royal Mercy upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender subject to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a General Court-martial, such Sentence, (together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, in Cases of Commutation of Sentence ,; shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upoft the same as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be Assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any other Act of Parliament; and every Person

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law, and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime, and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made, every Law and Statute now in force touching the Escape of Felons shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape of any such Offender; and the Justice or Baron who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or in His Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of any Person belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, being sentenced by any General or other Court-martial to Imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol, or Public Prison, the Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction, Gaols, or Prisons respectively, shall receive into their Custody every such Person, upon receiving an Order in Writing for that Purpose from the Commanding Officer of the Division at which such Court-martial shall have been held, together with a Copy of the Sentence attested by the said Commanding Officer, and shall detain him in Confinement in the Manner and for the Period mentioned in such Sentence, or until he be duly discharged, or shall deliver him up to such Person producing an Order in Writing to that Effect from any such Commanding Officer, although the Period for which he was committed shall not have expired; and every such Gaoler or Keeper refusing or neglecting to receive and confine any such Person, pursuant to such Sentence, or to discharge him, upon any such Order, shall, oo being convicted thereof, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed expedient it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, by any Order in Writing to be made for that Purpose, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners aforesaid, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, to change the Place of Confinement expressed in any Sentence of a Court-martial to be held under the Authority of this Act, either previous to the Commitment of the Offender or under any such Sentence, or at

Imprisonment of Offenders.

Place of Confinement of Offenders may be changed.

54

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Offences Hgainst former Mutiny Acts may be tried under this Act.

Limitation as to Time.

Appeal.

Revision of Sentence.

Forfeiture of Pay.

any Time during the Period of his Confinement, and so from Time to Time as often as it shall be deemed requisite; and the Gaoler or other Person having the Custody of such Offender shall, immediately on the Receipt of any such Order, remove and convey such Offender to the Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction mentioned in the said Order so to be made as aforesaid, (for the Charges of which Removal and Conveyance he shall be allowed a Sum not exceeding One Shilling per Mile; ) and every Gaoler or Keeper of such last-mentioned Gaol or House of Correction shall thereupon, and upon being furnished with a Copy of the Sentence of Confinement, and of such Order of Removal, (such Copies respectively to be attested by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being,) receive into his Custody, and shall confine pursuant to such Sentence, every such Offender under the like Penalty and Forfeiture, in case of Refusal or Neglect, as is lastly herein-before provided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may during the Continuance of this Act be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape, and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXI. And be it further enacted and provided, That no Person who shall have been acquitted or convicted of any Offence at any Court-martial shall be liable to be tried a Second Time for the same Offence, except in the Case of an Appeal from a Divisional to a General Court-martial; and that no Sentence of any Court-martial, signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once; and no Witness shall be examined, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on such Revision.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Marine who shall by the Sentence of any Court of Law or Court-martial, or by the Warrant of a Justice of' the Peace, be imprisoned, or who shall be confined for

Debt,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

Debt, shall forfeit ail Right to any Pay from the Day of his Arrest during the Time of such Imprisonment; and the Gaoler or other Person in whose Custody he shall be shall receive the Sum of Sixpence per Diem out of the Pay of such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, to be applied for his Subsistence during the Time he shall continue in Custody; which said Sum shall, under the Authority of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, be paid by the Paymaster of Roysu Marines to the said Gaoler, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol shall be situate, accompanied by a Copy of the Order under which the Prisoner is confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for the Time being, if they shall think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Marine, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment: Provided alto, that in case such Imprisonment shall be in any Place of Military Confinement, then the like Allowance of Sixpence per Day for Subsistence shall be made by the Paymaster of Royal Marines, to the Marine so imprisoned, in lieu of all Pay or other Allowances: And it is hereby declared, that in the Calculation of the Period to entitle a Marine to Pension, or increased Rate of Pay for Services* no Part of the Time during which he may have been imprisoned shall be included.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioned Officer who shall be arrested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join; and if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall, upon his Return to his Company, with the Approbation of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, but not otherwise, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted, he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Judge Advocate or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial, or the President of any other Court-martial, shall transmit, with all reasonable Expedition, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and that the Party tried by such Court-martial shall, upon Application to the Secretary of the Admiralty, be entitled, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of such Sentence, but not sooner than Three Months, whether such Sentence be approved or not, to a Copy of the Proceedings and Sentence, upon paying reasonably for the same, according to the Length thereof; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Ap-

E 4- proval

55

Subsistence of Offenders while in Custody.

Arrears of Pay.

Pay of Commissioned Officers charged with Criminal Offences.

Report of Proceedings of Courts-martial.

56

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

C. 8.

Subsequent Enlistment no Protection from Punishment for Desertion.

Apprehension of Deserters.

proval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, although he may of Right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and if such Person shall be claimed as a Deserter by the Corps to which he originally belonged, and be tried as a Deserter therefrom, or shall be tried as a Deserter from any other Corps into which he may have enlisted, or if he shall be tried while actually serving in some Corps for Desertion from any other Corps, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he shall be under Trial, as well as every previous Conviction for any other Offence, may be given in Evidence, as an Aggravation of the Crime for which he shall be under Trial; and in like Manner, upon the Trial of any Marine for any Offence whatever, any previous Convictions may be given in Evidence against him; provided that no such Evidence shall be received in any Case until after the Court shall have found the Prisoner guilty, and then only for the Purpose of fixing Punishment; and provided that in all Cases previous Notice shall have been given to the Offender of the Intention to produce such Evidence upon his Trial.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer, Marine, or other Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Marine unlawfully absent from his Duty, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, and shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed for that Purpose in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, with a Description of the Person of such Deserter, and the Name of the Division to which he shall belong, and also certifying the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended; and if the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall be satisfied such last-mentioned Persons are justly entitled to a Reward for such Apprehension, the said Secretary shall in return transmit to such Justice an Order upon the Paymaster of Royal Marines the Sura of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Persons so certified to be entitled thereto; which Reward shall be paid by the Paymaster, and charged against the Pay and Subsistence of any such Deserter, and stopped out of the same: Provided always, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice or his Clerk in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report in the Case of any such Deserter.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

57

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended on any Charge, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter from such Forces, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in the said Forces, whether he shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall at the Time actually belong to the Royal Marine Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be unfit for Service, he shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money by false Pretences, and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence and obtaining Money.

XXVIII. And whereas it has been judged expedient for the Prevention of Desertion, to establish Outlying Parties in the ' Vicinity of the respective Divisions of Royal Marines, for the ' Purpose of intercepting such Men as may straggle or attempt ' to desert from Head Quarters, and it is fit that Encouragement ' should be given to Persons composing such Parties to be diligent and active in their Duty in this Behalf Be it therefore enacted, That for and in respect of every Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine so straggling or attempting to desert, who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward or Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine; which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Non-commissioned Officer and Private Marine, in like Manner as the Reward or Sum of Twenty Shillings is hereinbefore directed to be charged against, stopped, and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every Deserter.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions directly or indirectly persuade any Marine to desert, shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which the Conviction may take place shall adjudge; and every Person who shall assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Service in deserting or in concealing himself from such Service, knowing him to be such Deserter, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Gaoler or other Person having the immediate Inspection of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, shall diet and supply every Marine in his Custody with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of the Prison to which he shall be so committed, and shall receive on account of every such Marine, during his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Paymaster of Royal Marines shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Prison shall be locally situated, together with a

Copy

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Reward for apprehending Marines attempting to desert.

Penalty for inducing or assisting to desert.

Custody and Subsistence of Deserters.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Notice of Expiration of Imprisonment.

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum'of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Prison is defrayed; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall and they are hereby authorized and required to receive and confine every Deserter from the Royal Marines who shall be delivered into their Charge by any Officer, Soldier, or Marine conveying any such Deserter under lawful Authority, oa the Production of the Warrant or Authority on which such Deserter shall have been taken or detained; and every Gaoler or Keeper so receiving a Deserter shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of him, while halted on the March, and to such daily Subsistence as is hereinbefore provided for the Main* tenance of Marines confined under any Sentence or otherwise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler, having Notice that any Person in his Custody is a Marine liable to serve His Majesty, snail, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Imprisonment of such Marine, give One Month's Notice, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who< shall, without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money to serve in the Royal Marines, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine, he shall within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Marines; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record, or cause to be recorded, in Writing, his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the First and Second Article of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read over, in his own Pk*e-sence, to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other

Oaths,

C.&

59

Oaths, any thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent to return such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice; and it shall also be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, provided it wall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Plarty to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto and demanding the same: Provided always, that no Recruit who has actually though erroneously been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from His Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate, under his Hand, specifying the Cause thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice, who shall enlist into His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be attested, that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver him-sdf up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of His Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall

then

Dissent and

Relief from Enlistment.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeships.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice snail inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to and a Copy left with the Officer under whose Command the Apprentice shall then be, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place where the Apprentice shall be apprehended, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or next succeeding General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment; and any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice, may deliver him to his Master: Provided always, that every Apprentice who shall enlist into the Royal Marines during the Period of his Apprenticeship shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon Conviction be liable to the same Punishment as Offenders convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences are liable to; and every such Apprentice shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been prosecuted or not, be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, he may be apprehended as a Deserter from His Majesty's Marine Forces.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the

Party

C. 8 *

61

Party shall produce, to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such. Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the Event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Fact of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned therein, may be transferred into a Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any Act or any Rules and Regulations to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices before whom such Recruit shall be brought, and who shall be proved, upon Oath before them, to have wilfully concealed his having been a Marine or Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity upon being attested, or designedly made any false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law now in force may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall thereby obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam in England re- 7 & g G. 4. lative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and if in c. 29. Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending 9 G.4. c .55 the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his having been attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of

any

68

Ct&r

11° GEO. IV. & 10 GUL. IV: A.D. 1830.

Yearly Servants enlisting to be entitled to a Proportion of their Wages.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and any Man who, having been enrolled to serve in the Militia, and who at the Time of ottering to enlist into the Marines shall deny that he is a Militia Man, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Division of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he shall have so enlisted; provided also, that every such Person shall be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve therein.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit (being a hired Servant) shall be attested, before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he shall have been hired, to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he shall have act* ually served, to be forthwith paid by the Master, upon whom the said Justice shall make an Order accordingly, and if the same be not paid within Four Days, shall enforce the Payment thereof by the same Means as pecuniary Penalties may under this Act be recovered before a Justice.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who shall designedly act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for His Majesty's Service, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine m His Majesty's Service, unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take and subscribe the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound,) and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full

Term

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 8.

63

Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and, it in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract of Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid; and any such Master, who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice, shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That Musters, as has been cus- Musters, and tomary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Penalty on Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; false Musten* and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to His Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall Knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty; and any Person, who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing sear to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belong to His Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to His Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise, in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby His Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every

Person

j

64

C.a

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Furlough Pay.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Billetting of Marines.

Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when there shall not be any Officer of His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, - it shall be lawful for any Justice, who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough, be liable to be treated as a Deserter; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex- 1 empt any Marine from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provision of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Pay) to enable him to reach his Home, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire* shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

XLV. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the Royal Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom Be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, (not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is allowed by His Majesty's Regulations,) in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses, and be furnished with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and

allowing

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

65

allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Times when Marines are on a March shall any of them be billetted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Marines shall be billetted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billetted in one and the same House, except in Case of Necessity; and the Constables' are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were therein locally situate: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs, when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present, and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets snail at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billetted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billetted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billetted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billetted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billetted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon Complaint made by any such Occupier to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Horses shall be so billetted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Horses to be billetted upon some other Person having Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billetted upon them, and may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billetted in any Place with another Man or Horse billetted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billetting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be

Quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the 'ergons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billetted, stating

66

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to their Houses; and it shall be lawful to billet Officers and Marines in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except; n the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided always, that no Justice, being an Officer of Royal Marines, shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billetting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billetted in England shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder, or other Person furnishing the same, shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders, and other Persons on whom Marines may be billetted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billetted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Hones billetted, by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from time to time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Irelandt and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not.by the Occupien of the Houses in which they are billetted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Hone shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the said Men, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Penons on whom such Men are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same, then upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters are situate, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to the Complainant, to order the Paymaster of Royal Marines to pay the Amount due, and charge the same against such Officer; and in case of any Marines

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

67

rines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of the Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billetted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Paymaster of Royal Marines, shall be by him immediately paid, and charged to the Officer's Account.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That for the regular Pro- Supply of vision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage, Carriages, on their Marches in England and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall, on the Production of such Order to them, or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses,

Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and ia case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Person,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within this Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates to be paid Rates for for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which Carriages, a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for. every Mile every other Cart or Carriage

68

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

A.D. 1830.

with less than Four Horses, and not carrying .Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and such further Rates may be added, not exceeding, in England, a total additional Sum per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England, for their respective Districts; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions, (and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; ) and in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and, when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert, in his own Hand, in the Warrant, the Amount thereof, and the Date of* the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher: Provided always, that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carnages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable: Provided also, that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

69

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Marines, being in proper Uniform, Dress, or Undress, and their Horses, and all Carriages and Horses when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage under the Provisions of this Act, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, other* wise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others fortfiat Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

L. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrived of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall do any. Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him, shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by any Act in force in that respect; or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

iX And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion

Exemption from Tolls.

Penalties upon Civil Suijects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carnages.

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

70

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Penalty for purchasing C lollies, &c. from any Marine.

C. 8.

to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do any thing contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ip&a facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in His Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate thereof be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sickjf or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same, shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds or less than Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall unlawfully have in his or her Possession or Keeping, or who shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, Cap. or other Military Furniture or Appointments, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any other Articles belonging to any Marine or Marine Deserter, which are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Royal Marine Corps, or shall change or cause She Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, or Necessaries to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or my the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of Stolen Goods.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

LIII. And, for the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near such Place where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, and who upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justices shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law, shah be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LV. And be it farther enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Marine having a Wife, Child or Children, shall be quartered, may summon such Marine before him, (which Summons such Marine h hereby required to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of Ins last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to he produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence m to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to hia legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Oaths which are authorised or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Pierson giving false Evidence or taking.a false Oath in any Case wherein an Oath is authorized or renoired to he taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or from the Paymaster and Inspector General of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences, and the Commissioners of Excise within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settlement.

Administration of Oaths.

Pfe«3ury-

Licences of Canteens.

72.

C. 8.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Limitation of Actions.

Recovery of Penalties.

3 G. 4. c. 23.

5 G. 4. c. 18.

opriation

»us.-

shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person for any thing done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or.if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value shall and may be recovered, in any Part of the United Kingdom, before One or more Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices effthe Peace and others: and by another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied in Scotland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of His Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; in any of the Royal or superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

LX. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of every such

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

73

Penalty or Forfeiture (not including any Treble Value of any Articles.) shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid over to the Paymaster of the Royal Marine Forces, to be applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Alt shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon- Txvced; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to ail Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and High Constables, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Provisions for billetring Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billetted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billetted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London, admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patririony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul, duly accredited as such.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received His Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed His Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of

Definition of Terms.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

7 *

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.U im

C. 8»

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship,

Duration of Act.

Alteration of Act.

the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of such Notification,

LXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted) That all His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well Officers as Privates, shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable m every respect to the Laws of the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them while so borne in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive; and within Ireland from the first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, to the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-oar inclusive; and m all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty, to the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive; and that this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any other Act or Acts to be passed during this Session of Parliament,

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-maztiaL

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

I do swear, That I will truly administer Justice *

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on Shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I wiU not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8 *

75

FORM of 08th of Jedge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

1 whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence theredf as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

QUESTIONS to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County,

were you bom ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Tradfe or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are yon married ?

7. Are you ruptured or dame; have you ever been subject to

Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marine

Forces until you shall be legally discharged ?

9. On what Day and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist ?

11. Do you now belong to the Militia?

12. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marine *, Ordnance, or Navy ?

13. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or Navy?

Aott. — The Justice is directed, in patting the lhh Question to the Recruit, end before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprise the Recruit that if be belongs to (be Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

OATH to be taken by a Recruit enGsting.

I do make Oath, That the above Questions have

1 been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that I gave, and are

true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors* in Person* Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey att Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set

So help me GOD.

(Signature of the Recruit.)

Witness present. Day of J

Signature of the Justice.

overs*.

Witness my Hand

Sworn before me at this One thousand eight hundred and

76

C. 8.

11 ° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

CERTIFICATE to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark.

1 I One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit. j of do hereby certify, That the above is the Description of the Recruit; and in my Presence all the

aforegoing Questions were put to the said; that the

Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Second and Third Sections of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day;

and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

Signature of the Justice.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a

, and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the Day of last abscond and quit

my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years.

Witness my Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred

Sworn before me at this Day of 1 One thousand eight hundred J

FORM of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

7 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit. J A of certify, That of came

before me at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath that he was by Trade a

, and that was bound to serve as an

Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that

the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without

his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

DESCRIPTION Return of

on the

committed to Confinement at &8 a Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Day of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. 1 I Probable Date 1 of Desertion, & from whence. Name, Occupation, and Address of the Person by whom apprehended. Particulars of the Evidence upon which the Prisoner is committed. Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he is a Deserter.

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the before-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address oj Magistrate.

— Signature of Prisoner.

- - Signature of Informer.

Insert " is" or M is not," as the Case may be.

JI certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, consider him fit for active Service.

, ---- — Signature of Surgeon.

t If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for Military Service.

-a

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

n

C. 9.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Piersons who have omitted to nuikethe Declaration required by 9 G. 4. c. 17. indemnified, and allowed further Time.

Cap. ix:

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdojn as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[8th April 18SO-]

[This Act is the same as 10 G. 4% c. 12. except as to Dates and the Sections here inserted.']

II. And whereas divers Persons, who by reason of their being admitted into Offices, Employments, or Places of Trust, or of their Acceptance from His Majesty of Patents, Grants, or Commissions, or by the Receipt of Pay, Salary, Fees, or Wages by 1 reason thereof, ought to have made and subscribed the Declaration required by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much if

several Acts as imposes the Necessity of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a Qualification for certain Offices and 1Em-

ploymentst and have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence,

or other unavoidable Accident, neglected or omitted to make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said Act within the Period therein specified, and that by such Default their Offices, Employments, or Places of Trust, Patents, Grants, or Commissions, have become void Be it therefore enacted, That every Person who ought to have made and subscribed the said Declaration, and who shall before the passing of this Act have omitted to make and subscribe the same within the Period in the said Act specified, and who shall within One Month after the

nof this Act make and subscribe the said Declaration, shall is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred and to be incurred for or by reason of any such Neglect or Omission; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, without anj new Patent, Grant, Commission, or Appointment, and shall hi deemed and adjudged to have qualified himself according to thi Provisions of the said recited Act, as duly and effectually as i such Person had made and subscribed the said Declaration withii the Time thereby prescribed; and all Acts done or to be doni by such Person, or by Authority derived from him, shall be of th< same Force and Validity as the same would have been if such Person had made and subscribed the said Declaration in manner am within the Time prescribed by the said recited Act.

VII. An

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 9.

79

VII. And whereas many Persons who may have paid the proper Stamp Duties, either before or within Six Months after

the Execution of the Contracts in Writing entered into by them 1 to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, Soriveners, or Notaries Public in Great Britain, have omitted to cause Affidavits 1 to he made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of such Contracts, and have also omitted

to cause such Contracts and the Indentures thereof to be inrolled within the Time in which the same ought to have been done; and many Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries Public, and others, may

have omitted to take out Annual Certificates, or to enter the same in the proper Office, and many Infants and Others may thereby incur certain Disabilities:' For preventing thereof, and relieving such Persons, be it enacted, That every Person who indemnity to shall, either before or within She Months after the Execution of Persons who such Contract or Indenture, have paid the proper Stamp Duty in have paid the that Behalf, and who at the passing of this Act shall have neglected

or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid ^mMiTaerka to be made and filed, or such Contract or Indenture to be inrolled, to Attornies, and who, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand &c. but have eight hundred and thirty-one, shall cause such Contract or Inden- neglected to lure to be inrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf, and One tV *5

or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be m^Cs filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against nil Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, and incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed; and that the respective Officer or Officers who ought to receive, file, enter, or register such Contract or Indenture, or Affidavit or Affidavits, shall not refuse to receive, file, enter, or register the same, by reason that the Attorney, Solicitor, or Notary Public, to whom such Infant or other Person shall have been articled or have contracted to serve, shall have neglected to take out his Annual Certificate, or to register the same, but such Officer or Officers are hereby directed and empowered to receive, file, enter, or register the same, notwithstanding such Omission; and that every Person Neglect of At-who shall have regularly served any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor tornies, &c. in or Solicitors, Notary Public or Notaries Public, for the Term of taking out Yean required by Law, shall not be prevented or disqualified their Annual from being admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, or Notary Public, by to^udtfy1101 reason of any Omission of the Person or Persons to whom he the Persons served for the same Term, or for any Part thereof, having so who have served neglected to take out his Annual Certificate, or to register the them, same; provided that such Person is otherwise entitled to be created and admitted to such Office by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

CAP. X.

C. 10.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Persons adjudged to serve in the Navy tinder the Smuggling Laws not to receive more than Half the Rating.

Distribution of the Wages of Seamen serving under the Smuggling Laws.

CAP. X.

An Act for the Relief of Parishes from the Expences of maintaining the Wives and Families of Men convicted under the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling, and sentenced to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service.

[8th April 1830.]

WHEREAS many Seamen are now serving in His Majesty's W Naval Service under and by virtue of certain Acts here-

tofore made and passed for the Prevention of Smuggling: And

whereas it is expedient to make Provisions respecting the Payment and Distribution of the Wages of such Seamen, and of such others as may be hereafter entered to serve in the said

Naval Service under or by virtue of any Act made or to be made

for the Prevention of Smuggling, and also respecting the Relief of Parishes to which the Wives or Families of any such Seamen

are or may become chargeable whilst they continue in the Ser-

vice; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person who shall be hereafter adjudged or entered to serve in His Majesty's Naval Service under or by virtue of any Act made or to be made for the Prevention of Smuggling shall be entitled to receive more than Half the Pay of his Rating in the Shin's Books.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Wages of every Seaman now serving or who shall hereafter be adjudged or entered to serve in His Majesty's Naval Service under or by virtue of any such Act made or to be made for the Prevention of Smuggling, I whose Wife or Family is or shall become chargeable to any Parish or Place, shall from and after the passing of this Act be distributed as follows; (that is to say,) a Proportion, not exceeding One Half, of the Wages at which such Seaman is rated in the Ship's Books shall be made available for the Support of his Wife and Family; and in order to effectuate the said Purpose, it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place where the Wife or Family of such Seaman shall be or become chargeable, to make Complaint thereof on Oath to any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, and upon the Transmission by the said Justices of a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, specifying therein the Proportion (not exceeding One Half) of the Wages they shall deem necessary to be paid for the Relief* of the Parish, according to the Circumstances, having regard to the Number of the Family .; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon take the requisite Measures for causing Payment thereof to such Person as snail for that Purpose be named in the Justices* Certificate, in the same Manner and under similar Regulations as Allotments of Seamen's Wages are now or shall be payable, and that the Monies so paid shall be applied towards the Relief and Indemnity of the Parish; and all Payments to be made by th<

Treasure!

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 10, 11.

81

Treasurer of the Navy under the Authority of this Act shall be deemed good and valid Payments, and shall be allowed as such in his Accounts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding such Provisions for the Limitation and Distribution of Wages as aforesaid, every Seaman whatsoever, now serving or who shall hereafter be adjudged or entered to serve in the said Naval Service under and by virtue of any Act made or to be made for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be deemed and taken to be in actual Service and Full Pay within the meaning of an Act made and passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, until such Seaman shall be paid off, or receive a Ticket of Discharge from the said Service.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens that the Ships to which such Seamen as aforesaid belong are absent from the Kingdom 1 at the Time at which by Law such Seamen are permitted to

receive their Discharge from His Majesty's Naval Service; Be it enacted, That the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall cause Orders and Instructions to be given to all Admirals and other Officers in command of His Majesty's Ships, that about the Time at which any Seaman now serving or who shall hereafter be entered to serve in His Majesty's Naval Service under or by virtue of any Act made or to be made for the Prevention of Smuggling shall by such Act be permitted to receive his Discharge, the said Seaman shall be sent Home by the earliest convenient Opportunity.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Time at which such Seaman is permitted by Law to receive his Discharge as aforesaid shall expire before the Arrival of the Ship in which he is sent Home or to which he belongs in any Port of the United Kingdom, he shall be entitled to receive his Discharge within Ten Days after her Arrival in such Port; and if the said Time shall expire whilst such Ship is within any such Port, he shall be entitled to receive his Discharge forthwith: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any such Person from the Performance of the Duties of such Service until he be actually discharged.

CAP. XL

An Act for extending certain Provisions of an Act of the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants regarding Executions, to certain Process in use within the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge.

[8th April 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the

Tf Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants, it was enacted, that from and after the Day

11 Gio.IV. A1 Gul. IV. G therein

Such Seamen to be deemed to be in Full Pay within the Meaning of the Act 22 G.2. c. 33.

Seamen so serving to be sent Home when entitled to their Discharge.

Regulations as to the Discharge of such Seamen.

8 Ann. c. 17.

82

0.11.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

No Goods shall be removed by virtue of any Wril unless the Party suing shall, before Removal of Goods, pay the Rent due to the Landlord.

therein named no Goods or Chattels whatsoever) lying or being 1 in or upon any Messuage, Lands, or Tenements which were or should be leased for Life or Lives, Term of Years, at Will, or otherwise, should be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution on any Pretence whatsoever, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution was sued out should, before the Removal of such Goods from off the said Premises by virtue of (such Execution or Extent, pay to the Landlord of the said Premises, or his Bailiff, all such Sum or Sums of Money as were or should be dtie for Rent for the said Premises at the Time of taking such Goods or Chattels by virtue of such Execution, provided the said Arrears of Rent did not amount to more than One Year's Rent; and in case the said Arrears should exceed One Year's Rent, then the said Party at whose Suit such Execution was sued out, paying the said Landlord or his Bailiff One Year's Rent, might proceed to execute his Judgment as he might have done before the making of that Act; and the Sheriff or other Officer was thereby empowered and required to levy and pay to the Plaintiff as well the Money so paid for Rent

as the Execution Money: And whereas the said Provision in the Case of an Execution does not extend to the Case of certain Process used within the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge> issuable from the Courts of the said County Palatine, or some or one of them, called a Writ of Pone per vadios, and a

Writ of Extract thereon, by reason of such Process not being

an Execution; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Goods or Chattels whatsoever, lying or being in or upon any Messuage, Lands, or Tenements within the said County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge, which are or shall be leased for Life or Lives, Term of Years, at Will, or otherwise, shall be liable to be attached, removed, assigned, delivered over, or sold by virtue of any Writ of Pone per vadios, or of any Writ of Extract thereon, to be issued from the Courts of the said County Palatine, or any of them, on any Pretence whatsoever, unless the Party at whose Suit any such Writ is sued out shall, before the Removal of such Goods from off the said Premises by virtue of any such Writ of Pone or Writ of Extract, or either of them, or of any Proceeding either by Consent or Sale or otherwise under such Writs or either of them, pay to the Landlord of the said Premises, or his Bailiff, all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall be due for the said Premises at the Time of the attaching or of the Removal of such Goods or Chattels by virtue of such Writ of Pone per vadios or Extract; provided the said Arrears of Rent do not amount to more than One Year's Rent; and in case the said Arrears shall exceed One Year's Rent, then the said Party at whose Suit such Writ of Pone per vadios or Extract is sued out, paying to the said Landlord or his Bailiff One Year's Rent, may proceed to execute his said Writs as he might have done before the passing of this Act; and the said Party at whose Suit such Writ of Pone per vadios or Extract is sued out is hereby empowered, by and out

of

A.D. 1830. 11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

Ql.1, 12.

83

of the said Goods or Chattels, to recover or otherwise to repay to himself as well the Money so paid for Rent as the Money one or payable to him under or by virtue of such Writs or either of them.

IL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to let, hinder, or prejudice His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the levying, recovering, or seizing any Debts, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures that are or shall be due, payable, or answerable to His Majesty, His Hein or Successors; but that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to levy, recover, and seize such Debts, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

[26th April 1830.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford: And whereas it is alleged that there has been the most notorious, 1 long-continued, and general Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of East Ret-

ford, and that such Bribery and Corruption are likely to continue and be practised in future, unless some Means are taken to

prevent the same: And whereas it is necessary to examine, at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in respect of

such alleged Bribery and Corruption, several Persons: And

whereas the Evidence of such Persons may lead to Disclosures tending to expose them to Penal Consequences: And whereas it is expedient to indemnify such Persons, as they are herein-after indemnified, upon their truly and faithfully *4 making such Disclosure and Discovery as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more effectually prosecuting the said Inquiry, that all and every Person and Persons, not having been Candidates or a Candidate for the said Borough at the last Election, who may or hath been or may have been implicated or engaged in such alleged Bribery and Corruption at or connected with any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford, and who shall be examined as Witnesses or a Witness, at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, touching such alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who shall, upon such Examination, make a true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure, to the best of his, her, or

Act not to affect Debts due to the King.

See 1 W.4 c. 74.

All Persons, except Candidates, implicated in Bribery at East Retford, who may be examined by the House of Lords, and who shall make a faithful Disclosure, indemnified.

84

C. 12, Id.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Not to extend to any Persons giving false Evidence.

Copies of Entries of Examinations may be given in Evidence.

their Knowledge, touching all Acts, Matters, and Things to which he, she, or they shall be so examined, shall be, and he, she, and they is and are hereby freed, indemnified, and discharged of, from, and against all renal Actions, Forfeitures, Punishments, Disabilities, and Incapacities, and all Criminal Prosecutions, which he, she, or they may have been or may become liable or subject to, or which he, she, or they may have incurred or may incur at the Suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, for or by reason or means of or in relation to any Act, Matter, or Thing done or committed by such Person or Persons in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption, respecting or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid, and shall make such true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to give any Benefit or Advantage to, or to indemnify, free, or discharge any Persons or Person from or against any Forfeitures, Penalties, Punishments, Disabilities, or Incapacities, or any Prosecutions, who being examined as aforesaid shall give any false Evidence, or make any false Discovery, or suppress, or refuse fully and truly to disclose, any Act, Matter, or Thing within his, her, or their Knowledge, touching or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall be so examined as aforesaid, upon any Action or Prosecution commenced or instituted or to be commenced or instituted of or in respect of any of the Matters to which they shall be so examined as aforesaid, to give in Evidence, upon the Trial of such Action or Prosecution, Copies of the Entries contained in the Journals of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal upon such their several Examinations; and that such Copies shall be conclusive Evidence, upon the Trial of all such Actions and Prosecutions of the Fact of the Examination of such Persons, and of the Questions proposed to such Persons, and of the Answers given by them to such Questions.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for transferring certain Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

[3d May 1830.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and c Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration the present State of the National Debt, and being desirous of lessening the Charge thereof, have resolved, that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who now is or are or hereafter may be interested in or entitled unto any Part of the National Debt redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 13. 85

Centum per Annum, and is usually known by the Name of New Four per Cents, created in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and which are payable at the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively, and who shall not signify his, her, or their Dissent in the Manner hereinafter raen- tioned, shall, in lieu of every One hundred Pounds of such New pour per Centum Annuities, receive and be entitled to the Sum of One hundred Pounds in a new Stock, to be called The New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities," and to carry Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, or to the Sum of Seventy Pounds in a new Stock, to be called 14 The New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities," and to carry Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and so in Proporturn for any greater or less Amount than One hundred Pounds of such Four per Centum Annuities; and that the Dividends of the said Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be payable half-yearly at the Bank of England and at the Bank of Ireland; and that the said New three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities shall not be liable to be paid off until after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty; and that the said New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities snail not be liable 1 to be paid off until after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three: We, Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now is or are or hereafter may be interested in or entitled unto any Part of the National Debt redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and is usually known by the Name of New Four per Centum Annuities, payable at the Bank of England and at the Bank of Ireland respectively, and who shall not signify his, her, or their Dissent in manner herein-after mentioned, shall, in lieu of every One hundred Pounds of such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively, receive and be entitled to the Sum of One hundred Pounds in a new Stock, to be called The New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities," and to carry an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and so in proportion for any greater or less Amount than One hundred Pounds of such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively; and that the Dividends thereof shall be payable half-yearly, at the Bank of England, upon the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July, and at the Bank of Ireland on the Rfth Day of April and on the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year and the first half-yearly Dividend on the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities shall be payable at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and at the Bank of Ireland on the Fifth Day of April One thousand

Every Person entitled to 1002. New Four per Cents, and not dissenting, shall receive 100*. New St, 10a. per Cent. Annuities.

Dividends to be paid half-yearly.

m

New 31. 10*. Stock to be redeemable after 5th Jan. 1840.

Within One Month after Period for Dissent, the Holders of Four per Cents, not having dissented, may subscribe to New Five per Cent. Stock;

and shall be entitled to 70L of such Stock for every 100/. Four per Cents. Dividends payable half-yearly.

New Five per Cent. Stock redeemable after 5th Jan. 1873.

Interest to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

Persons not dissenting from receiving the New 3/. 10*. per Cent. Annuities shall be deemed assenting.

C. 13. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

eight hundred and thirty-one; and that the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities shall be subject and liable to Redemption at any Time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty, and not before that Period; and that the said New three Pounds and Ten Shillingsper Centum Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions, in the like Manner as the said New Four per Centum Annuities.

JI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the Periods severally fixed for expressing the Dissent from accepting and receiving a Share in the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities in lieu of the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, it shall and may be lawful for any Person, or Body Politic or Corporate* entitled to any Sum in such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, and not having signified such Dissent as aforesaid within such Periods respectively, to subscribe to a new Stock, to be called M The New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities;" and every such Person shall receive and shall be entitled to the Sum of Seventy Pounds in such New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities in lieu of every One hundred Pounds of such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, and so in proportion for any greater or less Amount than One hundred Pounds of such New Four Pounds per Centum Annuities; and that the Dividends on such New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be payable half-yearly, at the Bank of England, upon the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July, and at the Bank of Ireland on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year and the first half-yearly Dividend on the said New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be payable at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and at the Bank of Ireland on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and that the said New Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be subject and liable to Redemption at any Time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and not before that Period; and that the said Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions, in like Manner as the said Four per Centum Annuities.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and Dividends payable in respect of the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and New Five per Centum Annuities shall De charged and chargeable upon, and shall be issued and paid out of, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the same Manner as the Interest and Dividends of the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively now stand charged on the said Fund.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall not, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, signify his, her, or their Dissent from accepting and receiving a Share in the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, in lieu of his, her, or their respective Shares in the said respective Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, or for any

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 13.

7

Part of such respective Shares ip such last-mentioned Annuities, in the Manner hereinafter directed, shall be deemed and taken to have consented to accept and receive the same: Provided always, Time limited that if any Proprietor or Proprietors of the said respective Four for dissenting. Pounds per Carton* Annuities shall not have been within the Limits of the United Kingdom at any Time between the Twenty-third Bay of March and the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, but shall have been in any other Part of Europe, it shall be lawful for such Proprietor or Proprietors to signify such Dissent at any Time before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and if any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not, at any Time between the Twenty-third Day of March and the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, have been within any Part of Europe, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them to signify such Dissent at any Tune before the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; such Proprietor or Proprietors proving, to the Satisfaction of the Governor and Directors of the Bank ox England or Bank of Ireland respectively, or any Two or more of them, his, her, or their Absence from the United Kingdom, or out of Europe, as the Case shall happen, and that his, her, or their Share or Shares of such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities stood in his, her, or their Name or Names respectively, or in the Name or Names of any One or more Trustee or Trustees on his, her, or their Behalf, on the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland respectively; and provided also, that such Proprietor or Proprietors so absent from the United Kingdom, or out of Europeshall signify his, her, or their Dissent within Ten Days after his, her, or their Return to the United Kingdom.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, and Bodies Persons di»-Politic or Corporate, possessed of any Part of the respective Four ^nting shall Pounds per Centum Annuities, and who shall desire to signify tion^fosssms such Dissent as aforesaid, shall, on or before the Twenty-fourth #nd Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, by them- Qf the Bank of selves or some Agent or Agents for that Purpose duly authorized, England or signify such Dissept to the Governor and Company of the Bank Ireland re-of England or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Pect, veI7* Ireland respectively, ip Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Agent or Agents authorized as aforesaid, together with the Amount of his, her, or their respective Shares in the said Four Pounds per Cen- turn Annuities; and which said Dissents shall be entered in a Book or Books to be opened and kept by the Governor and Company of the said Banks respectively for that Purpose, and shall be numbered in the Order m which such Dissents shall be received by such Governor and Company; and in case of any Transfer of such Shares, or any Part or Parts thereof, after such Dissent, the Part or Parts so transferred shall be entered in the Books of such Governor and Company under the same Numbers as were affixed to such Shares when the Dissent or Dissents was or were so signified; and every such dissentient Proprietor or Proprietors, or paying of Dis-hu, her, or their Assigns, or the Executors or Administrators of sentient*.

88

C. 13.

11° GEO. IV. & l8 GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Dissents of the Accountant General in Chancery and Accountant General of Exchequer may be be signified within a certain Time; and no Orders made in relation thereto shall be subject to Stamp Duties.

Indemnity for

Accountants

General.

such Assigns, under any such Transfer, shall be paid off in such Order and at such Periods and in such Manner as Parliament may direct.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and also for the Accountant General of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in England and Ireland respectively, at any Time before toe Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, to signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or Ireland respectively, on behalf of any Suitors or others interested in any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities standing in the Names of such Accountants General respectively, their Dissent under this Act in respect of any of such Annuities; and General or Special Orders may be made in a summary Way, either upon Application by Motion or Petition of Suitors or Persons interested, or upon Motion by His Majesty's Attorney General, or otherwise, by the said Courts respectively, in respect of any such Annuities, either as to signifying or not signifying any such Dissents, or as to any other Matter or Thing relating to any such Annuities or the Dividends thereof, or to any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, which may be created in lieu thereof, or to the application of any such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or the Dividends thereof; and no Application, Petition, or Affidavit made by or on behalf of any Suitor or other Person interested in any of such Annuities or the Dividends thereof respectively, or Order or Report made, or other Proceeding had in either of the said Courts respectively, in consequence of this Act, or which may arise out of any of the Provisions of this Act, in relation to the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively, or any Part or Share or Shares thereof, standing in the Names of the said Accountant General of the said Courts respectively, or in relation to any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities which may be created under this Act, and hereafter stand in the Names of the said Accountants General respectively, in lieu of the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities before standing in their Names respectively, or the Dividends of such respective Annuities, nor any Copy or Copies of such Application, Petition, Affidavit, Order, Report, or other Proceeding, shall be subject or liable to be stamped, or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duties whatever, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Accountants General respectively shall be deemed and taken to have consented to accept and receive Shares in the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, in lieu of all such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities standing in their Names respectively, as to which no such Dissent shall have been signified by them respectively as aforesaid; and the said Accountants General of the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively shall be and are hereby fully indemnified against all Actions, Suits, or Proceedings for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Thing done by them respectively in pursuance of or under any of the Provisions of this Act, and also for and in respect of their respectively not signifying in any Case such their Dissent as aforesaid; and in case any Action,

Suit,

A.D. 1830. 11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV,

C. 13.

89

Suit, or other Proceeding be commenced or instituted against the said Accountants General, or either of them, for or in respect of an y such Act, Matter, or Thing, or not signifying any Dissent as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be commenced or shall be pending, upon summary Application, to stay, and such Court is hereby required to stay, such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, and to make such Order relative to the Costs thereof as such Court shall think expedient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Executors, Ad- Executor *, ministrators. Guardians, Trustees, and all Committees of the Trustees, &c. Estates of Idiots and Lunatics, who as such shall have the Con- may dissent, troul over any Shares of the said respective Four Pounds per

Centum Annuities, standing either in their own Names or in the Name or Names of any Testator or Intestate, or of any Infant or Infants, or Idiot or Lunatic, may, if residing within the United Kingdom, signify such Dissent as aforesaid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively at any Time before the last Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and if either of any Two or more of any such Executors, Administrators,

Guardians, Trustees, or Committees shall reside out of the United Kingdom, the Period within which such Dissent may be signified shall be regulated by the Residence of the most distant of such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, in each Case; and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, indemnity for Trustees, and Committees, not signifying such Dissent within such Execu-the Periods specified in this Act, according to such Residence, ton* shall be deemed and taken to have assented to accept and receive a Share in the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, and they are hereby severally and respectively indemnified for not signifying such Dissent under this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Executors, 8k.

may be lawful for all such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, not having Trustees, or Committees as aforesaid, who shall not have sig- signified Dis-nified such Dissent as aforesaid, to subscribe to such New Five a*n.^Gm*y *ub" Pounds per Centum Annuities, in case they shall think proper so Qtnta,

to do.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be Payments of entitled to receive the Dividends upon any such Four Pounds per Dividends on Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England shall be Four per Cents, paid and receive the Dividend which will become due thereon

on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Thirty; and that every Person who shall be entitled to receive the Dividends upon any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland shall be paid and receive the Dividend which will become due thereon on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and the said Time of paying Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively shall be paid off them off. or converted into Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, as the Case may require, from and after the said Fifth Day of July and Tenth day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively; and every Transfer of any of the said Annuities at the

Rate

C. 13.

Transfers of them between the Banks of England and Ireland, after 23d March 1830, void. Books to be opened at the Bank of England or Ireland for receiving the Entry of the New 3L 10s. and SL per Cent. Annuities.

Banks of England and Ireland shall employ their Cashier and Accountant General.

Jl' GEOk IV. & 1° GUt. IV. MSa

Bate of Four Pounds per Centrum per Annum, which may hare taken place, to or from the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from or to the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at any Time after the Twenty* third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be null and void.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or Ireland respectively, at any Time after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, to open Books for writing up and receiving the Entry into the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, or into the said New Five per Cen* turn Annuities, of any of the Four Pounds per Centum Annuities before described, belonging to any Proprietor or Proprietors who may not have expressed his, her, or their Dissent to receive such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, and who may be desirous of converting his, her, or their Four Pounds per Centum Annuities into the said Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, at the Bank of England, and before the Tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and thirty, at the Bank of Ireland; but the Dividend or Dividends of the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities which would become due on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, at the Bank of England, or on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, at the Bank of Ireland, shall be paid and payable to the Person or Persons in whose Name such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities stood immediately before they were so converted into Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Got* turn Annuities $ and the First Dividend of such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, notwithstanding such Conversion previously to the Fifth Day of July or Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively, shall not become due until the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one respectively.

XL. And for the mere easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively, and their Successors, shall from time to time employ their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers and their Accountant General in the Execution of this Act; and the Monies from time to time necessary for foe Payment of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, in England, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of foe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for foe Time being, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained m that Behalf be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of foe said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their

Successors

A.D. 1830.11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 13.

91

Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities there; and the Monies from time to time necessary for Payment of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, in Ireland, shall, by Warrant of the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, countersigned by the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, in manner required by Law, be issued sod paid, according to the Course of the Exchequer in Ireland, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Successors for the lime being, for the Payment of the said Annuities there; and every such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Accountant General for the Time being of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland respectively shall from time to time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Banks respectively, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence* or Delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum, created by virtue of this Act, shall be each deemed, reputed, and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in such Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same respectively, at the Rate aforesaid; and that such Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same respectively, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the Accountant General for the Time being of toe Banks of England and Ireland respectively a Book or Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of such Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rates aforesaid, shall be respectively entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands ad Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, and that any Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or tnmsterring any such Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers or any of them.

Accountant General shall examine Receipt! apd Payments.

The several Annuities under this Act shall be each One Joint' Stock.

C. 13.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Annuities to be Personal Estate.

Powers of Attorney for Receipt of Dividends on Four per Cents shall remain in force for Receipt Of New 3$ or 6 per Cento.

Certificates of Amount of Stock exchanged or paid off, &c. shall be sent to Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt.

Bonds and Contracts to tranifer 4/. per Cents to be deemed satisfied by a Transfer of the New 3y. per Cents.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities of .Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum created by this Act, and their Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said respective Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, devisable as such, and which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; but no Payment shall be made, nor any Transfer allowed, upon any Devise, until such Devise shall have been duly enterea at the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland respectively, as the Case may require.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers of Attorney which shall be in force at the Time of passing this Act, and which would have remained in force if this Act had not passed, for the Receipt of Dividends or for Sale or Transfer of any Four Pounds per Centum Annuities which shall under or by virtue of this Act he converted into the said New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall continue and remain in full Force and Effect for receiving the Dividends which shall become due on the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or on the Five Pounds per Centum Annuities created by this Act in lieu thereof, or for selling or transferring any such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, and also for receiving Dividends on any further Sum of such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities which the Parties by whom such Letters or Attorney were given may hereafter purchase or acquire, until such Powers are revoked or otherwise determined.

AVI. And be it further enacted, That, as soon after the Expiration of the respective Periods allowed by this Act for signifying any Dissent under this Act as the same can be done, Certificates shall be from time to time made out and transmitted to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in London^ by the proper Officer or Officers of the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively, of the Amount of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities which shall have been exchanged into such New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, or paid off, under the Provisions of this Act, and of the annual Interest which shall have ceased thereby, and also of the capital Amount of such New Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities created by such Exchange, and of the annual Interest thereon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Person or Persons shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be or remain bound by the Condition of any Bond or Obli- gation, or by the Terms of any Instrument in Writing, or by any Agreement or Contract, to transfer any Amount of Capital Stock in the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, the Condition of every such Bond or Obligation, or the Terms of any such Instrument

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 13.

93

ment in Writing, or Agreement or Contract, shall be deemed in »

Law and Equity to be satisfied by making a Transfer of an equal Amount of Capital Stock in the New Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities; and that where any Party is, by the Condition of any such Bond or Obligation, or the Terms of any such Jflgrwnent in Writing, or Agreement or Contract, bound or required to pay half-yearly Sums equal to the Dividends on any specified Amount of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities respectively, every such Bond, Obligation, Instrument, Agreement, or Contract shall be satisfied by the Payment of half-yearly Sums equal to the Dividends of or upon the same Amount of the said Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities.

XVIII. Provided always, and oe it further enacted, That in Lenders of 4/. every Case in which any such Four Pounds per Centum Annu* Pf1* 06 on ities respectively shall have been transferred in the way of Loan Pi^ay°de^" upon any Condition in any Bond or Instrument or under or upon mKa^ jooI in any Agreement or Contract for the Repayment of such Loan by Money for the replacing the Amount of Stock so transferred, it shall be law- *v«7 100L1°

ful for the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Loan, Stock *

or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to declare an

Option, and give Notice thereof in-Writing, and thereby require

the Repayment of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every One hundred Pounds Capital Stock of such

Four Pounds per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of

England, so transferred in the way of Loan as aforesaid, and so

in proportion for any greater or less Amount; and every Bond,

Obligation, Instrument, Agreement, or Contract, given, entered into, or made upon any such Loan or Contract, shall be deemed in every such Case, in Law and in Equity, to entitle the Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to such Repayment in Money, and to demand and recover the same in any Court in which any Action, Suit, Process, or Proceeding may be brought, instituted, or carried on upon any such Bond, Obligation, Instrument, Agreement, or Contract; any thing in any such Bond or Obligation, Instrument, Agreement, or Contract, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Trusts, whether created Trusts is to a I.

by Will or otherwise, and which existed either in the whole or per Cents shall in part, and all Directions contained in any Will or Devise or to sif *

Testamentary Paper, which remain unexecuted at the Time of the ^K^ons

passing of this Act, as to any Four Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Applica-which may under this Act be converted into Three Pounds Ten don of al per Shillings per Centum Annuities, or as to the Payment or Distribu- Cents shall be tion of any Dividends thereon, or as to the Transfer of any such

Annuities, in any Events specified in any such Trusts or Will or Application of Testamentary Paper, shall extend, and be deemed and construed, the sper in all Cases, and in all Courts of Law and Equity in the United Ceuta. Kingdom or elsewhere in any Dominions or Territories belonging to His Majesty, to extend and to apply to all such Three Pounds Ten Soillings per Centum Annuities created in lieu of any Four Pounds per Centum Annuities subject to or affected by any such Trusts or Devises or Wills or Testamentary Papers, for all Purposes and in all Cases in which such Trusts or to which any such Directions can be made applicable: Provided always, that

in

9 *

C. 1S.

11« GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Questions u to Trusts inih0 41. per Cents may be decided by the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or the Court of Session.

in all Cases in which any Proportions or Arts of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities are required to be transferred under any such Trusts or tinder the Provisions of or Directions contained in any Will, Devise, or Testamentary Paper, or any Proportion or Part of any Dividends arising from and out of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities are required to be paid or distributed, the TVansfer of a like Amount of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, and the Payment and Distribution of Dividends at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Gen-turn, instead of Four Pounds per Centum, upon the Capital, shall be and be deemed and taken in all Courts and for all Purposes to be a due Execution of such Trusts, or of the Directions contained in any Will or Testamentary Paper, and shall fully discharge the Trustee or Executor or Executors making the same, who are hereby declared to be and are hereby fully indemnified in respect of such Execution of any such Trusts and Executorship as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Question may have arisen or may arise upon the Execution of any Trusts, or upon any Distributions which may have been or may be made or may remain to be made, by any Trustees, Executors, or Administrators, of or in relation to or arising out of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, or of any Parts or Proportions of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, which may have been vested in any Trustees, or which may have been distributable by any Executors or Administrators, or ns to the Application of any Residue thereof, or as to the Distribution or Application of any Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities transferred under the Provisions of this Act in lieu of any Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, whether as to the Powers or Authorities of any such Trustees, Executors, or Administrators, or as to the relative Interest of any Persons entitled under any such Trusts or under Wills to receive any Annuities charged upon or arising or payable out of the Proceeds of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, and of any Persons interested in any Residue of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, whether under any specific Provision relating to any such Trusts, or contained in any Wills, or arising out of the Execution of any WillB by any Executors, or the Distribution of any Estates by any Administrators, and in all other Cases whatsoever in which any Question may arise in consequence of the Transfer of any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities into Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, it shall be lawful for any such Trustees, Executors, or Administrators, and for Persons entitled to or interested in any such Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, of any Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities created in lieu thereof, or in any Proceeds of any such Annuities, whether in Reversion or otherwise, to make Application to the High Courts of Chancery or to the Courts of Exchequer in England or TrelunA respectively or the Court of Session in Scotland, in a summary Way, either by Motion or Petition; and it shall be lawful for the High Courts of Chancery or for the Courts of Exchequer it England or Ireland respectively, or for the Court of Session it Scotland, to make General Orders in relation to any such Ques

lion

C. IS.

95

tioo, or Special Orders, in a summary Way, upon any such Application, or as to any other Matter or Thing relating to any such Annuities, or to any Dividends thereof, or to any Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities which may be created in lieu thereof, or to the Application of any such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, or any Dividends thereof; and no Application, Petition, or Affidavit made by or on behalf Of any Trustees, Executors, or Administrators, or Trustee, Executor, or Administrator, or other Person or Persons interested in any Of such Annuities or auy Dividends thereof respectively, nor any Order or Report made or other Proceeding had in any or either of the said Courts respectively, in consequence of any Question which nay arise out of any of the Provisions of this Act, in rela* tion to the Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, or any Part or Shane or Shares thereof, or in relation to any Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities which may be created under this Act in lieu of the said Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, or the Dividends of such respective' Annuities, nor any Copy or Copies of such Application, Petition, Affidavit, Order, Report, or other Proceeding, shall be subject or liable to be stamped, or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duties whatever, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Trustees, Executors, Administrators, and other Persons, acting under any Orders made by any or either of such Courts respectively, or whose Acts shall be confirmed by any or either of such Courts respectively if done before any Application made to any or either of the said Courts respectively, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified against all Actions, Suits, or Proceeding for or in respect of any Act, Matter, or Thing done by them re* spectively in pursuance of or under any such Order, or which shall be confirmed by any such Order; and in case any Action,

Suit, or other Proceeding be commenced or instituted against any such Trustee, Executor, Administrator, or other Person, for or in respect of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be commenced or shall be pending, upon summary Application, to stay, and such Court is hereby required to stay, such Action,

Sait, or Proceeding, and to make such Order relative to the Costs thereof as such Court shall think expedient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the New sjj. per Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they CeJ, Jum An-are hereby empowered and required, to accept and receive Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities or Five Commissioners Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be created by virtue Of this Act, for Life An. as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities; qnd for nuities.

; the Purpose of ascertaining the Price of such Stock or Annuities,

I the Cashier Or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the said Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the average Price thereof, according to the Regulations prescribed by any Act or Acts now in force for ascertaining the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, for enabling the Purchase of Life Annuities;

; which said Account shall be transmitted to the Officer appointed

by

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

96

C. 13.

Mode of computing New S$t per Cents.

Indemnifying the Banks of England and Ireland for Acts done by their Officers under this Act.

New Stock transferable at Banks of England and Ireland may be mutually transferred, conformable to Directions of

5 G. 4. c. 53. as altered by

6 G.4. c. 79.

by the said Commissioners, to enable him to ascertain the respective Amounts of the like Annuities which may be purchased by the Transfer of such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities, that such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities shall be first converted, by the Computation of the said Officers, into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchaser), according to the average Price of those Stocks, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed; and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, including Fractions (if any), produced by such Conversion, according to the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations prescribed by any Act or Acts now in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and the same is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, their Officers and Servants, and every of them, for all Things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the same shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever to their Prejudice or Detriment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall at any Time hold any Stock in the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or in the Five Pounds per Centum Annuities created by this Act, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, to transfer or cause to be transferred any such Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of the like Annuities respectively transferable at the Bank of England; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for any Person who shall at any Time hold any Stock in the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities created by this Act, transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer or cause to be transferred any such Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of the like Annuities respectively transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and all such Transfers shall be made on the Terms and Conditions, and subject to all the Clauses, Directions, and Regulations contained in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the mutual Transfer of Capital in certain Public Stock or Funds transferable at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, as the same is altered or affected by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Assimilation of the Currency and Monies of Account throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and all Clauses and Provisions of the said Acts relating to any Funds, Stocks, or Annuities, shall

A.D. 1830. ir GEO. IV, & l'GUL.IV.

7

C. 13, 14.

extend and be construed to extend to the Annuities created by this Act, in like Manner as if the said Annuities had been specified in the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may be amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Stared Senion of Parliament. Se-on-

CAP. XIV.

An Act for removing the Market at present held for the Sale of Hay and Straw from the Haymarket; and for establishing Markets for the Sale of Hay, Straw, and other Articles, in York Square, Clarence Gardens, and Cumberland Market, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

[3d May 1830.]

WHEREAS a Market has been for a long Time past held for (ff the Sale of Hay and Straw in the Street called the Haymarket, in the Parishes of Saint James and Saint Martin-in-tAcFields within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Mid *

dieses: And whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, '

intituled An Act for paving and regulating the Haymarket in the 8 & 9 W, 9.

Parishes of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields and Saint James within the c. 17.

Liberty of Westminster, Provisions are made for the Payment,

Collection, and Application of certain Sums of Money in respect of every Cart Load or Parcel of Hay and Straw brought into and standing for Sale in the said Street; and the Extent of the said Market is defined, and Provisions made for its Regulation:

« And whereas the said Market occasions great Obstruction to the Thoroughfare of the said Street, and much Annoyance to the Inhabitants of the Street and its Vicinity; and it is therefore desirable that it should be removed: And whereas it would be of considerable Advantage to the Estates of the Crown contiguoug to the said Street, and a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Mary-le- Bone and Saint Pancras, and of the neighbouring Parts of the Metropolis, that a Market should be established within the open Places or Squares hereinafter mentioned, for the Sale of Hay and Straw, and such other Articles, Matters, and Things as shall from time to time be appointed and allowed by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues:

And whereas the Ground or Soil of the said open Places or Squares belongs to His Majesty in Right of His Crown, and is within the Order and Survey of the Court of Exchequer: Be it therefore enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Day Djgeontinuance next before the Day on which the Market Place to be appro- of the present printed for the Sale of Hay and Straw, as hereinafter mentioned, Market for shall be opened for public Use, the Market for Hay and Straw Hay and Straw now held in the said Street called the Haymarket shall cease and 10 Hay-be at an end; and if any Person shall thereafter sell or expose to e

1 i Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. H Sale

Person or Persons from whom such Distress shall have been taken; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching the same, such Dispute or Difference shall and may be settled and determined by any One or more of His Majesty's Justices, of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, who is or are

hereby empowered and required to summon the Parties before

him or them, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint upon Oath, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs to either Party, as to him or them shall in his or their Discretion seem meet; and by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to cause the Costs which shall be so awarded to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

-Regabfioiif

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

for bdldin^die ^oniink"oner8 ^or Time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Mid Markets. Forests, and Land Revenues from time to time to direct and appoint what particular Parts of the said Market Place shall be. occupied and made use of for exposing to Sale therein of the different Commodities, Articles, Matters, or Things which shall be sold or exposed to Sale within the same respectively; and also from time to time to make such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye Laws, (not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Directions or Provisions contained in this Act, or to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England,) as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for the better regulating, cleansing, letting, occupying, holding, and using all and every or any of the said Market Places, with such Penalties for disobeying the same, not exceeding for each and every Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, as they shall think fit; and also for fixing from time to time the Day or Days of the Week and the Time or Times of holding the said Market, and also the Hours at which the several Commodities, Articles, Matters, and Things to be sold in the said Market shall respectively begin to be offered or exposed to Sale therein, and how long the same shall continue exposed to Sale therein; with Liberty to the said Commissioners, to change the said Days and Hours from time to time, at their Discretion, and to appoint different Days or Hours, if they shall think proper, for the Sale of different Commodities, Articles, Matters, and Things; and also for fixing the Time or Times when and the Manner in which every moveable Shed, Stall, Standing, and Bench, allowed to be used or set up in the said Market Place, shall be set up, used, taken down, and removed from and deposited and laid by therein; and a Copy of the said Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye Laws shall be from time to time painted on Boards in large and legible Characters, and affixed and stuck up in some conspicuous Part or Parts of each of the Market Places to be made and set up as aforesaid, and continued and renewed from time to time as often as the same shall be obliterated or defaced; and no Penalty shall be incurred for disobeying any such Rule, Order, Regulation, or Bye Law, until a Board containing a Copy thereof shall have been so stuck

UP

L

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & ! GUL. IV. C. 1A.

l(A

up Two Market Days; and the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall cause the Time or Times of beginning and concluding every Mar-let to be announced by the ringing of a Bell, or otherwise, as they shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall on any Market Day, or on any other Day, sell or expose to Sale at any Time within the Precincts of the Crown Estate called the Regent'* Park Estate, (except in the said Market Places and as hereinafter mentioned,) any Commodities, Article, Matter, or Thing in respect of which, if sold in the said Market hereby established, a Toll would be payable under the Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, on Conviction before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned, and that without Prejudice to any other Penalty, Action, or Suit to which such Person may be liable under any other Statute or Law: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from selling or exposing to Sale any Commodities, Articles, Matters, or Things whatsoever in his or her own private Dwelling House, or in any Shop, Part of such Dwelling House* nor to subject, charge, or make liable any Person whomsoever selling or exposing to Sale in the said Market or its Neighbourhood any Butter, Eggs, or Poultry, in any Hand Basket or Baskets, to any Payment for or in respect of the same by way of Toll, or of Picxage or Stallage, or otherwise howsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint a Clerk of the Market, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and other Payments hereby authorized to be taken, (unless during such Time as the said Tolls and Payments shall be leased under the Power hereinafter contained,) and also to appoint and employ Inspectors of Meat, Fish, and other Provisions, and such other Person or Persons as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and from time to time to remove any such Clerk of the Market, Collector, or Inspector, or other Person or Persons so to be appointed; and out of the Monies to arise under or by virtue of this Act to make such Allowances to such Person or Persons respectively as the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall judge a reasonable Compensation for their respective Trouble and Services.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to erect and appoint One or more House or Place, or Houses or Places, in or near the said Market Places or any of them, as they shall from time to time think proper, for publicly weighing and measuring such Articles, Matters, and Things sold or exposed for Sale in the said Market, as shall be bought and sold by Weight or Measure; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hqve and keep

Penalty on Persons exposing Articles to> Side except in the Market Places.

Appointment of Officers *

Power to erect and appoint public Weighing House,

&c.

m

C. H.

11° GEO. IV. & 1* GUL.IV. A.D. 1830.

5 G.4. c. 74.

6 G.1 c. 12.

Penalty on Sellers refusing to weigh, &c. and on Buyers refusing to pay Tolls for weighing, &c-

For presenting Nuisances in the Market.

proper and sufficient Weights, Scales, and Measures, (according to the respective Standard Weights and Measures in the Exchequer at Westminster, established by Two several Acts, the one passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and the other passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prolong the Time of the Commencement of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and to amend the said Act, at such House or Place* Houses or Places, and to appoint some proper Person or Persons to attend the same on every Market Day at such Time or Times as in the Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws to be made by virtue of this Act shall from time to time be directed; and every Person selling any Commodity, Article, Matter, or Thing, by Weight or Measure, in the said Market, shall weigh or measure the same in or by the said Weights, Measures, or Scales, if required so to do by the Buyer or Buyers thereof; and in order to defray the Expences of providing the said Weights, Scales, and Measures as aforesaid, and a proper Person or Persons to attend the same as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the Person requiring any Commodity, Article, Matter, or Tiling to be weighed or measured by the same, the Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in respect thereof in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any seller of any Com* modity, Article, Matter, or Thing which shall be sold by Weight or Measure in the said Market, shall refuse or neglect to weigh or measure the same by and with the public Scales, Weights, and Measures as aforesaid, upon being required so to do by the Buyer or Buyers thereof, or if the Buyer or Buyers of any Meat, Fish, or other Provisions which shall be so weighed or measured as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the Tolls for the same respectively, at the Rate mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, the Person or Persons in either Case so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every such Refusal or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; and the said Tolls, Sums of Money, and Penalties shall and may be recovered in like Manner as herein-before directed concerning the Recovery of Tolls to be paid in respect of the said Market.

XIII. And be it further enacted That if any Person shall kiU, slaughter, singe, scald, or dress, or cause to be killed, slaughtered, singed, scalded, or dressed, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, in any Stall, Standing, or other Place in any of the said Market Places, or shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently injure, deface, or spoil the Stalls or Standings therein, or the Roofs, Walls, Columns, Steps, or Pavements belonging thereto respectively, or any of them or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall do or commit or cause any other kind of Damage, Injury, Spoil, Obstruction, Annoyance, or Nuisance in any of the aaid Market Places or any Part thereof, or upon any of the Stalls, Standings, Erections, or Buildings therein; every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall, over and above such Penalty, pay such Sum or Sums of Money as any Justice or Justices for the said County of Middle *

sex *

C 14;

10$

uxy before whom the Complaint of any such Act ot Offence shall be heard, shall think reasonable, by way of Satisfaction for the Damage done or occasioned thereby.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or ingpector8 expose to Sale in the aforesaid Market any Meat, Fish, or other de*troyun-Provisions which shall be of an unwholesome Nature, or in a State wholesome improper for Human Food, it shall be lawful for the Persons to be Meat, &c. from time to time appointed, by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, Inspectors of

Meat, Fish, and other Provisions, and each and every of them, without any other Authority than this Act, to seize and destroy or cause to be seized and destroyed such Meat, Fish, and other unwholesome Provisions as aforesaid; and every Person selling or >

exposing to Sale any such Meat, Fish, or other Provisions as aforesaid, shall, in addition to the Forfeiture thereof, for every Offence, upon Conviction before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in case any Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to answer and satisfy the said Penalty, and the Charges and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted shall and may commit the Offender to the House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, there to be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the Penalty, and all Costs,

Charges, and Expences, shall in the meantime be paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justices to One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said grant Warrants County of Middlesex, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to search for and required, upon Information exhibited to him or them upon and ei*«uiu Oath that any Meat, Fish, or other Provisions of an unwholesome p^ykion^ Nature, or in a State improper for Human Food, is or are concealed or suspected to be concealed for Sale in the said Market

hereby established, or in any Dwelling House, Shop, or other Place within the Distance of One hundred Yards from the said Market, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Inspectors aforesaid, or any One or more of them, to search the said Market, or such Dwelling House, Shop, or other Place, and any Meat,

Fish, or other Provisions of an unwholesome Nature, or in a State improper for Human Food, then and there found, to seize and convey before such Justice or Justices, who, upon Proof of the unwholesome Nature thereof, or of the same being improper for Homan Food, either by One credible Witness or upon his or their own Inspection, may order the same to be destroyed; and it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices to summon the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same unwholesome Meat, Fish, or other Provisions shall have been found, to appear before him or them, and upon the Appearance of such Person or Persons, or in case he, she, or they shall not appear, then upon due Proof of the Service of the Summons* either personally or by leaving the slune at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, to adjudge the said Person or Persons to have incurred the Penalty hereby imposed on the Sale or exposing for Sale of 'unwholesome or improper Meat, Fish, or Provisions.

Cl*.

no GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

No Goods to be sold by Auction in tin Streets.

Commissioner* of Woods and Forests may cause the Sale of any particular Things in the said Market to be discontinued.

Penalty on exposing for Sale Articles which are not authorized, or at other Times than those appointed-

Powers of

36 G.3. c. 88. extended to the Market estn-UK-Hed by this

XVI. And be it farther enacted* That if any Person or Persons shall sell or offer to expose for Sale, or cause to be sold or offered or exposed for Sale, by Auction or Outcry, any Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, Articles, or Things whatsoever in the pablic Streets within the Distance of One hundred Yards from the said Market hereby established, every Person so offending shall, beyond any other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment to which he or she may be liable, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, on Conviction before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, any Sura not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, at any Time or Times hereafter, to order and direct that any of the Commodities, Articles, Mattery and Things which are herein-before specified, or which may at any Time hereafter be appointed or allowed by the said Commissioners to be sold in the said Market, shall cease to he any longer sold in the said Market; and in case and so often as any such Order or Direction shall be made, the said Commissioners shall cause a Board to he stuck up in some conspicuous Place within the Limits of the said Market, notifying the Day on which such Order and Direction shall take effect; and from the Day so notified the said Market hereby established shall cease to be a Market for the Sale of the Commodities, Articles, Matters, or Things specified in that Behalf in such Notice, until the Order or Direction to be so made shall at any Time thereafter be rescinded in whole or in part by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues i Provided always, that no Person shall incur any Penalty for the selling or exposing or offering for Sale in the said Market any Commodity, Article, Matter, or Thing to which any such Order or Direction shall relate, unless Notice of such Order or Direction shall have been stuck up in manner aforesaid at least Two dear Market Days before the Day on which such Sale or Exposure or Offer for Sale shall take place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or offer or expose for Sale in the said Market hereby established any Commodity, Article, Matter, or Thing which he or she shall not be for the Time being authorized to sell or offer or expose for Sale therein under the Provisions of this Act, or shall sell or offer or expose for Sale in the said Market any Commodity, Article, Matter, or Thing at any other Time than that appointed by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Sale thereof, every Person so offending shall, on Conviction before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, and Penalties of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the buying and selling of flay and Strata and for

C. 1*.

105

fir.repealing mo much of Two Acts made in the Second Year of Ike Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Thirty-jkst Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the haying and selling of Hay and Straw within the Limits therein mentioned, shall extend to the Market hereby established, and to all Sales therein, as fully and effectually as if the said Market had been established before the passing of that Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, at any Time or Times, or from time to time, to demise and lease, and enter into any Contract or Agreement for the demising or leasing, the said Market Places or any of them, and the Stalls, Standing Places, or other Conveniences thereto, and the Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, and other Sum or Sums of Money to be collected or to arise from or in respect of the said Market, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take and him the same respectively, by public Auction or private Contract, for such Terms, Estates, and Interests, at such Rent or Rents, and for such Fine or Fines, and under and subject to such Covenants, Clauses, Conditions, and Restrictions, as Market Places, Stalls, Standings, and Conveniences thereto, and the Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, and other Sum or Sums of Money to be collected or to arise therefrom, may or might now be demised or leased by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Market Places, and the Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, and other Sum or Sums of Money to be collected or to arise from or in respect of the said Market, or any Part thereof, by virtue of this Act, shall be demised or let to farm, and the Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Leasee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paia pursuant to the Lease or Agreement for the demising or letting thereof, then and in either of the said Cases the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by them, shall be at liberty to enter upon and take Possession of the said Market Places and every Part thereof, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, Sum and Sums of Money; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, by any Notice in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two of them, to be given to

Power to lease Market Places, Tolls, &c.

10 G.4. c. 5a

Remedy in case of Nonpayment of Renta.

C. 14.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Justices may proceed by Summons.

For securing Offenders.

Form of Conviction.

such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Fanners, or left at his, her, or # their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, forthwith, or from any Time to be named in such Notice, to vacate and determine. the Lease, Contract, or Agreement for demising or letting the said Market Places, Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, Sum and Sums of Money to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Fanners, and then and from thenceforth, or from the Time named in that Behalf in such Notice, the same Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be utterly void to all Intents and Proposes, save as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Covenants or Agreements on the Lessee's Part, as if such Demise, Contract, or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, in every such Case, again to demise or let to farm the said Market Places, Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, Sum or Sums of Money to any other Person or Persons, or to cause the said Rents, Tolls, Stallage Duties, and Sum or Sums of Money to be collected, as if such former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had not been made *

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein any Penalty or Forfeiture hereby imposed is made recoverable by Information before a Justice of the Peace, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act to summon the Party complained against before him, and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, whether he be present or absent, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before such Justice; and all such Proceedings by Summons shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if an Information in Writing had been exhibited.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Collector, Inspector, or other Officer appointed under the Authority of this Act, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or his Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any Person or Persons who shall commit any Offence or Offences against this Act, and to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of any Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that i* to say,)

C. 14*.

J07

IRE it remembered! That on the Day of

j in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before me [or us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, by virtue of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act, and specify the Offence and the Time and Place token and where the same tvas committed]. Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

written. '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, (the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not otherwise herein particularly directed,) or which shall be inflicted or imposed by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under the Power herein-before given, shall and may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, on Complaint to him or them for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, who is and are hereby authorized and required to summon any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and to examine him, her, or them of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so jto he levied or recovered, (after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same,) shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless such Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his, her, or their Appearance before them on such Day or Days as shall be ap-, pointed

Distress notts be unlawful for Want of Form.

Fines and Penalties bow to be recovered

108

C. 14.

11° GEO. IV. & 1* GUL, IV. A.D. 1830.

pointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice of Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, or in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders or otherwise, that he, she, or they hath or have not sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines can be levied if a Warrant of Distress were issued, in which Case such Justice or Justices '* shall not be required to issue such Warrant of Distress, then

and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, (the Application whereof is not otherwise directed,) shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Person suing for or recovering the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, with* out being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which the aforegoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE I.

For every Waggon or Cart Load or Parcel of Hay which shall be brought into and stand to be sold, a Toll not exceeding -

For every Waggon or Cart Load or Parcel of Straw, Grass, or Vetches, a Toll not exceeding For entering the Sale of every Load of Hay, Straw, Grass, or Vetches -

For every yearly Stand for a Waggon or Cart, a Rent for every superficial Foot of such Stand after the Rate per Annum of not exceeding -

For every Waggon or Cart which shall be placed in any casual Stand, and shall contain any Articles or Things, (Hay, Straw, Grass, or Vetches excepted,) a Toll not exceeding If the Contents of any Waggon or Cart shall be placed or pitched on any Stand in that Part of the Market which shall' be appropriated to Waggons and Carts, the same Rent or Toll shall be paid for such Contents as would have been payable for the Waggon or Cart if such Waggon or Cart had been placed on such Stand.

0

0

0

0

0

i. d. 3 0 0 1 0 1

1 O

0 6

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 14, 15. 109

If any Waggon or Cart shall be brought to and remain* upon a casual Stand, or the Contents thereof shall be placed or pitched and remain upon any casual Stand in that Part of the Market which shall be appropriated to Waggons and Carts, for more than One Day, such further Toll for every other Day beyond the first Day shall be paid for every such Waggon or Cart, or the Contents thereof, as shall be eaual to the Toll payable for such Waggon or Cart, or the Contents thereof, for the first' Day that the same shall have been brought to or placed or pitched on such Stand.

For every yearly Stand in that Part of the Market which shall not be appropriated to Waggons and Carts, a Rent for every superficial Foot thereof not exceeding after the Rate per Annum of - For every casual Stand in that Part of the Market which shall not be appropriated to Waggons and Carts, for every superficial Foot thereof a Rent or Sum per Day not exceeding -

0 1 8 0 0 1

SCHEDULE II.

WEIGHING and MEASURING.

For every Load of Hay, Straw, or other Agricultural Produce, not exceeding the Sum of

Every Weighing of other Articles not exceeding One Hundred Weight, not exceeding And if more than One Hundred Weight and less than > Two Hundred Weight, not exceeding And so in proportion for any greater Quantity.

For every Quantity of Goods and Articles sold by Measure, for every Bushel, not exceeding

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 0 *

CAP. XV.

An Act for relieving, in certain Cases, Vessels entering or sailing from the Port of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from the Duties leviable under Two Acts passed in the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fourth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, relating to the Northern Lighthouses.

[3d May 1830.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 1 Third, intituled An Act for erecting a Lighthouse on the Bell or 43 q.j, 0.133. ' Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of K Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain towards that Purpose, it is enacted, that from and after the said Lighthouse shall be finished and a Light put therein, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they should appoint, to demand, collect,

110 C. 15. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

4 G, 8« c. 136.

receive, and take from all and every the Masters and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel the Sums or Duties following; (that is to say,) from every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, which should sail to or from any Port or Place on the East

Coast of Scotland between Peterhead on the North and Berwick-upon-Tweed on the South inclusive, and whether the said Ship or Vessel should be Outward or Homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or sailing Coastwise, as also from all Ships and Vessels, as above described, which shall sail within, a Line drawn from Peterhead on die North to the said Port of Berwick on the Sooth, both inclusive, a Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for

every Ton; and for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel sailing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence for every Ton thereof: And whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses to purchase the Island and Light of May, at the Entrance of the Frith of Forth, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money towards that Purpose, and for amending several Acts in regard to the Northern Lighthouses, it was enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act the Duties heretofore levied in respect of the Light on the Island of May should cease and determine,

and in lieu thereof, and to enable the said Commissioners to pay the Price of the said Light and Island of May, and to maintain a proper Light there, and also to erect and maintain additional Lighthouses, as before mentioned, and otherwise to provide for the keeping in repair and maintaining the whole Lighthouses under their Charge, it should and might be lawful to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they should appoint, from and after the passing of this Act, to demand, collect,

receive, and take from all and every the Masters and Owners of I4 every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, which should sail to or from any Port or Place on the East Coast of Scotland between the Castle of Dunottar on the North and Saint Abbes Head on the South, both inclusive, whether the said Ship or Vessel should be loaded or in Ballast, or Outward or Homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or sailing Coastwise, and also for every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid which should sail within a Line drawn from the Castle of Dunottar on the North to Saint Abbes Head on the South, both inclusive, a Sum not exceeding One Penny for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel;

and for every Foreign Ship and decked Vessel sailing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence for every Ton thereof;

and for every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, navigated according to Law, liable in Payment of Duties to the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, not sailing within the aforesaid Limits, a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny for every Ton of such Ship or Vessel x and for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel, liable in Payment *

of Duties as aforesaid, not sailing within the aforesaid Limits;

a Sum not exceeding One Penny for every Ton thereof: And

A.D. 1830. II. GEO. IV. & ! GUL.IV.

C. 15, 16.

m

whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships and other Vessels entering into and sailing or departing from the Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from and to the Southward,

1 do not derive any Advantage from the said herein-before men-

boned Lights, or either of them, and it is therefore just and

expedient that such Ships and Vessels should be relieved from the Duties imposed by the said Acts; but such Relief cannot be granted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:' May

it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act ships sailing no Master or Owner or Masters or Owners of any Ship or Vessel Southward of of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ', or of any Berwick Ha»-Foreign Ship or Vessel, which shall enter into the said Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed from any Port or Place situate to the uesimposed by Southward thereof, not having in such Voyage touched at any the recited 1 Port or Place situated to the Northward of the said Harbour, or Acts, which shall depart from or be intended to depart from the said Harbour for any Port or Place situate to the Southward thereof and shall not touch at any Port or Place to the Northward thereof in the Course of the then intended Voyage, shall be liable to any of the Duties or Sums of Money authorized to be levied by the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses in virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, but such Ships or Vessels shall be entirely exempted therefrom; any thing in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing This Act not

in this Act contained shall affect, or be deemed or construed to to affect Ship* affect, the Masters and Owners of any Ship or decked Vessel which of

shall enter into or depart from the said Harbour of Berwick, other Berwick Har-than those entering into or sailing or departing from the same bour.

from and to the Southward, as herein-before mentioned; but such Masters and Owners shall continue liable for and be subject to Payment of the said Duties and Sums of Money in all respects as heretofore.

[Public Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Leather, and the Laws relating thereto.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and (granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties of Excise were granted and imposed on Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment, in Great Britain: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the

112 C. 16. 11 GEO. IV. & 1 GUL. IV, A.D. 1830.

Repeal of all Duties and Restrictions on the Manufacture of Leather.

additional Duties and Drawbacks on Leather granted by Two Acts of His late Majesty, and for granting other Duties m lieu thereof, and for securing the Duties on Leather, certain Draw* backs were granted on Hides and Skins, and on Leather manufactured into Goods, exported to Foreign Parts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for assimilating the Duties and Drawbacks on Hides, Skins, Leather, Parchment, Paper, and Paper Hangings manufactured in Ireland, to the Duties and Drawbacks payable on the like Articles in Great Britain, and for equalizing the Measures and Weights whereby the Duties of Excise and Customs should be payable throughout the United Kingdom, certain Duties of Excise were imposed, and made payable on Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, hnd on Vellum and Parchment, in Ireland; and certain Drawbacks were granted on Hides and Skins, and on Leather manufactured into Goods, exported to Foreign Parts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof, and for amending the Laws for granting Excise Li* cences, certain Duties of Excise were imposed on Licences required to be taken out by every Tawer, Dresser of Hides and Skins-in Oil, every Currier, and every Maker of Vellum or Parchment: And whereas it is expedient that all Duties payable upon or for or in respect of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made, in any Part of the United Kingdom, and upon Licences for exercising the Trades of Tanner, Tawer, Currier, or Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, and all Drawbacks payable on the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Leather, manufactured or unmanufactured, and all Laws, Provisions, and Regulations relating thereto, should cease and determine; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the several Duties of Excise payable by Law for or upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces and Parts of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made, in any Part of the United Kingdom, and all Duties upon Licences for exercising the Trades of Tanner, Tawer, Currier, or Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, and all Drawbacks for or in respect of the Exportation of any Hides or Skins, or Leather, unmanufactured, or manufactured into Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable; and that all Enactments, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions in any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to any such Duties, or such Licences, or such Drawbacks, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall be and the same are hereby wholly repealed, and shall then cease and determine, save and except as to the Payment and Recovery of any Arrear of the said Duties, or

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 16, 17. 113

of any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, which shall have been incurred before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

IL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Nothing in thi* this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to continue in force so much of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the ^nuesomuS" Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing of 48 G 3# an Act passed in the First Year of King James th£ First, intituled c. 60. as pro-An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Arti- hibits Tanners Jeers occupying the cutting of Leather, and also for repealing and from carrying amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating shoeroakeT thereto, as prohibits any Person or Persons using the Trade or Currier, &c. Business of tanning of Leather, during the Time that he, she, or they shall so use or carry on the said Trade or Business of tanning, from using, occupying, or in any Manner carrying on the Trade or Business of a Shoemaker, Currier, Leather Cutter, or ether Artificer exercising the cutting or working of Leather, or to revive the said Act of King James the First, or any other Act or Acts relating to the damaging of Hides in the flaying thereof, or to revive or continue any other Provision, Restriction, or Regulation in any way relating to the flaying of Raw Hides, or the tanning or working of Hides or Skins, or Manufacture of Leather, Parchment, or Vellum, or to repeal any Act, or any Part or Provision contained in any of the said Acts hereby repealed, repealing any former Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and the Malt Allowance on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to conso- 7&8 G.4.

1 lidate and amend certain Laves relating to the Revenue of Excise c. 52.

on Malt made in the United Kingdom; and for amending the f Laves relating to Brewers in Ireland, and to the Allowance in respect of the Malt Duty on Spirits made in Scotland and Ireland from Malt only: And whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and w ith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and One Room may be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall have may be used made or who shall make Entry in manner by the said recited Act for keeping required of any Room or Place for the keeping of Malt therein, Malt and for or for the keeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, to if^parated^y make use of any such Hoorn or Place so entered for keeping a Partition. Malt, and to store and keep therein Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and to make use of such Room or Place which shall be so entered for keeping Corn or Grain, and to keep and store therein Malt or any other Corn, Grain, or Seeds; any thing in the

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Raw Grain may be dried on the Kiln.

Cisterns and Couch Frames may be used, although not constructed in manner directed by the Act.

Officer of Excise to give a Cifly of his Charge, if demanded at any Time by the Maltster.

said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Malt, Corn, Grain, and Seeds be kept separate and apart, so as to prevent the mixing of any such Corn, Barley, or other Grain or Seeds with Malt; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or allow any Distiller or Maltster in Scotland or Ireland, who shall have made or who shall make Entry as a Maker of Malt for the sole Purpose of being consumed in distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Malt only, to keep any Corn or Grain in any Room or Place entered for keeping, depositing, or *storing Malt, or to keep or deposit any Malt in any Room or Place entered for storing Corn or Grain.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, (except a Maltster or Maker of Malt in Scotland or Ireland making Malt to be consumed in distilling Low Wines and Spirits from Malt only,) on giving Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, if the Malthouse and Premises of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situated in a City or Market Town or the Suburbs thereof, and if situated elsewhere, Forty-eight Hours Notice in Writing, to the Officer of Excise, of his or her Intention so to do, to use any Kiln entered for making and drying Malt, for drying and to dry thereon Barley or any Corn or Grain not making into Malt; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise, and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, to make use of any Cistern which shall have been made and constructed and in use before the passing of the said recited Act, notwithstanding such Cistern shall not have a clear open Space of Forty-eight Inches at the least above every Part of such Cistern, so that there be sufficient Head-room and Light and Means to enable the Officers of Excise safely and conveniently to have Access to and to gauge the Corn and Grain contained in every Part of such Cistern; and the Certificate in and by the said Act required shall, with such Approbation as aforesaid, be granted for the use of such Cistern, and for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, under such Approbation and Regulations as aforesaid, to make use of any Couch Frame made and constructed before the passing of the said recited Act, notwithstanding such Couch Frame shall not have Three Sides thereof permanently made or constructed, provided that the moveable Sides of such Couch shall be made with Boards or Planks of the Substance of Two Inches in Thickness at the least, and supported on the Outside in every Part thereof, so that the Frame retain the same Dimensions in every Part when filled with Grain as when empty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Excise who shall take an Account of and charge the Duty of Excise on any Corn or Grain making into Malt at the Malthouse or Premises of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and make a Return thereof to the Commissioners of Excise, under the Powers and Directions of the said recited Act, shall in all Cases when the Minutes of the Entries made by him in taking such Account shall not appear on the Book or Paper called the Specimen Paper, left

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 17. 115

at the Premises of the Maltster or Maker of Malt, give a true Copy of such Charge in Writing under his Hand to the Maltster whose Corn or Grain making into Malt shall be so charged, if such Copy shall be demanded in Writing by or on behalf of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, notwithstanding such Demand may not be made at the Time of taking such Account.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Regulations re-Act as directs, that there shall be delivered by the proper Officer jatinS to k*«P-of Excise to every Maltster or Maker of Malt a Book prepared

for such Purposes as thereinafter mentioned, called a Barley making^Eotries Book, to be kept in some public and open Part of his or her therein, reentered Premises, for the Inspection of the Officers*of Excise, pealed, together with so much and all such Parts of the said recited Act, and all Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, and Enactments in the said Act contained, which direct or require Entries of Barley received, wetted, or sent out by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or any other Entries, to be made in such Book, or which direct or require any Maltster or Maker of Malt to deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise any Account or Accounts of his or her Stock of Barley, or to level or place the Barley in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or 'Maker of Malt in such Form as may enable the Officers of Excise to gauge and ascertain the Quantity thereof, and which direct, authorize, or reauire any Officer of Excise to take an Account of the Barley in the Stock,

Custody, or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said Act imposed, for any Breach or Neglect of any of the said Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, or Enactments, or for any Excess or Deficiency in any Quantity of Barley in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited provision for Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt, before Notice of w*u beginning to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into tinStComor Malt, shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such re" Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then be, Twenty-four Hours peaA Notice at least in Writing, if the Malthouse of such Maltster or

Maker of Malt shall be situated in any City, or in the Suburbs of any City, or in any Market Town, and Forty-eight Hours Notice at least in Writing, if such Malthouse shall not be so situated, of the Day and particular Hour of the Day when such Maltster or'Maker of Malt intends to wet or steep Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and of the Quantity of Corn or Grain in Bushels to be then wet or steeped; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or shall wet or steep any greater or less Quantity of Corn or Grain (exceeding the Proportion of One in Twenty) than the Quantity of Corn or Grain expressed in such Notice, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not, pursuant to any such Notice as aforesaid, begin to wet or steep the Corn or Grain mentioned in such Notice, and cover the whole thereof with Water, at the Day and Hour mentioned

116

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

24 Hour* Notice to be given of wetting Com at a Malthouse situated in a City or Market Town, and 48 Hours Notice elsewhere.

A Book to be delivered to every Maltster, in which the

in such Notice, or within Three Hours next after the Expiration of such Hour, every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, before he shall begin to wet or steep such Corn or Grain, shall give fresh Notice thereof according to the Provisions of this Act, under pain of such Penalty as last aforesaid: Provided always, that no Maltstfer or Maker of Malt shall be subject to the said last-mentioned Penalty for or by reason of his or her wetting or steeping any less Quantity of Corn or Grain than the Quantity of Corn or Grain expressed in such Notice as aforesaid, if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be prevented from wetting or steeping the Quantity of Corn or Grain expressed in such Notice by want of Barley, and shall give Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise, by entering, with such Wetting or Steeping, in the Barley Book, the Cause and Extent of such Prevention as aforesaid: Provided also, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be subject to the said last-mentioned Penalty for or by reason of his or her wetting or steeping any greater or less Quantity of Corn or Grain exceeding the Proportion aforesaid than the Quantity of Corn or Grain expressed in such Notice as aforesaid, if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall show to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise in Scotland and Ireland respectively, that the same occurred by Accident or Oversight, and without intentional Disregard of any of the Provisions of this Act in that Behalf contained, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt, before beginning to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, shall give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then be. Twenty-four Hours Notice at least in Writing, if the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situated in any City, or any Market Town, or in the Suburbs thereof, and if such Malthouse shall not be so situated, Forty-eight Hours Notice at least in Writing of the Day and particular Hour of the Day when such Maltster or Maker of Malt intends to wet or steep Corn or Grain to be made into Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or shall wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt before the particular Hour specified in such Notice, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not, pursuant to any such Notice as aforesaid, begin to wet or steep the Corn or Grain mentioned in such Notice, and cover the whole thereof with Water, at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or before the Expiration of Three Hours from the Hour mentioned in such Notice, every such Notice shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise, to every Maltster or Maker of Malt, a Book prepared for such Purposes as hereinafter mentioned, to be kept by such Maltster or Maker of Malt in some

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 17. 117

public and open Part of his or her entered Premises, for the Inspection of the Officers of Excise; and every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall, on the same Day on which he shall steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and within Three Hours after any Corn or Grain shall have been covered with water for the Purpose of wetting or steeping the same to be made into Malt, enter in such Book, and in the proper Columns, to be prepared for such Purposes respectively, a true and particular Account of the Quantity in Bushels of the Corn or Grain so wetted or steeped, and shall enter against and immediately opposite to every such Entry the particular Day and Hour of the Day on and at which such Corn or Grain was so wetted or steeped and covered with Water, and shall on the next Survey of the Officer of Excise produce to such Officer the said Book, with the said Entries therein, for his Information; and if any Maltster or Maker of Mali shall not keep such Book, or shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or to produce such Book with suctT Entries therein to the Officer of Excise on his next Survey, or shall convey away or conceal the same, or shall destroy or tear out any Leaf thereof, or cancel, obliterate, destroy, or alter any Entry therein, or make any false Entry therein, or shall refuse to permit any Officer of Excise at any Time to inspect such Book, or to make any Minute therein, or to take any Extract therefrom, as to such Officer shall seem meet, or to remove or take away such Book, leaving a new Book for the like Purpose in hen thereof, or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have wetted or steeped any greater or less Quantity of Corn or Grain than shall be stated in the Entry thereof in the said Book, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds; provided that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be subject to the said Penalty for or by reason of his having steeped or wetted any greater or less Quantity of Corn or Grain than shall be stated in the Entry thereof, if the Quantity wetted shall not be greater or less than the Quantity entered in the Proportion of One Bushel in Twenty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that it shall be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall give such further Notice of his or her Intention to continue the Corn or Grain by him or her to be wet or steeped covered with Water for the Space of Sixty-five Hours, as hereafter mentioned, to begin to wet or steep such Corn or Grain to be made into Malt at any Time between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Eleven of the Clock at Night; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall have given such further Notice as aforesaid, shall begin to wet or steep any such Cora or Grain as aforesaid, to be made into Malt, at any other Time than as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall continue the Cora or Grain by him or her wet or steeped in the Cistern to be made into Malt covered with Water for a Space of

Quantity of Corn wetted is to be entered.

Provision that Maltsters giving Notice to steep for 65 Hours shall begin to wet between 8 in the Evening and 11 at Night, repealed.

Provision that Corn shall be kept in the Cistern not exceeding 55 nor

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

116

less than 40 Hours, repealed.

Provision that Maltsters having given Notice to steep for 65 Hours shall keep Grain in steep for that Time, repealed.

So much of Act as allows Water to be once drained, repealed.

C. 17.

Time not exceeding Fifty-five and not less than Forty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wet or steeped, and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall continue such Corn or Grain, or any Part thereof, covered with Water for any Space of Time exceeding Fifty-five Hours, or shall drain or draw off the Water from any such Corn or Grain before the Expiration of Forty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wet or steeped, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that where any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend to continue the Corn or Grain to be wet or steeped covered with Water for the Space of Sixty-five Hours, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, in the Notice in Writing by him or her required to be given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then be, of the Day and particular Hour of the Day when such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend to wet or steep Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and of the Quantity of Corn or Grain in Bushels to be then wet or steeped, give further Notice that it is his or her Intention to continue the same covered with Water for the Space of Sixty-five Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wet or steeped; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall in such Case continue such Corn or Grain covered with Water for and until the Expiration of Sixty-five Hours as aforesaid; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall have given such further Notice as aforesaid, shall not continue such Corn or Grain covered with Water for and until the Expiration of Sixty-five Hours as aforesaid, or shall continue the same covered with Water for any Time after the Expiration of Sixty-five Hours as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts, that it shall be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, between the First Day of March and the First Day of November in every Year, to drain or draw off the Water once from any Corn or Grain by him or her wet or steeped in the Cistern to be made into Malt, before the Expiration of the Time for which Corn or Grain is by this Act required to be kept covered with Water, without incurring any Penalty for so doing, provided such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, in the Notice by him or her given of his or her Intention to wet or steep such Corn or Grain to be made into Malt by this Act before required, express his or her Intention to drain or draw off the Water from such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, and the particular Day and Hour of the Day, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, when such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend so to do; provided always, that such Corn or Grain be again completely covered with Water before the Expiration of One Hour from the Time of the Water being begun to be drained or drawn off as aforesaid; any

119

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 17.

thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall continue the Corn or Grain by him or her wet or steeped in the Cistern to be made into Malt, covered with Water for a Space of Time not less than Forty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wet or steeped; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall drain or draw off the Water from any such Cora or Grain before the Expiration of Forty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wet or steeped, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt to draw off the Water from any Corn or Grain by him or her wet or steeped in the Cistern to be made into Malt, once during the Time such Corn or Grain shall be continued in steep, although the same shall not then have been covered with Water for the Space of Forty Hours, without any Penalty being incurred for so doing, provided such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, in the Notice by him or her given of his or her Intention to wet or steep Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, by this Act required, express his or her Intention to drain or draw off the Water from such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, and the particular Day and Hour of the Day between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, when such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend so to do: Provided always, that such Corn or Grain be again completely covered with Water before the Expiration of One Hour from the Time of the Water being begun to be drained or drawn off as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that it shall not be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall have given such further Notice of his or her Intention to continue the Corn or Grain by him or her wet or steeped, covered with Water for the Space of Sixty-five Hours, as before mentioned, to empty or take such Corn or Grain, or any Part thereof, from or out of the Cistern, at any other Time than between the Hours of One of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall have given such further Notice as aforesaid, shall empty or take such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, from or out of the Cistern at any other Time than aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by the said recited Act imposed, for or by reason of any Corn or Grain not being at any Time of the Year kept and continued laid in the Count Frame or Frames into which such Corn or Grain shall have been emptied for the Space of Thirty Hours or any longer Period than Twenty-six Hours from the Time of its being emptied from Or out of the Cistern of Cisterns in which the same shall

I 4? have

Maltster to keep the Grain in the Cistern covered with Water for at least 40 Hours.

Wster may be once drained during the steeping, on due Notice having been

given, provided the Com be again covered within an Hour.

Provision that Maltsters, having given Notice to steep for 65 Hours, shall empty their Cistern only between One in the Forenoon snd Four in the Afternoon, repealed.

Com may be emptied from the Couch Frame at the Expiration of 26 Hours, but to be deemed in Couch for SO Hours.

, 120

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

When any Increase shall be found on turning out any Grain from the Couch, such Increase not to be deemed conclusive of treading, unless it shall amount to Six Bushels and One Quarter in every 100 Bushels.

have been wetted or steeped, but all such Corn or Grain shall nevertheless in all Cases where the same shall not have been gauged and taken Account of by the proper Officer of Excise within Twenty-six Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being emptied out of the Cistern or Cisterns, and whilst the same was kept in the Couch Frame, at all Times of the Year, be taken and deemed to be in Couch, and shall be gauged and taken Account of by the Officer of Excise as in Couch for the Space of Thirty Hours from the Time of its being emptied from or out of the Cistern or Cisterns, whether such Corn or Grain shall be continued in the Couch Frame or Frames into which the same shall have been emptied, or shall be removed after the Expiration of the said Twenty-six Hours and before the Expiration of Thirty Hours, from such Couch Frame or Frames, to the Floor.

XVII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act it is lawful (for any Officer of Excise who shall have reason to believe or who shall suspect that the Corn or Grain making into Malt in any Cistern or Couch Frame has been trodden or forced together, and for any Person or Persons in aid and assistance of such Officer, in the Presence of such Maltster or Maker of Malt

or of his Servant, if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present, to turn over all such Corn or Grain, either by throwing all such Corn or Grain from and out of the Cistern or Couch Frame, and returning the same into the Cistern or Couch Frame from which it shall have been thrown, and laying the same level again therein, or by turning over all such Corn or Grain in such Cistern or Couch Frame, and laying the same level again therein, or by throwing out any Part of such Corn or Grain from such Cistern or Couch Frame, and turning over so much thereof as shall be left remaining therein, and returning so much of such Corn or Grain as shall have been thrown out into the Cistern or Couch Frame from which the same shall have been thrown, and laying the whole of such Corn or Grain level again in such Cistern or Couch Frame, as to such Officer shall seem fit; and if any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain after being turned over and laid level again in the Cistern or Couch Frame in any such Manner as aforesaid, over and above the former Gauge in any greater Proportion than that of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels of such Corn or Grain, the Increase so found is in and by the said

recited Act to be deemed conclusive Evidence that such Corn or Grain had been trodden or forced together: And whereas it may happen that when Corn or Grain has been emptied from the Cistern into the Couch Frame more than Twelve Hours the Increase thereof from the Swell may amount to One Bushel in Twenty without Fraud: and it is expedient to alter such Proportion, so far as respects such Corn or Grain in the Couch Frame Be it therefore enacted, That when any Officer of Excise shall in manner authorized by the said recited Act turn over and level again in any Couch Frame any Corn or Grain after the Expiration of Twelve Hours from the Time when such Corn or Grain shall have been emptied from the Cistern or Cisterns into such Couch Frame, and any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain after being turned over aod

C. 17.

121

laid level again in the Couch Frame in any such Manner as aforesaid, over and above the former Gauge, no such Increase shall be deemed conclusive Evidence that such Corn or Grain had been trodden or forced together, unless such Increase shall be in any greater Proportion than Six Bushels and One Quarter of a Bushel in every One hundred Bushels of such Corn or Grain.

XVIII. And whereas in and by the recited Act every Maltster and Maker of Malt is restricted from wetting, watering, or

sprinkling any Corn or Grain making into Malt, before the Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight 1 Hours after the same shall have been emptied or taken from or

out of the Cistern: And whereas it is expedient to allow, under certain Regulations, Maltsters and Makers of Malt to water (and sprinkle Corn or Grain making into Malt before the Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and Eighty-eight Hours; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall have kept and continued any Corn or Grain making into Malt covered with Water in the Cistern for the full Space of Fifty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wetted or steeped, and who shall not at the same Time have in the same Malthouse any other Corn or Grain on the Floor which shall been kept and covered with Water for any less Space than Fifty Hours from the Time of the same being first wet or steeped, to wet, water, or sprinkle any such Corn or Grain at any Time after the Expiration of Eight Days or One hundred and ninety-two Hours after the same shall have been emptied or taken out of the Cistern: Provided always, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt contrary to the Regulations aforesaid shall be subject and liable to the Penalty in and by the said recited Act imposed for wetting, watering, or sprinkling Corn or Grain before the Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render liable any Maltster or Maker of Malt to any Penalty by the said Act imposed for not putting or placing the Sides or outward Edges of any Floor, or any Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt, in straight Lines, as required by the said recited Act, so that all such Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt shall be deposited and left and placed in such Form that they may be conveniently gauged, and that they be levelled as required by the said recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that whenever the Duty upon Malt shall be charged by Gauge of the Corn or Grain taken while the same is in a State of Operation, or in process of making into Malt, such Allowances shall be made upon such Gauges as are hereinafter mentioned; upon every Gauge thereof taken by the Officer of Exercisef in the Cistern wherein the Corn or Grain is wetting or steeping to be made into Malt, or in the Couch Frame into which the Corn or Graio shall have been emptied, during the Period respectively for which Corn or Grain is by this Act before required to be kept and continued iu such Cistern and Couch

Frame

Grain which has been steeped 50 Hours, if there be no other Grain in the House which has been steeped for any less Time, may be sprinkled.

No Penalty for the outward Edges of the Floor not being in straight Lines, if so placed as to be conveniently gauged.

Allowances on charging Mult, repealed.

f Sic.

122

C. 1%

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

t Sic.

Allowances to be made on charging Malt by Gauge.

Frame respectively, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Fifth Part of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge; and upon every Gauge taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain on the Floor, after the Expiration of such Periods of Time respectively as aforesaid, and before the Expiration of Ninety-six Hours from the Time when such Corn or Grain was emptied or taken from or out of the Cistern, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Third Part of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and upon every Gauge after* wards taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain before the same shall be dried off upon and removed from the Kiln, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Half of the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and the Duty of Excise upon Malt, when charged upon the Corn or Grain in a state of Operation, or in process of making into Malt as aforesaid, shall be charged upon the best of the several Gauges so taken as aforesaid, after such Allowances shall have been so made thereon respectively as before mentioned: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take an Account of all the Malt made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the same shall have been taken or thrown off from the Kiln, and whilst the same shall remain in the Custody or Possession of the Maltster or Maker thereof; and if, upon taking such Account as last aforesaid, such Officer shall find the Quantity of Malt so taken Account of to exceed the Quantity before charged with Duty, according to the best Gauge thereof when taken in operation as aforesaid, such Officer shall in every such Case (making an Allowance after the Rate of Eighteen Bushels in every One hundred Bushels of Blown f Malt for Porter) charge the Duty upon all such Excess; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Duty upon Malt shall be charged by Gauge of the Corn or Grain taken whilst the same is in a State of Operation, or in process of making into Malt, such Allowances shall be made upon such Gauges as are hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, upon every Gauge thereof taken by the Officer of Excise in the Cistern wherein the Corn or Grain is wetting or steeping to be made into Malt, during the Time which such Corn or Grain shall be kept and continued in such Cistern, or in the Couch Frame into which such Corn or Grain shall be emptied, or on the Floor, during the Period for which such Corn or Grain is by this Act before required to be kept and continued in such Couch Frame, and directed to be deemed in Couch, and gauged and taken Account of as in such Couch, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of Seventeen Bushels and One Half Bushel in every One hundred Bushels of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge; and upon every Gauge taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain on the Floor after the Expiration of Twenty-six Hours, if such Corn or Grain shall have been previously gauged and taken Account of in the Couch Frame, and if such Cora or Grain shall not have been so previously gauged, then

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 17. 123

after the Expiration of Thirty Hours and before the Expiration of Seventy-two Hours from the Time when such Corn or Grain was emptied or taken from or out of the Cistern, an Allowance shall be made of One Third of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and upon eTery Gauge afterwards taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain before the same shall be dried, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Half of the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and the Duty of Excise on Malt, when charged upon the Cota or Grain in a State of Operation, or in process of making into Malt, as aforesaid, shall be charged on the best of the several Gauges so taken as aforesaid after such Allowances shall have been so made thereon respectively as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as provides and enacts, that whenever any Officer of Excise shall propose to measure or take an Account of Malt, on the same being taken or thrown off from the Kiln, and whilst the same is hot, and contains the Commings or Roots thereof, and is in the same State as the same has been taken or thrown off from the Kiln, such Officer shall in such Account make an Allowance of Twelve per Centum for the Heat, Commings or Roots, and unclean State of such Malt, or shall, at the Election of such Officer, require such Malt to be forthwith screened and cleaned for the Purpose of being measured and taken Account thereof without such Allowance; and in case such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, on such Request of the Officer to screen such Malt, desire Time so to do, it shall be lawful for such Officer to lock up all such Malt in a safe and secure Room, to be provided by such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be entitled to any such Allowance as aforesaid, or to screen such Malt before the same is measured or taken Account of as aforesaid, unless he shall forthwith remove and deposit all such Malt in such Room, and keep the same therein so locked up by the Officer of Excise, safely and securely, and unmixed with any other Malt whatsoever, until such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall give Forty-eight Hours Notice to the proper Officer of Excise to unlock such Room, and shall thereupon screen and clean such Malt for the Purpose of being measured and taken Account of by the Officer, without such Allowance as aforesaid 3 Provided also, that on any Officer taking an Account of the Malt in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, on or after the Tenth Day of October in every Year, as hereinafter mentioned, every such Officer shall make an Allowance to such Maltster or Maker of Malt of One Bushel in Twenty Bushels of such Malt, for any Variation having occurred therein whilst in Stocks; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, monthly and every Month, make a true Entry in Writing of all the Malt by him or her made within such Period as aforesaid, at the Office of Excise within the Limits* whereof such Malt shall

Allowance on unscreened Malt measured from the Kiln, repealed.

Entry required to be made monthly, repealed.

124 *

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

So much of the Act as requires Maltsters to clear off their Duties within 14 Days after Entry, repealed.

So much of 9 G.4. c. 45. as enacts, that all Duty on Malt shall be paid within 14 Days after Entry made, repealed.

have been made; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to make Entry as aforesaid, or shall make any false Entry in that Behalf every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after he or she shall have or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties which shall have been charged upon, and which shall remain unpaid by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or in respect of any Malt by him or her made, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have given, and shall maintain and renew, upon the Death or Insolvency of any Party thereto. Security, approved of by Commissioners of Excise, or the Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties which such Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise or be charged upon and become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt within any Five Months, for the due Payment at the End of every Four Months from the Day on which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, of all such Duties, and Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or be charged on or become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall not have given such Security, or who shall not maintain and renew such Security as aforesaid; shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off such Duties within the Space of Fourteen Days as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt as last aforesaid, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose Double the Sum for which sqch Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off as aforesaid shall amount to, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and to make perpetual, and to extend to the whole of the United Kingdom, certain Provisions contained in several Acts for regulating the Rectification, compounding, dealing in, or retailing of Spirits, and for preventing private Distillation, in Scotland, and to provide for Vie Payment <f the Duty on Malt used in making of Spirits from Malt only, as enacts, that all Duty charged upon or in respect of any Malt which shall be made to be used and consumed only by Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits in Scotland or Ireland, in distilling Low Wines or Spirits made from Malt only, shall be paid and cleared off by the Maltster or Maker of such Malt within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have or ought to have made such Entry, as in the said therein-recited Act is mentioned, whether any Bond or Security for the Payment of such Duties shall or shall not have been given pursuant to the said recited

C. 17.

125

recited Act, on pain that every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit Double the Amount or Sum of such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid within the said Space of Fourteen Dap; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise Officer of Blunder whose Survey any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be, or cise »

any other Officer appointed so to do, shall and he is hereby re- 5etturn, of. quired, from time to time, at the Expiration of every Six Weeks, o^the^St-or at such other Times as the Commissioners of Excise shall *ter every Six direct, to make out and deliver to the Collector of Excise, or to Weeks; the such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall Amount of appoint to receive the same, an Account or Return in Writing of ?"ch ^e!ur" to the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Da]^ unless and for which he shall have become chargeable with Duty, in Security shall such preceding Six Weeks or Period, and of the Duty payable have been thereon; and the Return or Account of such Officer shall be a Pven *

Charge on every such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall pay and clear off the Duty appearing by such Return or Account to have become due and payable within Six Days after such Return or Account shall have been made, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have given and shall maintain, and shall renew from time to time as he may be by the Commissioners of Excise required, or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, to renew the same, Security, approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, by Bond in double the Value of the Duties which such Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise or be charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt within any Eighteen Weeks, for the due Payment at the End of every Eighteen Weeks after such Account or Return as aforesaid shall be made of all such Duties and Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or be charged on or become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall not have given such Security, or who shall not maintain, and renew when required so to do, such Security, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off such Duties within Six Days as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose double the Sum which such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off shall amount to.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Certain Malt-Duty charged upon or in respect of any Malt which shall be in ot" made to be used and consumed only by Distillers or Makers of

Low Wines and Spirits in Scotland or Ireland, in distilling Low t^e j)uty; n $z Wines or Spirits from Malt only, shall be paid and cleared off Days, within the Space of Six Days next after such Account or Return shall have been made as aforesaid, whether any Bond or Security for the Payment of such Duties shall or shall not have been given, on pain that every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit double the Amount or Sum of such Duties so neglected or refund to be paid within the said Space of Six Days.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said

recited Act as directs and requires, that a Book, with proper ficates, repeal/

printed ed.

126

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Provision as to Daily Entries of Malt sent out, repealed.

Provision that Entry shall be made of every Building used by Malt Factors, repealed.

printed Forms and Titles for such Purposes as therein-after mentioned, shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise to every Maltster or Maker of Malt, and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven no Malt exceeding Four Bushels at One Time, or if to a Brewer of Beer for Sale in any Quantity whatsoever, shall be sold, sent out, or delivered without a Certificate, filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms and Titles contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by the Maltster or Maker of Malt selling, sending out, or delivering the same, or by some Person on his Behalf, certifying the Particulars in and by the said recited Act required, together with all other Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, and Enactments in the said recited Act contained, relating to such Books, and to the issuing, delivering, or sending out such Certificates, filling up any Counterparts thereof, or to any Trader or other Person, or delivering such Certificates to any Officer of Excise, or to the Removal of any Malt under or by virtue of any such Certificate, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the Act imposed for any Breach or Neglect of any of the said Provisions, Regulations, Clauses or Enactments relating to the said Book and to such Certificates, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall daily enter in a Book delivered to him or her by the Officer of Excise for that Purpose, the total Quantity of Malt by such Maltster or Maker of Malt sold or sent out during such Day, in Quantities not exceeding Four Bushels at One Time, except to a Brewer of Beer for Sale; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at all Times keep such Book, with all Entries made therein, open and exposed in some entered Building or Place of and belonging to suen Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the Perusal and Inspection of the Officers of Excise, and shall deliver up every such Book as aforesaid to any Officer of Excise demanding the same, and permit him to make any Minute therein, as such Officer shall think fit; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not keep such Book as last aforesaid, or shall not deliver up any such Book to any Officer demanding the same, or permit him to make any Minute therein, or shall convey away or conceal the same, or shall destroy or tear out any Leaf thereof, or cancel, obliterate, destroy, or alter any Entry therein, or make any false Entry therein, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Malt shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Building or Place by him or her intended to be used for the storing or keeping of Malt for Sale, at the nearest Office of Excise; and if any Factor, Dealer in or Seller of Malt, shall use any Building or Place for the storing or keeping of Malt for Sale, without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid, every Factor, Dealer in or Seller of Malt, so offending, shall forfeit and

lose

C. 17.

127

kec the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Building or Place to used without such Entry thereof as aforesaid; and all Malt which shall be found in any such Building or Place shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and requires, that a Book, prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for such Purposes as thereinafter mentioned, shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Ex* cise to every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Malt, and that every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Malt shall make Entries in such Book of all Malt received into his or her Custody, and all Regulations, Directions, and Provinons in the said recited Act relating to such Book or such Entries, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt, within Ten Days after the Tenth Day of October in every Year, shall cast or place all the Malt not then in operation or process of making into Malt, in his or her Custody or Possession, into such level and regular Form as may enable the Officer of Excise conveniently to gauge and ascertain the true Quantity thereof; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to cast or place all or any such Malt as aforesaid, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Person who shall at any Time be found removing or attending and directing the Removal of any Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, shall, upon the Demand of any Officer of Excise, produce such Malt, and the Certificate accompanying, or which shall or ought to have accompanied such Malt on the Removal thereof, to the Officer demanding the same, to be by him examined and inspected, and compared with the Quantity and Quality of the Malt so removing as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons shall, upon the Demand of any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce any such Malt or Certificate as aforesaid, or to suffer or permit such Inspection, Examination, and Compare as aforesaid, or shall hinder or obstruct any Officer of Excise therein, or in the due Execution of his Duty, or of any of the Powers to such Officer by this Act granted, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and in every such Case all such Malt, and the Vessel or Boat, Cart, Carriage, or other Conveyance, Horses or other Cattle, removing or which shall have been used in the Removal of such Malt, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of &ay of the Provisions of the said recited Act by this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to revive or put in force any Provision contained in any former Act or Acts; but

that

Regulations regarding Malt Factors, repealed.

Regulations for taking Stock of Malt, repealed.

Penalty and Forfeiture for removing Malt without Certificate repealed.

Repeal of Provisions of recited Act shall not revive the Provisions of

12fc

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

any former Act

Punishment of Servants offending.

Provision that no Person shall be entitled to Relief for Malt destroyed, unless Notices be given in manner therein

that all such Enactments, Clauses, and Provisions, in any former Act or Acts contained, as are by the said recited Act directly or indirectly repealed, shall and the same are hereby declared to continue repealed, and of no Effect.

XXXV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act Provision

is made for punishing any Workman, Servant, or Labourer employed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall maliciously, and with Intent to injure such Maltster or Maker of Malt, begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be

made into Malt at any other Time than between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the

Afternoon, or empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of

the Cistern at any other Time than between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the After-

noon, or who shall maliciously, and with such Intent as aforesaid,

wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt

before the Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours after the same shall have been emptied or

taken from or out of the Cistern, or mix, either on the Floor or in the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with 1 or amongst any Corn or Grain of another or different Wetting or Steeping: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Provision to other Offences which such Workmen, Servants, or

Labourers may commit Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Workmen, Servant, or Labourer employed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall maliciously, and with Intent to injure such Maltster or Maker of Malt, omit to give any Notice, or to do any Act, Matter, or Thing required by the said recited Act or this Act to be given or done, or shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing prohibited to be done by the said recited Act or this Act, or commit any Offence against any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, whereby such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be injured or damnified, or subjected to any Penalty imposed by the said recited Act or this Act, every <6uch Workman, Servant, and Labourer so offending shall and may be arrested and conveyed before any One Justice of the Peace, and convicted by and before such Justice, and committed to Gaol, and kept to hard Labour, in the Manner directed by and for the Time specified in the said Provision of the said recited Act; and the said Provision is hereby extended to the other Offences against the recited Act and this Act, and made Part of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same was hereby repeated and re-enacted: Provided always, that no such Arrest and Conviction shall take place or be made for any Offence committed by any such Workman, Servant, or Labourer against any Provision of the said recited Act or this Act, after the Expiration of One Month from the Discovery of the Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts, that no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any Relief in such Case as aforesaid, unless a Notice in Writing, describing the Nature, Cause, and Extent of such Accident as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Loss shall have taken place or shall have been first discovered,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & GUL. IV. C. 17.

129

eovered, within Three Days next after the same shall have taken specified, ns place or been so discovered; or unless the Person or Persons pealed, by whom such Loss shall have been sustained, or the Agent of such Person or Persons, shall give or leave Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to apply for such Relief, with the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District where the Quarter Sessions are to be held at which he, she, or they there intend to apply for such Relief, or to the Solicitor of Excise for the summary Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Excise in London, where such Application shall be intended to be made to such Commissioners, Fourteen Days at the least before the Beginning of such Quarter Sessions, or before such Application to such Commissioners; and unless such Person or Persons shall apply for such Relief within One Month after such Accident shall have taken place or have been first discovered, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of such Justices which shall take place after the Expiration of such Month; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person Notice to be or Persons shall be entitled to any Relief under the said recited given on Ap-Act for any Malt destroyed or damaged by Fire or inevitable plication for Accident, unless a Notice in Writing, describing the Nature,

Cause, and Extent of such Accident as aforesaid, shall be de- ^y^ m livered to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Supervisor of damaged. Excise of the District in which such Loss shall have taken place or shall have been first discovered, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have come to the Knowledge of the Person or Persons claiming such Relief; nor unless such Person or Persons, or the Agent of such Person or Persons, shall also give or leave Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to apply for such Relief with the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District where the Quarter Sessions are to be held at which he, she, or they intend to apply for such Relief, or to the Solicitor of Excise for England, where such Application shall be intended to be made to such Commissioners,

Ten Days at the least before the Beginning of such Quarter Sessions, or before such Application to such Commissioners; nor unless such Person or Persons shall also apply for such Relief within Four Calendar Months after such Accident shall have come to his, her, or their Knowledge; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Clauses, Enact- Recited Act to

ments, Provisions, Restrictions, Regulations, Matters, and Things remain in force in the said recited Act contained, not hereby repealed, shall be "<* sad remain in full Force and Effect.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Enactments, Recited Art Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in an Act made and and thh Act to passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, construed intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the tofi^lher' Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout

Great Britain and Ireland, except as the same are hereby expressly' altered or repealed, shall extend and be deemed and construed to' extend to this Act. '

150

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered.

4 G.4. c. 76.

5 G. 4. c. 32.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the passing thereof.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amend-

ing the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, it is provided that if the Church of any Parish, or Chapel of any Chapelry, wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized, be demolished in order to be rebuilt, or be under repair,

1 and on such Account be disused for Public Service, it shall be 1 lawful for the Banns to be proclaimed in a Church or Chapel of any adjoining Parish or Chapelry in which Banns are usually proclaimed, or in any Place within the Limits of the Parish or Chapelry which shall be licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese

for the Performance of Divine Service during the Repair or rebuilding of the Church as aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for amending the Lam respecting the Solemnization <f Marriages in England, '7 it was enacted, that all Marriages which had been theretofore solemnized, or which should be thereafter solemnized, in any Place within the limits of such Parish or Chapelry so licensed as aforesaid for the Performance of Divine Service during the Repair or rebuilding of the Church of any Parish, or Chapel of any Chapelry, wherein Marriages had been usually solemnized, or if no such Place should be so licensed, then in a Church or Chapel of any adjoining Parish or Chapelry in which Banns were usually pro-

claimed, whether by Banns lawfully published in such Church or Chapel, or by Licence lawfully granted, should not have their Validity questioned on account of their having been so solemnized, nor should the Ministers who had so solemnized the same be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censure or to any other Proceeding whatsoever: And whereas the Ministers of certain Parish Churches and Chapels of Chapelries have, during the Repair or rebuilding of such Churches or Chapels, published the Banns of Marriages in some Places within the Limits of their Parishes or Chapelries respectively wherein Divine Service

has been usually performed during the Time of such Repair or rebuilding, but have solemnized the Marriages themselves in the Churches or Chapels of the same or of some adjoining

Parishes or Chapelries: And whereas other Clergymen, during the Time of such Repair or rebuilding, have published Banns of Marriage and solemnized Marriages in Places duly licensed for the Performance of Divine Worship, according to the Forms of the United Church of England and Ireland% within their

respective Parishes or Chapelries, but not licensed specially for

C. 18.

131

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

such Performance during such Time as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the Marriages so solemnized should not on that Account have their Validity questioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages, the Banns whereof have been published in any Place used for the Performance of Divine Service within the Limits of any Parish or Chapelry during the Repairs or rebuilding of the Church or Chapel thereof, which Marriages have been solemnized either in the said Place so used or in the Church or Chapel of the same or of some adjoining Parish or Chapelry during such Repair or rebuilding, shall not have their Validity questioned on account of having been so solemnized.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Church of any Parish or Place, in which Banns of Marriage may be published and Marriages solemnized, shall be pulled down, or be rebuilding or under Repair, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese to order and direct that Banns of Marriage may be published and Marriages solemnized in any consecrated Chapel of such Parish or Place which he shall by Order in Writing direct,

until the Church shall again be opened for the Performance of Divine Service; and during all such Period the said consecrated Chapel shall, for all Purposes relating to the Publication of Banns of Marriage and to the Solemnization of Marriages, be deemed aod taken to be the Church of the Parish, any thing in any Act or Acts fo the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fees in respect thereof shall be applied, during such Period, as the Bishop of the, Diocese shall, with the Consent of the Incumbent, order and direct.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen touching the Validity 1 of Marriages solemnized in Churches which have been made, and constituted the Churches of distinct Parishes, or District

Parishes, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty- eighth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for building

and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous

Parishes; and also of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for build-

ing and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous 1 Parishes: And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removedTherefore be it enacted, That all Marriages which have already been solemnized, or may hereafter be solemnized, in any Church which shall have been made and constituted the Church of a distinct Parish, or of a District Parish as aforesaid, after Consecration thereof and Assignment of a District thereto, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in any Parish Church wherein Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

IV. And whereas, by Error, Banns have Been published, and divers Marriages have been solemnized, in Chapels duly consecrated,

The Validity of Marriages solemnized under the Circumstances herein mentioned, not to be questioned.

During die Time that any Church, &c« is under Repair, the Bishop may direct Banns to be published in any consecrated Chapel of the Parish.

For removing Doubts as to Marriages solemnized in Churches made and constituted under Acts 58 G.S. c. 45. and 59 G.S. c. 134.

26 G.2. c.SS.

The Validity of Marriages so-

C. 1%

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830»

122

t Sic *

Allowance* to be made on charging Malt by Gauge.

Frame respectively, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Fifth Part of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge; and upon every Gauge taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain on the Floor, after the Expiration of such Periods of Time respectively as aforesaid, and before the Expiration of Ninety-six Hours from the Time when such Corn or Grain was emptied or taken from or out of the Cistern, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Third Part of the whole Quantity of the Cora or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and upon every Gauge afterwards taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain before the same shall be dried off upon and removed from the Kiln, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Half of the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and the Duty of Excise upon Malt, when charged upon the Cora or Grain in a state of Operation, or in process of making into Malt as aforesaid, shall be charged upon the best of the several Gauges so taken as aforesaid, after such Allowances shall have been so made thereon respectively as before mentioned: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to take an Account of all the Malt made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the same shall have been taken or thrown off from the Kiln, and whilst the same shall remain in the Custody or Possession of the Maltster or Maker thereof; and if, upon taking such Account as last aforesaid, such Officer shall find the Quantity of Malt so taken Account of to exceed the Quantity before charged with Duty, according to the best Gauge thereof when taken in operation as aforesaid, such Officer shall in every such Case (making an Allowance after the Rate of Eighteen Bushels in every One hundred Bushels of Blown f Malt for Porter) charge the Duty upon all such Excess j any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Duty upon Malt shall he charged by Gauge of the Corn or Grain taken whilst the same is in a State of Operation, or in process of making into Malt, such Allowances shall be made upon such Gauges as are hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, upon every Gauge thereof taken by the Officer of Excise in the Cistern wherein the Cora or Grain is wetting or steeping to be made into Malt, during the Time which such Corn or Grain shall be kept and continued in such Cistern, or in the Couch Frame into which such Corn or Grain shall be emptied, or on the Floor, during the Period for which such Corn or Grain is by this Act before required to be kept and continued in such Couch Frame, and directed to be deemed in Couch, and gauged and taken Account of as in such Couch, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of Seventeen Bushels and One Half Bushel in every One hundred Bushels of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge; and upon every Gauge taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain on the Floor after the Expiration of Twenty-six Hours, if such Corn or Grain shall have been previously gauged and taken Account of in the Couch Frame, and if such Corn or Grain shall not have been so previously gauged* then

C. 17.

123

after the Expiration of Thirty Hours and before the Expiration of Seventy-two Hours from the Time when such Corn or Grain was emptied or taken from or out of the Cistern, an Allowance shall be made of One Third of the whole Quantity of the Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and upon every Gauge afterwards taken by the Officer of Excise of such Corn or Grain before the same shall be dried, an Allowance shall be made by such Officer of One Half of the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so found by such Gauge as last aforesaid; and the Duty of Excise on Malt, when charged upon the Coto or Grain in a State of Operation, or in process of making into Malt, as aforesaid, shall be charged on the best of the several Gauges so taken as aforesaid after such Allowances shall have been so made thereon respectively as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as provides and enacts, that whenever any Officer of Excise shall propose to measure or take an Account of Malt, on the same being taken or thrown off from the Kiln, and whilst the same is hot, and contains the Commings or Roots thereof, and is in the same State as the same has been taken or thrown off from the Kiln, such Officer shall in such Account make an Allowance of Twelve per Centum for the Heat, Commings or Roots, and unclean State of such Malt, or shall, at the Election of such Officer, require such Malt to be forthwith screened and cleaned for the Purpose of being measured and taken Account thereof without such Allowance; and in case such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, on such Request of the Officer to screen such Malt, desire Time so to do, it shall be lawful for such Officer to lock up all such Malt in a safe and secure Room, to be provided by such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be entitled to any such Allowance as aforesaid, or to screen such Malt before the same is measured or taken Account of as aforesaid, unless he shall forthwith remove and deposit all such Malt in such Room, and keep the same therein so locked up by the Officer of Excise, safely and securely, and unmixed with any other Malt whatsoever, until such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall give Forty-eight Hours Notice to the proper Officer of Excise to unlock such Room, and shall thereupon screen and clean such Malt for the Purpose of being measured and taken Account of by the Officer, without such Allowance as aforesaid Provided also, that on any Officer taking an Account of the Malt in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, on or after the Tenth Day of October in every Year, as hereinafter mentioned, every such Officer shall make an Allowance to such Maltster or Maker of Malt of One Bushel in Twenty Bushels of such Malt, for any Variation having occurred therein whilst in Stocks; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, monthly and every Month, make a true Entry in Writing of all the Malt by him or her made within such Period as aforesaid, at the Office of Excise within the Limits'whereof such Malt shall

Allowance on unscreened Malt measured from the Kiln, repealed.

Entry required to be made monthly, repealed.

m

C. 17.

1l* GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

So much of the Act as requires Maltsters to clear off their Duties within 14 Days after Entry, repealed.

So much of 9 G.4. c. 45. as enacts, that all Duty on Malt shall be paid within 14 Days after Entry made, repealed.

have been made; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to make Entry as aforesaid, or shall make any | false Entry in that Behalf every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said. I recited Act as enacts, that every Maltster and Maker of Malt i shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after he or she I shall have or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay i and clear off all the Duties which shall have been charged upon, I and which shall remain unpaid by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or in respect of any Malt by him or her made, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have given, and shall maintain and renew, upon the Death or Insolvency of any Party thereto. Security, approved of by Commissioners of Excise, or the Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties which such Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise or be charged upon and become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt within any Five Months, for the due Payment at the End of every Four Months from the Day on which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, of all such Duties, and Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or be charged on or become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall not have given such Security, or who shall not maintain and renew such Security as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off* such Duties within the Space of Fourteen Days as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt as last aforesaid, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose Double the Sum for which sqch Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off as aforesaid shall amount to, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and to make perpetual, and to extend to the whole of the United Kingdom, certain Provisions contained in several Acts for regulating the Rectification, compounding, dealing in, or retailing of Spirits, and for preventing private Distillation, in Scotland, and to provide for the Payment nf the Duty on Malt used in making of Spirits from Malt only, as enacts, that all Duty charged upon or in respect of any Malt which shall be made to be used and consumed only by Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits in Scotland or Ireland, in distilling Low Wines or Spirits made from Malt only, shall be paid and cleared off by the Maltster or Maker of such Malt within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have or ought to have made such Entry, as in the said therein-recited Act is mentioned, whether any Bond or Security for the Payment of such Duties shall or shall not have been given pursuant to the said

C. 17.

12B

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

recited Act, on pain that every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit Double the Amount or Sum of such Duties so neg* lected or refused to be paid within the said Space of Fourteen Days; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise under whose Survey any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be, or any other Officer appointed so to do, shall and lie is hereby required, from time to time, at the Expiration of every Six Weeks, or at such other Times as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, to make out and deliver to the Collector of Excise, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint to receive the same, an Account or Return in Writing of the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and for which he shall have become chargeable with Duty, in such preceding Six Weeks or Period, and of the Duty payable thereon; and the Return or Account of such Officer shall be a Charge on every such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall pay and clear off the Duty appearing by such Return or Account to have become due and payable within Six Days after such Return or Account shall have been made, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have given and shall maintain, and shall renew from time to time as he may be by the Commissioners of Excise required, or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, to renew the same. Security, approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, by Bond in double the Value of the Duties which such Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise or be charged on and become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt within any Eighteen Weeks, for the due Payment at the End of every Eighteen Weeks after such Account or Return as aforesaid shall be made of all such Duties and Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or be charged on or become due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall not have given such Security, or who shall not maintain, and renew when required so to do, such Security, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off such Duties within Six Days as aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose double the Sum which such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off shall amount to.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Duty charged upon or in respect of any Malt which shall be made to be used and consumed only by Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits in Scotland or Ireland, in distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Malt only, shall be paid and cleared off within the Space of Six Days next after such Account or Return shall have been made as aforesaid, whether any Bond or Security for the Payment of such Duties shall or shall not have been given, on pain that every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit double the Amount or Sum of such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid within the said Space of Six Days.

XXVI1L And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act aa directs and requires, that a Book, with proper

printed

Officer of Excise to make a Return of Duty charged on the Maltster every Six Weeks; the Amount of such Return to be paid in Six Days, unless Security shall have been given.

Certain Maltsters in Scotland and Ireland to clear off the Duty in Six Days.

Regulations relating to Certificates, repealed.

j

126

C. 17.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Provision as to Daily Entries of Malt sent out, repealed.

Provision that Entry shall be made of every Building used by Malt Factors, repealed.

printed Forms and Titles for such Purposes as therein-after mentioned, shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise to every Maltster or Maker of Malt, and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven no Malt exceeding Four Bushels at One Time, or if to a Brewer of Beer for Sale in any Quantity whatsoever, shall be sold, sent out, or delivered without a Certificate, filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms and Titles contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by the Maltster or Maker of Malt selling, sending out, or delivering the same, or by some Person on his Behalf, certifying the Particulars in and by the said recited Act required, together with all other Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, and Enactments in the said rebited Act contained, relating to such Books, and to the issuing, delivering, or sending out such Certificates, filling up any Counterparts thereof, or to any Trader or other Person, or delivering such Certificates to any Officer of Excise, or to the Removal of any Malt under or by virtue of any such Certificate, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the Act imposed for any Breach or Neglect of any of the said Provisions, Regulations, Clauses or Enactments relating to the said Book and to such Certificates, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall daily enter in a Book delivered to him or her by the Officer of Excise for that Purpose, the total Quantity of Malt by such Maltster or Maker of Malt sold or sent out during such Day, in Quantities not exceeding Four Bushels at One Time, except to a Brewer of Beer for Sale; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at all Times keep such Book, with all Entries made therein, open and exposed in some entered Building or Place of and belonging to such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the Perusal and Inspection of the Officers of Excise, and shall deliver up every such Book as aforesaid to any Officer of Excise demanding the same, and permit him to make any Minute therein, as such Officer shall think fit; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not keep such Book as last aforesaid, or shall not deliver up any such Book to any Officer demanding the same, or permit him to make any Minute therein, or shall convey away or conceal the same, or shall destroy or tear out any Leaf thereof, or cancel, obliterate, destroy, or alter any Entry therein, or make any false Entry therein, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Malt shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Building or Place by him or her intended to be used for the storing or keeping of Malt for Sale, at the nearest Office of Excise; and if any Factor, Dealer in or Seller of Malt, shall use any Building or Place for the storing or keeping of Malt for Sale, without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid, every Factor, Dealer in or Seller of Malt, so offending, shall forfeit and

lose

A.D. 1830. no GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 17.

127

toe the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Building or Place so used without such Entry thereof as aforesaid; and ali Malt which shall be found in any such Building or Place shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and requires, that a Book, prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for such Purposes as thereinafter mentioned, shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise to every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Mailt, and that every Factor or Dealer in or Seller of Malt shall make Entries in such Book of all Malt received into his or her Custody, and all Regulations, Directions, and Provisions in the said recited Act relating to such Book or such Entries, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as enacts, that every Maltster or Maker of Malt, within Ten Days after the Tenth Day of October in every Year, shall cast or place all the Malt not then in operation or process of making into Malt, in his or her Custody or Possession, into such level and regular Form as may enable the Officer of Excise conveniently to gauge and ascertain the true Quantity thereof; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to cast or place all or any such Malt as aforesaid, every Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts, that every Person who shall at any Time be found removing or attending and directing the Removal of any Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, shall, upon the Demand of any Officer of Excise, produce such Malt, and the Certificate accompanying, or which shall or ought to have accompanied such Malt on the Removal thereof, to the Officer demanding the same, to be by him examined sod inspected, and compared with the Quantity and Quality of the Malt so removing as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons shall, upon the Demand of any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce any such Malt or Certificate as aforesaid, or to suffer or permit such Inspection, Examination, and Compare as aforesaid, or shall hinder or obstruct any Officer of Excise therein, or in the due Execution of his Duty, or of any of the Powers to such Officer by this Act granted, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and in every such Case all such Malt, sod the Vessel or Boat, Cart, Carriage, or other Conveyance, Horses or other Cattle, removing or which shall have been used is the Removal of such Malt, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of any of the Provisions of the said recited Act by this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to revive or put in force any Provision contained in any former Act or Acts; but

that

Regulations regarding Malt Factors, repealed.

Regulations for taking Stock of Malt, repealed.

Penalty and Forfeiture for removing Malt without Certificate repealed.

Repeal of Provisions of recited Act shall not revive the Provisions of

C. 17f>

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

J2a

any fonner Act.

Punishment of Servants offending.

Provision that no Person shall be entitled to Relief for Malt destroyed, unless Notices be

: n man-in

that all such Enactments, Clauses, and Provisions, in any fonner Act or Acts contained, as are by the said recited Act directly or indirectly repealed, shall and the same are hereby declared to continue repealed, and of no Effect.

XXXV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act Provision

is made for punishing any Workman, Servant, or Labourer ero-

ployed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, c who shall maliciously, and with Intent to injure such Maltster or c Maker of Malt, begin to wet or steep any Corn or Graio to be made into Malt at any other Time than between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the

Afternoon, or empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of

the Cistern at any other Time than between the Hours of Seven *. of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, or who shall maliciously, and with such Intent as aforesaid, wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt

before the Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and

eighty-eight Hours after the same shall have been emptied or taken from or out of the Cistern, or mix, either on the Floor or c in the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with or amongst any Corn or Grain of another or different Wetting or Steeping: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Provision to other Offences which such Workmen, Servants, or Labourers may commit Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Workmen, Servant, or Labourer employed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall maliciously, and with Intent to injure such Maltster or Maker of Malt, omit to give any Notice, or to do any Act, Matter, or Thing required by the said recited Act or this Act to be given or done, or shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing prohibited to be done by the said recited Act or this Act, or commit any Offence against any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, whereby such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be injured or damnified, or subjected to any Penalty imposed by the said recited Act or this Act, every <£uch Workman, Servant, and Labourer so offending shall and may be arrested and conveyed before any One Justice of the Peace, and convicted by and before such Justice, and committed to Gaol, and kept to hard Labour, in the Manner directed by and for the Time specified in the said Provision of the said recited Act; and the said Provision is hereby extended to the other Offences against the recited Act and this Act, and made Part of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same was hereby repeated and re-enacted: Provided always, that no such Arrest and Conviction shall take place or be made for any Offence committed by any such Workman, Servant, or Labourer against any Provision of the said recited Act or this Act, after the Expiration of One Month from the Discovery of the Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides and enacts, that no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any Relief in such Case as aforesaid, unless a Notice in Writing, describing the Nature, Cause, and Extent of such Accident as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Loss shall have taken place or shall have been first discovered,

A.D. 1830.11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.I7-

139

covered, within Three Days next after the same shall have taken place or been so discovered; or unless the Person or Persons by whom such Loss shall have been sustained, or the Agent of such Person or Persons, shall give or leave Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to apply for such Relief, with the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District where the Quarter Sessions are to be held at which he, she, or they there intend to apply for such Relief, or to the Solicitor of Excise for the summary Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Excise in London, where such Application shall be intended to be made to such Commissioners, Fourteen Days at the least before the Beginning of such Quarter Sessions, or before such Application to such Commissioners; and unless such Person or Persons shall apply for such Relief within One Month after such Accident shall have taken place or have been first discovered, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of such Justices which shall take place after the Expiration of such Month; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any Relief under the said recited Act for any Malt destroyed or damaged by Fire or inevitable Accident, unless a Notice in Writing, describing the Nature, Cause, and Extent of such Accident as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Loss shall have taken place or shall have been first discovered, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall have come to the Knowledge of the Person or Persons claiming such Relief; nor unless such Person or Persons, or the Agent of such Person or Persons, shall also give or leave Notice in Writing of his, her, or their .Intention to apply for such Relief with the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District where the Quarter Sessions are to be held at which he, she, or they intend to apply for such Relief, or to the Solicitor of Excise for England, where such Application shall be intended to be made to such Commissioners, Ten Days at the least before the Beginning of such Quarter Sessions, or before such Application to such Commissioners; nor unless such Person or Persons shall also apply for such Relief within Four Calendar Months after such Accident shall have come to his, her, or their Knowledge; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, Regulations, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained, not hereby repealed, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Enactments, Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in an Act made and passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland, except as the same are hereby expressly altered or repealed, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to this Act.

specified, repealed.

Notice to be given on Application for Relief in case of Malt destroyed or damaged.

Recited Act tot remain in force where not repealed.

Recited Act and this Act to be construed together.

ISO

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

err, is.

[Commencement of Act.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the passing thereof.

[Act may be altered.]

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the

4 G.4. c. 76.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, it is provided that if the Church of any Parish, or Chapel

of any Chapelry, wherein Marriages have been usually solemnized, be demolished in order to be rebuilt, or be under repair,

and on such Account be disused for Public Service, it shall be lawful for the Banns to be proclaimed in a Church or Chapel of any adjoining Parish or Chapelry in which Banns are usually proclaimed, or in any Place within the Limits of the Parish or Chapelry which shall be licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese for the Performance of Divine Service during the Repair or rebuilding of the Church as aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

5 G. 4. c. 32. intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled An Act for amending the Lams respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, it was enacted, that

all Marriages which had beeu theretofore solemnized, or which should be thereafter solemnized, in any Place within the Limits of such Parish or Chapelry so licensed as aforesaid for the Performance of Divine Service during the Repair or rebuilding of the Church of any Parish, or Chapel of any Chapelry, wherein Marriages had been usually solemnized, or if no such Place should be so licensed, then in a Church or Chapel of any ad *

joining Parish or Chapelry in which Banns were usually proclaimed, whether by Banns lawfully published in such Church

or Chapel, or by Licence lawfully granted, should not have

their Validity questioned on account of their having been so solemnized, nor should the Ministers who had so solemnized the same be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censure or to any other Proceeding whatsoever: And whereas the Ministers of certain

Parish Churches and Chapels of Chapelries have, during the Repair or rebuilding of such Churches or Chapels, published the Banns of Marriages in some Places within the Limits of their Parishes or Chapelries respectively wherein Divine Service has been usually performed during the Time of such Repair or rebuilding, but have solemnized the Marriages themselves in the Churches or Chapels of the same or of some adjoining Parishes or Chapelries: And whereas other Clergymen, during the Time of such Repair or rebuilding, have published Banns of Marriage and solemnized Marriages in Places duly licensed for the Performance of Divine Worship, according to the Forms of the United Church of England and Ireland, within their respective Parishes or Chapelries, but not licensed specially for

C. 18 *

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

131

such Performance during such Time as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that the Marriages so solemnized should not on that Account have their Validity questioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages, the Banns whereof The Validity of

have been published in any Place used for the Performance of Marriages so-

Divine Service within the Limits of any Parish or Chapelry during If*^ under

the Repairs or rebuilding of the Church or Chapel thereof, which

Marriages have been solemnized either in the said Place so used menttoned7not

or in the Church or Chapel of the same or of some adjoining to be question-

Parish or Chapelry during such Repair or rebuilding, shall not «d.

have their Validity questioned on account of having been so solemnized.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the During the Church of any Parish or Place, in which Banns of Marriage may be Time that any published and Marriages solemnized, shall be pulled down, or be Churd^&c. is rebuilding or under Repair, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese to order and direct that Banns of Marriage may be pub- moy lished and Marriages solemnized in any consecrated Chapel of Banns to be such Parish or Place which he shall by Order in Writing direct, published in "until the Church shall a^ain be opened for the Performance of Divine Service; and during all such Period the said consecrated i£ih7 Chapel shall, for all Purposes relating to the Publication of Banns of Marriage and to the Solemnization of Marriages, be deemed and taken to be the Church of the Parish, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fees in respect thereof shall be applied, during such Period, as the Bishop of the

Diocese shall, with the Consent of the Incumbent, order and direct.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen touching the Validity For removing of Marriages solemnized in Churches which have been made Doubts as to

and constituted the Churches of distinct Parishes, or District Marriages ao-

Parishes, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty- ia

eighth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for building con.

and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous idtuted under Parishes; and also of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of Acte 58 G.3.

His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more c«45* "d 4 effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for build- 59 G*3, c*184 *

ing and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous

Parishes; And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Therefore be it enacted, That all Marriages which have already been solemnized, or may hereafter be solemnized, in any Church which shall have been made and constituted the Church of a distinct Parish, or of a District Parish as aforesaid, after Consecration thereof and Assignment of a District thereto, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in any Parish Church wherein Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act 26 G.2. c. 38. for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

IV. And whereas, by Error, Banns have been published, and The Validity of divers Marriages have been solemnized, in Chapels duly consecrated,

Marriages so-

i

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

lenmiied in certain Chapels not to be questioned;

nor Marriages solemnised in Chapels, the Consecration of which may be doubted.

58 G.S. c. 47.

Presentments, not exceeding double the Amount of the Subscriptions, &c. may be made by Grand Juries in Ireland for any - Hospital,

C. 18, 19.

but in which Chapels Banns cannot be legally published,

nor Marriages by Law be solemnized; and it is expedient to

remove all Doubts arising from the Circumstances aforesaid

touching the due Publication of such Banns and the Validity of such Marriages; Therefore be it enacted, That all Banns already published, and all Marriages already solemnized, in such Chapels as aforesaid, shall not hereafter be questioned on account of the said Banns having been published, or the said Marriages. solemnized, in a Chapel not legally authorized for the Publication of Banns and the Solemnization of Marriages r Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the Publication of Banns or the Solemn-ization of Marriages in such Chapels hereafter.

V. And whereas divers Marriages have taken place in Chapels supposed to be consecrated, the Consecration of which Chapels,

however, cannot be proved, and may be doubted: And whereas

it is expedient that all Apprehensions touching the Validity of such Marriages, on this Account, should entirely be removed; Be it therefore enacted, That the Validity of such Marriages, shall not hereafter be questioned on account of the Uncertainty respecting the Consecration of such Chapels.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to extend the Powers of Grand Juries in the Execution of an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for establishing Fever Hospitals in Ireland.

[29th May 1880.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for the Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland, it is enacted and provided, that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to present certain Sums of Money for the Support of certain Fever Hospitals mentioned, specified, or described in the said Act; and it is expedient that the Powers of such Grand Juries should be extended in favour of any Fever Hospital or House of Recovery which may have been established at any Time before the passing of the said Act, although such Fever Hospital or House of Recovery may not come within any of the Descriptions or Definitions in the said Act contained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, or of the County of the City of Dublin, or of any other County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to present to be raised in any such County at large, or County of a City or Town at any Assizes or Presenting Term for such County, County of a City or Town, any Sum not exceeding double the Amount of the Sum or Sums raised by Donation or Subscription for the Support of any Fever

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

183

C. 19, 20.

Hospital or House of Recovery within such County, or County although esta-of a City or Town, and actually received by the Treasurer thereof Wished before in the Year preceding such Assizes or Presenting Term, to be *h* passing of applied, together with the Monies so raised by private Donation rec, ted AcU or Subscription, in the Support of any such Fever Hospital or House of Recovery, although such Fever Hospital or House of Recovery may have been established in such County, County of a City or Town, at any Time before the passing of the said recited Act; and any such Sum so presented shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner to all Intents and Purposes as any Sum presented under the said recited Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

[29th May 1380.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to revise, amend, and reduce into One Act the Laws relating to the Payment of Wages and other Monies payable in respect of Services done on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of an Repeal of Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty J G. l. c. 25. King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent Disturbances by *n P*rt» Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesty's Royal Navy; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Stores of War,

and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages; and for reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, as relates to the Punishment of Persons who shall counterfeit the Hands of the Treasurer, Comptroller, Clerk of the Acts, Surveyor or Commissioners of the Navy, or of the signing or vouching Officers of His Majesty's Navy,

Ships, or Yards, to any Bill, Ticket, or other Papers; and also an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late,

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the En- *" q c sg# couragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier managing His Majesty's Fleet; and also an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen 31 g. 2. c. 10. employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in g2 G. S. c. 23* the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

32 G. 3. c. 67.

35 G. 3. c. 28. 35 G.3. c. 94.

35 G. 3. c. 95. 37 G.3. c. 53.

46 G. 3. c. 127.

49 G.3. c. 45. 49 G.S. c* 108.

53 G. 3. c. 85.

for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Noncommissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving or toho may have served on board any of His Majesty's Skips; and an Act passed in the said Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officer* Qnd Seamen, Noncommissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving or who may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships, and residing in Ireland; and Two Acts passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, the one intituled An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Payfor the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, and the other intituled An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy; and an Act passed in the same Thirty-hfth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; and an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for carrying into execution His Majesty's Order in Council of the Third Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and Provision to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, and to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as enables Petty Officers and Seamen Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their Payfor the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or Mothers; and an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and extend the Ben fits of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines setving in His Majesty's Navy to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; and Two Acts passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, the one intituled An Act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compassionate List of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines, and the other intituled An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy; and ait Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending Two Acts passed in me Thirty first and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen Employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign

c. 2 a

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. iy.

of his said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the same; and an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Adfor enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy, and their Representatives, to draw for and receive their Half Pay, and for transferring the Duty of making certain Payments from the Clerks of the Checque at Hu Majesty's Dock Yards to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy at the same Yards; and an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy in certain Cases therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents; and an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Payment by Remittance Bill of the Wages of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines in the Royal Navy, and for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines in His Majesty's Navy; and an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Payment of the Crews of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels; and an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing several Acts relating to the Charity for the Relief ofpoor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers in the Royal Navy, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof; shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always nevertheless, that all Acts, Matters, and Things done previously to the Commencement of the Operation of this Act, in pursuance of any of the said Acts hereby repealed, and all Regulations and Provisions relating thereto, shall continue to be as good, valid, binding, and effectual as if the said Acts and every of them still continued in full force; provided also, that all Offences committed before the Commencement of this Act against the Provisions of any of the said Acts shall be cognizable and punishable under the said Acts as if the same had not been repealed; and provided likewise, that the Repeal of the said Acts by this present Act shall not extend to revive the Provisions of any former Acts which were altered or repealed by any of the said recited Acts so hereby repealed.

H. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Seaman or able-body Landman shall voluntarily enter his Name with any Officer of the Royal Navy authorized to receive Volunteers, in order to serve on board any Ship of His Majesty, such Officer shall make out and deliver to him gratuitously a Certificate of the Date of such Entry; and if such Volunteer shall forthwith proceed towards the Ship for which he shall have so entered, or on

ISi

55 6. S. c. 5a

56 G.S. c. 101.

57 G.S. c. 20.

59 G.S. c. 119.

1 ft 2 G. 4.

c. 49.

6G.4.C. 18.

10 G.4. c. 14.

Proviso for dl Matters done, and Offences committed, previously hereto.

This Act not to revive any former Act.

Volunteers to receive Certificates to entitle them to Wages, Conduct Money, and Two Months Advance.

J

C. so-

il0 GEO. IV- & 1° GUL.IV. A.D. 1830.

Admiralty may order Ad-Taoce in certain Cases.

Monthly Pay.

board the nearest receiving Ship to the Place of his Entry, and make his personal Appearance on board the same within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date of such Certificate, including the Day of the Date thereof, provided the Place of his Entry be not above One hundred Miles distant from such Ship, or within the Space of Thirty Days if the Place of Entry be above Two hundred Miles distant, every such Volunteer shall be entitled to Wages from the Time of such Entry, including the Day of the Date thereof, and shall also be allowed Conduct Money after the usual Rate, and shall be paid an Advance of Two Months Wages, at the first fitting out of the Ship in which he shall be appointed to serve as Part of the Complement or as a Supernumerary for Wages, before such Ship shall proceed to Sea; and every Seaman and able-bodied Landman who shall be entered on the Books of any Ship of His Majesty as a Supernumerary, and who at the Time of such Entry shall not belong to or be borne for Wages on the Books of any other Ship, shall be borne for and entitled to Wages on the Books of the first Ship in which he shall serve as Part of the Complement thereof or as a Supernumerary for Wages: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the Time being, in Cases where they shall see necessary, to authorize the Payment from Time to Time of such Advance to Supernumeraries and others who may have entered themselves for His Majesty's Naval Service, after the Ship on board which they shall be serving shall have proceeded to Sea; and in case, through urgent Necessity of the public Service, the Ship shall have proceeded to Sea before Payment of the Advance can have been conveniently made, then the same shall be paid as soon as may be on the Ship's Arrival in any Port where there shall be an Establishment of Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy.

III. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, under such Authority as His Majesty in Council hath been or shall be pleased to direct, a certain Portion of the Pay due to such Warrant and Petty Officers (not entitled to draw Bills for their Pay as hereinafter provided), and also to such Seamen and others as may be desirous of receiving it, shall be issued to them at the Expiration of every Month, or as soon after as the Convenience of the Service will admit, on the Ship's Arrival, at home or abroad, where Money can be procured, in such Proportions per Month as hath been.or shall be for that Purpose directed by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being; and to this end the Captain shall make out a complete List of the Names of the Men, with their respective Numbers on the Ship's Books, who shall be so desirous of receiving a Portion of their Pay, and who shall be actually on board at the Time of making out such List, which shall be signed by the Captain and proper signing Officers of the Ship; and that the Purser shall then draw, for the Amount of the said Portion of Pay so to be issued, a Bill of Exchange at Three Days Sight upon the Commissioners of the Navy, in the accustomed Form, or such other Form as shall be for that Purpose supplied to the Ship, which Bill shall be certified by the Captain,

AJJ.1830. 11° GEO. IV. &. 1° GUL. IV. C. 20. 137

and shall be, when presented at the Navy Office, assigned for Payment to be made by the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Amount thereof shall be charged against the Purser; and so soon as Cash shall have been obtained by the Purser by the Negotiation of such Bill, the allowed Portion of the Pay shall be paid by the

Purser to the Parties, in the Presence of the Captain and a

Commission or Warrant Officer entitled to draw Bills, each of whom, with the Purser, shall certify the Payment on the List; and the Captain shall, by the first safe and convenient Opportunity after such Payment, transmit the said List to the Commissioners of the Navy; and the Captain and Purser shall likewise certify at the End of each Muster Book the full Amount, in Words at Length, of the Monies which shall have been so paid during

the exact Period of Time of such Book, and that the several

Sums so paid have been therein duly charged against the respective Persons so paid; and in case there shall be any Balance of Money left in the Purser's Hands, he shall give Credit for the Amount in the next Bill to be drawn by him for monthly Payments, so that he shall not be at liberty to draw for more than what, including such Balance and any Premium to be obtained on the Bill, shall be sufficient to answer the next monthly Payment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Person shall Absent Men. be absent with sufficient Cause at the Time of such Payment, his

Name, on his return to the Ship, shall be subjoined to the next Lists to be made out, in which the Cause and Dates of his Absence and Return shall be specified; and in case any Individual shall be discharged to another Ship, being then entitled to any Payment not made, the Captain of the Ship he leaves shall give him a Certificate specifying his Rating and the Time for which he shall be entitled to such Portion of Pay, which shall be paid to him at the next Payment to be made to the Crew of the Ship to which he shall be discharged.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of any such Pay- Payments ment being made on board a Ship which shall not have a Purser when no Pur. on board, the Commanding Officer shall act as and be deemed to Ber is on boardt be the Purser for all the Purposes of such Payments; and in such

Case the Payment shall be made by him in the Presence of any other Commissioned Officer of the Ship and One Warrant Officer, or if there shall be no other Commissioned Officer, then in the Presence of| any Two Warrant Officers, who shall certify and attest the Lists in the Manner before required.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the Foot of each Bill the Premium on Course of Exchange shall be truly certified by Two resident Bills. Merchants at the Place where the Bill shall be drawn; and the

Purser or Commanding Officer, as the Case may be, shall debit himself and be charged with any Premium which such Bills may bear, as Part of the Balance remaining on hand at the Conclusion of each Payment; and in case the Bill shall be at a Discount, he shall add the Discount to the Amount of the Bill to be drawn, which Discount shall be allowed in his Accounts, if the Amount be truly certified at the Foot of such Bill: Provided nevertheless, Naval Officer that if the said Bills shall be drawn at any Port within the Foreign or Treasurer's or Colonial Territories of Great Britain where there shall be a CJ^ks to cash

C. 20.

ir GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Men turned over to be pod by Pay list*.

No Person to be rated lower when turned over.

Foreign Remove Ticket.

Sick Ticket to be sent with Men sent to Sick Quarters.

resident Naval Officer, such Naval Officer is hereby enjoined and directed to give Cash for the Amount of such Bills at Par, upon which no Premium or Discount shall be charged or taken; and in case he shall not have sufficient Cash in hand for the Purpose, he shall certify the same by Indorsement on such Bill; or if the Ship shall be at a Port where there shall be an Establishment of Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy, the Bill to be drawn, certified, and attested as aforesaid, shall be cashed by such Clerks out of the public Monies in their Hands, and the Amount thereof charged against the Drawer in manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be turned over from one Ship to another, in any Port of the United Kingdom or on the Coast thereof, he shall on the Arrival of the Ship to which he shall be removed at any Port where there shall be an Establishment of Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy, and before such Ship shall proceed to Sea, be paid all the Wages due to him upon or by Pay Lists (being Extracts from the Muster Books in the Form heretofore accustomed, or in such other Form as shall be found requisite, and as shall be directed by due Authority,) made out and signed by the Captain and proper signing Officers of the Ship from which he shall be turned over, save and except in urgent Cases, when the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being shall otherwise direct, and in such Cases he shall be paid whenever the Ship shall return to any Port where there shall be a Commissioner or other authorized Officer of the Navy to controul such Payment: Provided always, that no Petty Officer or Seaman who shall be turned over from one Ship to another shall be rated in a lower Degree than that in which he was rated in the Books of his former Ship.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Ship to which any Person shall be so turned over shall be then abroad, the Captain shall, previous to his Removal, cause to be made out in the usual Form, or in such other Form as shall be authorized by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, a Ticket, to be called a Foreign Remove Ticket, containing the Name, Age, Stature, and Complexion of the Party, the Date of his Entry and Discharge, his Number on the Ship's Books, the Particulars of all Slops and other Charges against his Wages, (the total Amount of which shall be written in Words at Length,) and the Name of the Ship to which he shall be so turned over, which Ticket shall be signed by the Captain and the other proper signing Officers of the Ship, and then be delivered to the Party, to enable him to receive Payment of his Wages conformably with the established Regulations of the Navy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be sent sick to any Hospital or Sick Quarters at home or abroad, a Ticket, to be called a Sick Ticket, shall in like Manner be made out by the Captain and sent with him, which, in addition to the Particulars to be contained in the Foreign Remove Ticket, shall describe the different Effects which shall be sent with him, and his Disorder or Infirmity, and shall be addressed to the Surgeon or Agent at such Hospital or Sick

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

199

Quarters; and upon his being thence discharged back to his own Ship, he shall leave the Ticket with the said Surgeon or Agent; but if discharged to any other Ship not to rejoin his own Ship, the said Ticket shall be sent with him, and be paid conformably with the established Regulations of the Navy; and in case he shall be discharged from the said Hospital or Sick Quarters as unserviceable, a Certificate of his Discharge shall be delivered to him with the said Sick Ticket, to enable him to receive his Wages, and in the meantime he shall be maintained and subsisted either in such Hospital or on board some Ship of His Majesty, or otherwise, as shall be found convenient: Provided always, that all Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines who shall be wounded in Action with the Enemy shall receive the full Amount of their Wages and Allowances until their Wounds shall be healed, or, if declared incurable, until they shall receive a Pension or be admitted into the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; but no other Petty Officers, Seamen, or Marines who shall be discharged from Hospitals or Sick Quarters at home, either to a Ship or from the Service, shall be allowed Wages for more than Thirty Days of the Time they shall remain in such Hospital or Sick Quarters.

X. And be it further enacted, That when a Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall, by Wounds or Infirmity, be disabled or rendered unserviceable, the Captain shall represent the same to the Commander in-chief or senior Officer, who shall cause the same to be inquired into by a Survey, according to the Practice of tire Navy; and if, upon such Survey, such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be found unfit for further Service, he shall be discharged, and the Captain shall thereupon make out and sign in the usual and authorized Form a Ticket, to be called an Unserviceable Ticket, for the Wages due to such unserviceable Man; or if the Ship shall not be in any Port of Great Britain$ nor on the Coast thereof, and shall not belong to any Squadron of Ships, or shall be separated from the Commander-in-chief of any Squadron to which such Ship shall belong, then the Captain, being upon the usual Survey, satisfied of such Disability, shall discharge such Person, and shall make out such Ticket as aforesaid, which he shall sign and cause to be signed by the proper signing Officers, and then deliver to him, together with a Certificate of his Discharge, containing a Description of his Person, to enable him to receive his Wages: Provided always, that every such Person so discharged unserviceable (if discharged abroad), and being sent on board any other of His Majesty's Ships for a Passage home, shall be borne on the Books of such Ship for Wages and Victuals to the Date of her Arrival at any Port of Great Britain where there is a resident Commissioner of the Navy; and until the Payment of his Wages he shall be subsisted in some One of His Majesty's Ships either in Commission or in Ordinary, or at the nearest Naval Hospital, as shall be found most convenient.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be no Opportunity of a Passage by a King's Ship, every Man so discharged abroad, either from a Ship or from any Hospital or Sick Quarters, shall be sent home by the first Convenience of a Merchant Vessel, the Master of which is hereby required to afford a Passage to and subsist all such Men, not exceeding Four Men

Wounded Men to receive Pky till cured or pensioned.

Discharge of unserviceable Men.

Passage Home for unserviceable Men.

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

140

for every One hundred Tons Burthen of his Ship, for which such Allowance per Day shall be made as shall be authorized by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, except in Cases when the Man so discharged shall perform the Duty of One of the Crew of the Vessel, and for which he may be entitled to receive Wages from the Owner; and if he shall not have received or be entitled to any Wages or Consideration for Services on board thereof, the Master of such Vessel is hereby required to make out and deliver to him a Certificate to that Effect, specifying the Day of his Entry on board the Vessel and of his Arrival in England, to entitle him to receive Wages to that Period as an Invalid; and every Master who shall refuse to afford a Passage to and subsist, or to furnish such Certificate to, any such discharged Man, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds in respect of each and every such Man whom he shall refuse to afford a Passage to, subsist, or furnish a Certificate to as aforesaid; and every Collector of the Customs or Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom, where there shall be no Commissioner of the Navy, upon the Application of any such discharged Person, and on the Production of his Ticket and Certificate of Discharge, and also (in case he shall have received no Wages or other Consideration for his Services in any Vessel on board which he shall have arrived) of a Certificate to that Effect from the Master of the Vessel, shall and he is hereby required to receive such Ticket and Certificate, and shall require from the Master of the Vessel in which the Party shall have come home, or from some respectable Inhabitant of the Place, a Certificate of the Identity of the Party, and being satisfied in every respect shall give such Party a Receipt for the Ticket and Certificate, and transmit the same forthwith, with the Party's Address, to the Commissioners of the Navy, in order that when due Examination shall have been made therein a Remittance Bill, as hereinafter mentioned, may be forwarded to such discharged Person, to enable him to receive the Wages due to him.

Dead Ticket. 3III. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall die in the Service of His Majesty, the Captain of the Ship to which he shall belong shall thereupon make out a Ticket in the usual and authorized Form, to be called a Dead Ticket, for the Wages due to the Deceased for his Service on board the same, which Ticket, after having been signed by the Captain and the proper signing Officers of the Ship, shall be transmitted by the Captain to the Commissioners of the Navy, in order that Payment thereof may be made to the legal Repre-

Clothes of deceased Men.

sentative of the Deceased; and if the Deceased shall have left on

board the Ship any Clothes or other Effects, a List shall be made thereof by the Purser, and the Captain shall cause the same to be publicly sold at the Mast, under the Inspection of the Purser, as soon as may be thereafter, and the Sums for which the same shall be sold shall be charged in the Ship's Books against the Wages of the respective Purchasers, but no Person shall be allowed to purchase beyond the Amount of the net Wages then due to him; and the Purser shall make out an Account specifying the Articles sold, the Names of the Purchasers, and the

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

Prices at which they were purchased, which Account shall be signed by the Captain and Purser, and be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, annexed to the Dead Ticket herein-before mentioned; and in case the Deceased shall not have left any Clothes or Effects, the Captain shall certify on the Dead Ticket to that Effect; and in consideration of the Allowance made by the established Regulations of the Navy to the Purser for his Trouble in the Disposition of the Effects, he shall be held responsible, as well to the Public as to the Representatives of the Deceased, and be answerable out of his Pay and Allowances for any Omision, Error, or Loss that shall arise through his Neglect; Provided always, that nothing herein contained snail extend to exempt the Captain from any Liability or Responsibility to which he may by this Act, or by the Regulations of His Majesty's Naval Service, be subject, for Errors in Tickets, Certificates, or other Documents issued by him or under his Authority.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be promoted abroad to any Rank above the Rank of Petty or Non-commissioned Officer, the Captain shall cause to be made out and delivered to him a Ticket in the usual and authorized Form, to be called a Promotion Ticket, for the Wages due to him, certifying that he has been actually promoted to the Station therein mentioned, which Ticket shall consist of the same Particulars as are prescribed in regard to Foreign Remove Tickets, and shall be transferable by Indorsement of the Party in whose Favour it is made out, and shall be payable to the Indorsee thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Ticket herein directed to be made out, save and except the Promotion Ticket, shall be saleable or transferable on any account, but shall, after having been examined at the Navy Office with the Muster Book of the Ship or other Returns, if received, be paid to the Party only to whom the same is made out; provided the Commissioners of the Navy shall be satisfied that the Ticket is genuine, and that the Party presenting the same is the identical Person to whom it is made out.

XV. And be it enacted, That all Tickets, Certificates, Pay Lists, and other Vouchers for Wages to be made out as aforesaid, shall be in the Forms heretofore established and now in use in His Majesty's Naval Service, or in such other Forms as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or, under their Authority, the Commissioners of the Navy, shall from Time to Time authorize; and if any Officer or other Person shall make out, sign, or issue any Ticket, Certificate, Pay List, or other Voucher or Document for Wages, other than in the Form and under the Regulations herein prescribed, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and if* belonging to His Majesty's Naval Service shall moreover be liable to such Punishment and Forfeiture of Wages as a Court-martial shall adjudge.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Ticket herein directed to be made out (except a Promotion Ticket) shall happen to be lost or destroyed, or if the Party to whom the same shall be payable shall not appear in Person and

1*1

Promotion

Ticket.

No Ticket except the Promotion Ticket to be transferable.

Forms of Tickets, &c.

Penalty for issuing Tickets contrary to the Act

In case of Ticket being lost or not paid.

C. 20i

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Payment not to be delayed for Want of Books.

Officer to be responsible for Errors.

Regulations as to Payment of Ships.

Payment at Ports where

present the same as aforesaid, or if the Wages due thereon shall not e paid before the general Payment of the Ship's Company, then and in any such Case all such Wages shall become payable to the Party, his Executors or Administrators, in the same Manner as if such Ticket had not been made out; and such Ticket, if the same shall be forthcoming, shall be cancelled.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Muster or Pay Books of any Ship shall not have been regularly transmitted to or received by the Commissioners of the Navy, yet Payment of the Tickets, Certificates, or Pay Lists before mentioned shall not on that Account be delayed; and in case any Error to the Detriment of the public Treasure shall be made on any Ticket, Certificate, or List directed by this Act to be made out, the Amount of the Loss (if any) arising thereby shall be made good out of any Wages or Pay due or to grow due to the Officer by whom or under whose Directions the same shall have been made out; and the Purser, in case he shall have signed the same, shall be disallowed the Amount of Slops and other Charges for which he is responsible.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of all Supplies to be granted by Parliament for Naval Services, the necessary Sums of Money shall first be appropriated, issued, and applied for the regular and punctual Payment of the Wages and Pay of the Officers and Seamen of the Royal Navy, in manner following; (that is to say,) that when any of His Majesty's Ships shall have been in Sea Pay Twelve Calendar Months or more, and shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, the Captain of such Ship shall cause to be made out the requisite perfect Pay Book or Books, with an alphabetical Index to each, and an open List for the whole of the Officers and Crew thereof, for all the Time the Ship shall have been in Sea Pay and unpaid, except for the Period of the last Six Calendar Months, up to the Commencement of which last-mentioned Period the Wages due are hereby intended to be cleared, and shall forthwith transmit to the Navy Board such Pay Books, Indexes, and open Lists, with a Slop Book; and so soon as such Ship shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, and so soon as Money shall have been issued for the Payment of the Ship, and the said Books shall have been pre-

?ared and transmitted to the Navy Office, and duly examined for which sufficient Time shall be allowed), the Commissioners of the Navy shall cause Payment to be made of all the Wages due on the said Pay Books, abating therefrom whatever Charges shall stand in the said Books against any of the Officers and Crew, either in respect of Advance, Slops, Tobacco, or other Things, or on account of Desertion, Absence from the Ship, or of any Defalcation whatsoever, leaving always Six Months Wages in arrear and unpaid over and above the Wages accruing to the Time during which the said Books shall have been preparing and examining; and whenever any Ship shall return Home in order to be laid up, all the Wages due for such Ship shall be entirely paid off as soon afterwards as may be.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 2.

143

isg the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, if they should deem it expedient so to do, to cause any of His Majesty's Ships to be paid at a Port where there shall not be any Commissioner of the Navy resident, and in every such Case the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy shall, upon receiving Directions in Writing for that Purpose, take the necessary Steps for causing Payment to be made accordingly by the Clerks to the Treasurer of the Navy, in the usual Manner, in the Presence of a Commissioner of the Navy to be sent thither, or in the Presence of an Officer of the Navy not under the Rank of Commander, to be appointed by the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral to superintend and controul such Payment; and that all Payments made in the Presence and under the Superintendence of such Officer of the Navy shall be held as good and valid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in'Cases where Petty Officers, Seamen, or Marines may happen to be absent, either upon Duty or sick, or with Leave of the Commanding Officer, at the Time of the Payment of the Ship, the Commissioners of the Navy, upon Application from any such Person so absent and then being in His Majesty's Service, or from his Captain, in case the Ship shall be in any Port where a Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, shall cause the Pay Books of such Ship, or Extracts there* from for such Persons, to be forwarded without Delay to the Commissioner of the Navy at the Port where such Ship shall be, in order that Payment may be forthwith made to him thereon.

XXI. And whereas it may he expedient to pay the Crews of

Ships on their Arrival in Port, or previous to sailing from thence, under Circumstances which will not admit of the Delay which

must necessarily occur in previously sending the Pay Books to

the Navy Office to be examined Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of 'His Majesty's Navy, in Cases of Urgency, as they shall see necessary, to cause Payment to be made upon such Books without the previous Examination thereof as aforesaid; but it is nevertheless hereby required and directed that the said Books shall, immediately after Payment shall have been so made thereon, be transmitted to the Navy Office, for the Purpose of undergoing the necessary Examination and Adjustment, and in order that any Charges omitted to be made, or any Over-payments that may have occurred thereon, may be set off or abated or recovered at the first Opportunity from the Arrears of Wages or growing Wages of the Men in respect of whom such Omissions or Over-payments may have taken place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall desert from His Majesty's Service, he shall thereby Jose and forfeit all Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, Benefits, and Advantages to which he would otherwise have been entitled, as well in respect of his Services in the Ship from which he shall have deserted, as of those in all former Ships in which he zna y have served; and no Person against whose Name the* Letter (Rf) shall be placed in the Muster Book of the Ship as denoting a Deserter shall, while such (R) so remains, be entitled to receive hi/s Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances: Provided always, that

i

there is no

Atto Semen besot whan a

Ship is paid.

In urgent dues Payment may be made before Pay Books are examined.

Deserters to forfeit their Wages.

144

C. 20.

. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Admiralty may authorize the Payment of Wages in certain Cases.

Officers on Appointment to receive Arrears of Half Pay;

and Three Months Full Pay in advance.

Proviso as to Officers again put on Half P»y.

Officers, not having Accounts to pass, allowed to draw Bills for Full Pay.

Certain Officers to draw for 3-4tbs only.

As to Petty Officers.

that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in such Cases as they shall deem fit, to order the (R) placed against the Deserter's Name in the Books of the Ship to be removed, and to authorize the Payment of the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances due to him.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commission or Warrant Officer, on being appointed to any Ship of His Majesty in Commission, he being entitled to Half Pay, and there being no Imprest standing against him, upon Application to the Commissioners of the Navy, and on the Production of the Affidavit usually required from Half Pay Officers, and a Certificate of the Date of his commencing Sea Pay, to receive the Arrears of Half Pay which may be due to him up to that Date; and every such Officer who shall.have been on Half Pay for Three Months next before his Appointment to any Ship, and shall have no Imprest outstanding against him, shall, on joining his Ship, upon like Application to the said Commissioners, be entitled to receive the Amount of Three Months personal Sea Pay in advance: Provided always, that in case any such Officer shall be again put on Half Pay, from any Cause whatever, before the Expiration of Three Lunar Months from the Time of such Appointment to a Ship, the Amount of the Three Months Wages so paid to him in advance, or for such Part of the Time as he shall not serve, shall be placed as an Imprest against his future Half Pay.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Flag Officer, Commission Officer, Master, (such Commission Officer or Master not being in the Command of a Ship, or not having Accounts to pass,) Secretary to a Flag Officer or Commodore, Physician, Chaplain, Second Master, and Assistant Surgeon (not acting as Surgeon), who shall be actually in the Naval Service of His Majesty, and entitled to Full Pay in the Fleet, at the Expiration of every Three, Six, or Twelve Lunar Months, or of any longer Period, to draw a Bill of Exchange, or a Set of Bills of the same Tenor and Date, upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the net Balance of the personal Wages due to him, which Bill or Set of Bills shall be made payable to himself or to his Order at Ten Days Sight, and shall state the Rate or Description and Name of the Ship to which he shall belong, and his Station or Rank on board the same, and also the full Amount of the personal Wages then due to him, and the Period for which the same accrued, together with the Amount of such Charges and Deductions as shall appear on the Ship's Books against him, and the net Residue of the personal Wages due to him, for which Residue and no more the Bill shall be drawn.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Captain, Lieutenant, or Master commanding a Ship, Surgeon, Purser, and Assistant Surgeon acting as Surgeon, to draw Bills of Exchange, in like Manner and under similar Regulations, for Three Fourths, and no more, of their net personal Pay; and that it shall also be lawful for every Mate, Midshipman, and Master's Assistant who shall have passed his Examination for a Lieutenant, Master, or Second Master respectively, and for every Schoolmaster, Secretary's Clerk, and Captain's Clerk, to dra#

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

14A

Bills, in like Manner and under similar Regulations, at the End of evety Six or Twelve, but not for a shorter Period than Six Lunar Months, for the net personal Pay due to him: Provided always, that no Person allowed by this Act to draw Bills periodically, who shall have received Three Months Advance shall be

K* ted to draw any such Bill for the first Three Months after have joined his Ship.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Commission Officer, Master, Secretary, Physician, Chaplain, Surgeon, Purser, Second Master, and Assistant Surgeon, who shall be sent to a Hospital or Sick Quarters, to draw a Bill of Exchange upon the Commissioners of the Navy for the Pay or Proportion of Fiy, as by this Act allowed, that may be due to him on the Day of his being discharged to Sick Quarters: Provided always, that every such Bill, in addition to the Certificate and Approval hereafter mentioned, shall be accompanied by a Certificate indorsed thereon, under the Hand of the Medical Officer superintending the Hospital or Sick Quarters to which such Officer shall have been so discharged, of the Day on which he was received into the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Officer shall be sent to Sick Quarters, there shall be made out, and he shall take with him, a perfect Extract from the Books of the Ship, containing all the Particulars therein entered relating to such Officer; and upon his Discharge from Sick Quarters the Medical Officer superintending such Sick Quarters shall certify on the Back of such Extract the Period he shall have been therein, and the Day of his Discharge therefrom, to enable him to receive the Balance of his Pay in case he shall not be discharged back to his Ship.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Officer shall be discharged, superseded, or removed from one Ship to another, having less than Three Months Pay due to him, he shall take with him a similar Extract, to enable him to draw for his Pay at the Expiration of Three Months from the Date of his last Bill, in which Bill so to be drawn the Periods of his Service in each Ship for which Pay shall be due shall be distinguished.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Bill for personal Pay to be drawn as aforesaid (save and except those drawn by Flag Officers, Commodores, and Captains,) shall be certified and approved as follows; every Bill to be drawn by a Commission Officer (not commanding a Ship), Master, Chaplain, Surgeon, Second Master, Assistant Surgeon, passed Matte, passed Midshipman, and passed Master's Assistant, Schoolmaster, and Captain's Clerk, shall be certified by the Purser, and approved by the Captain; every Bill to be drawn by a Secretary to a Flag Officer or Commodore shall be certified by the Purser, and approved by the Flag Officer or Commodore; every Bill to be drawn by a Ifcyarian of a Fleet shall be certified by the Purser, and approved by the Commander-in-Chief of the Fleet; every Bill to be drawn by a Purser shall be certified by the Master, anil approved by the Captain or Commanding Officer; every Bill to be drawn by a Commanding Officer, acting as Purser, shall be also certified by the Master or acting Master; and every Bill to be drawn by a

Officers sent to Sick Quartern may draw Bills for Pay due.

Extracts of Particulars from Ship's Book to accompany Officers to Sick Quarters.

Officers discharged or removed to take Extracts with

The Manner in which quarterly Bills shall be certified and approved.

146

C. 20.

IT* GEO. IV. & V GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Approving Officers made responsible.

Penalty for drawing for more Pay than due.

No Officer whose Duty it is to transmit Logs, &c. shall be entiiled tube paid until the Logs, &c. are produced.

Officers having passed their Accounts to be entitled to general Certificates negotiable.

Allotments.

Secretary's Clerk shall be certified by the Purser, and approved by the Secretary; and the Officer by whom any Bill shall be approved shall be held responsible that the Party drawing the Pay has been borne for Pay during the Period for which the Bill i* drawn, and is entitled to draw such Bill, and that the Purser hath previously certified his Right to draw for the Sum mentioned in the Bill; and the Purser or Officer certifying shall also be held responsible for the Correctness of his Certificate to the Bill.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer authorized to draw a Bill as aforesaid shall knowingly and fraudulently draw any such Bill for Pay when there shall not be Pay to the Amount so drawn for due and owing to him, every Person so offending shall forfeit all Pay and other Allowances to which he shall be then entitled, and moreover, upon being convicted thereof by Court-martial, shall be cashiered, and rendered thereafter incapable of holding any Office, Civil or Military, in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that no Officer whose Duty it shall be, according to the Rules of the Service, to transmit any Logs, Journals, Returns, or other Documents, either to the Admiralty Office or to the Navy Office, shall be entitled to receive any Pay that may be due at the Time of his Discharge, or any Half Pay afterwards to accrue due, until he shall have duly transmitted such Logs, Journals, Returns, or other Documents, or unless he shall have obtained a dispensing Order for that Purpose from the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the Time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer who is required to pass Accounts to entitle him to the Balance of his Pay snail have cleared his Accounts for the Period during which he shall have been on Full Pay, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively, and in the Manner in which Accounts are required to be passed, he shall be entitled to a Bill usually called a General Certificate, specifying the net Balance due to him, which shall be payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, and be negotiable like other Bills.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for every Boatswain, Gunner, Carpenter, Petty Officer (not entitled to draw Bills for Pay), Seaman, Landman (Boys excepted), and Non-commissioned Officer and Private of Marines, being Part of the Complement of a Ship, or borne on the Books as a Supernumerary for Wages and Victuals, to make an Allotment of a certain Portion, not exceeding One Moiety, of the monthly Wages to which he may be entitled while such Allotment shall continue in force, and which shall be calculated so as to avoid Fractions of small Sums in the Payment thereof, and that such Allotments shall and may be made in favour or for the Maintenance of the following Relatives only; (that is to say,) Wife, Father, Mother, Child or Children being under the Age of Fourteen Years or labouring under any bodily Infirmity; which Allotments shall be made according to the Forms and in the Manner heretofore used in the Royal Navy, or in such other Form and Manner as shall by the Commissioners of the Navy be deemed best adapted to answer the Intentions of this Act; and that all the Monies which shall hereafter be allotted shall, at the Expiration of every Calendar Month,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20. 147

(the first Payment to be reckoned from the First Day of the Month subsequent to the Date of the Declaration of Allotment, and not to include the Period between that Date and the First of the ensuing Month,) be paid to the Parties entitled to receive the same; bnt that no Payment shall be made at any One Time for a shorter Period than a Calendar Month, and that whenever any Increase or Decrease shall take place in the Rate of Allotment by Promotion, disrating, or otherwise, Payment of the same shall commence from the ending of the last preceding Payment.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person entitled to make an Allotment shall declare his Intention so to do, the Captain shall cause such Person to subscribe his Name or Mark to a Declaration or to a List of Declarations for that Purpose, which the Captain shall sign and cause to be signed by the aiming Officers of the Ship, and then transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, in order that they may take the necessary Measures for causing Allotment Bills to be made out thereon, and Payment to be made of the Portion of Wages so allotted; and the Captain shall also cause to be noted in the Muster Book, against the Names of such Persons, the Date of the making of such Allotments; and in case any Person having made an Allotment shall desert, die, or be discharged-sick, or otherwise, the Captain shall notify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy without Loss of Time for their Guidance; and to the like end, every Agent of a Hospital or Sick Quarters to which any such Person shall be sent shall make a periodical Return of all such to the said Commissioners in a Form to be furnished to him for that Purpose; and if any such Person shall die at or desert from such Hospital or Sick Quarters, the Date of his Death or Desertion shall also be returned; and in case any Captain or Agent shall make Default therein, he shall be liable to make good out of his Pay any Loss that shall accrue to the Public thereby.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment Bill, to be made out in Duplicate at the Navy Office, shall be made payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, and by the respective Collectors of the Customs and Excise of the United Kingdom, and that one of such Duplicates shall be transmitted to the Party entitled to receive thereon, and the other Duplicate to the Treasurer of the Navy or his Clerk, or to the Officer of the Revenue who is to pay the same, as the Case may be; and that upon the Production by the said Party of such Duplicate, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens or Elders of the Parish or Place where such Party shall reside, that he or she is the Party mentioned in the Allotment Bill, and on due Proof, in the Case of a Wife, of her Marriage with the Person making the Allotment, and the Treasurer's Clerk or Officer of the Revenue being satisfied of his or her Identity, the Monies thereby allotted shall be paid to such Party upon his or her Receipt, to be signed in the Presence of and to be attested by the Officer or Clerk making Payment thereof, who shall also mark thereon the Number of the Allotment Bill, and shall note on the Back of each Duplicate of the Bill the Date and Amount of each Payment, and the Time from and to which the same became payable.

Captain to cause Declarations of Allotment to be made out.

Allotment Bills to be made out.

Payment

148

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

If the Wife of any Person by whom an AU lotment has been made shall die, or desert her Family, &c. Payment may be stopped, or made to some other Person.

Allotments may be revolted by the Person making the same;

or by Commissioners in Cases of Death or Desertion.

Notice of Death of Parties entitled to receive Payment of Allotment.

Payments of Allotments made by Collectors of Customs and Excise to be refunded every Three Months.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Wife of any Person so making an Allotment shall happen to die, or shall desert her Children, or so misconduct herself as to be considered unde* serving of Support from her Husband, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy in any of such Cases, upon a Certificate to that Effect under the Hands of the Minister and Church wardens or Elders of the Parish or Place where such Wife shall have been resident, to stop further Payments on such Allotment Bill; and if such Wife shall have left any Child or Children of the Party who shall have made the Allotment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in case such Child or Children shall have' Ao other Provision for Maintenance, upon a Certificate to that Effect from the Minister and Churchwarden or Elders of the Parish or Place where such Child or Children shall have been left, to revoke the Allotment Bill, so payable to the Wife, and to make out another Bill to any Person, being resident there, as the said Minister, and Churchwardens or Elders shall recommend to receive the Money so allotted, to be applied to the Support and Maintenance of such Child or Children.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have made an Allotment as aforesaid shall be desirous of revoking the same, and shall signify his Desire so to do and his Reasons for so doing to his Commanding Officer, such Officer shall communicate the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall be satisfied with such Reasons, forthwith to stop further Payments upon the Allotments so revoked, and to cause a fresh Allotment Bill to be made out, if the Circumstances shall require it.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Muster Book or by any other Return from the Ship or from the Hospital or Sick Quarters, that any Person who has made an Allotment shall have died, deserted, or by any other Means have ceased to be entitled to Wages, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to call in and revoke the Allotment made by any such Person, and from thenceforth all Payment thereon shall cease.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as it shall come to the Knowledge of the Minister or of any Churchwarden or Elder of the Parish that any Person resident therein and entitled to receive Payment of an Allotment Bill is dead, such Minister, Churchwarden, or Elder shall immediately give Notice thereof by Letter to the Commissioners of the Navy, or to the Officer of the Revenue, or Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy, by whom such Allotment is payable, who shall immediately indorse the Date of the Receipt of such Notice upon such Allotment Bill, and transmit the same to the Navy Office, and from that Time all Payments thereunder shall be discontinued.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months, but not oftener, the Collectors of the Customs and Excise by whom any Payments of Allotments shall have been made shall transmit to their respective Boards, to be forwarded to the Commissioners of the Navy an Account, containing in numerical Order, as the Allotment Bills are numbered, the Numbers and Dates of the Bills, the Names of the Parties

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV.

C. 20.

149

making the Allotment, the respective Sums and Periods for which the Payments are made, the Amount of Payments made by each Collector, and the total Amount of the Payments made during the Quarter, which Account shall be accompanied by the Receipts of the Parties to whom the Allotments shall have been paid, and the Certificates upon which Payments shall have been made; and so soon as such Account shall have been examined and found correct, the said Commissioners shall cause the necessary Measures to be taken for the Repayment, by the Treasurer of the Navy, of the Amount, or of so much as shall be payable, to the respective Boards of Customs and Excise; and similar Measures shall be adopted for the Repayment to the said Boards respectively of Monies which shall be paid by any such Revenue Officers upon Remittance Bills to be made out as hereinafter provided.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Ship, not being in any Port of the United Kingdom, or on the Coast thereof, shall have been Twelve Calendar Months in Sea Pay, and so from time to time at the End of every Six Months, the Captain shall, at the next subsequent Muster of the Ship's Company, cause to be read over the Names of the Petty Officere, Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of Marines, and cause each to answer to his Name; and if any of them who shall not have made any Allotment of their Pay shall thereupon declare their Desire that the Whole or any Part of the Pay which shall then be payable to them, excepting always for the last Six Months, shall be paid either to a Wife, Child or Children above the Age of Eighteen Years, Father, Mother, Grandfather, Grandmother, Brother, or Sister, the Captain shall cause to be made out and transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy a List of such Persons, containing their Names, their Numbers on the Ship's Books, and the Names and Residence of the Parties to whom they shall desire the same to be paid; and upon the Receipt of such List the said Commissioners shall cause the requisite Steps to be taken for making out the necessary Remittance Bills in the Form heretofore used, or in such other Form as shall be found most convenient, to be signed by a Commissioner of the Navy, and to be addressed to the same Persons and in the same Manner as Allotment Bills are by this Act required to be addressed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant Officer not authorized to draw Bills, and every Petty Officer, Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer, or Marine, entitled to the Payment of any Wages, or the Wife of any such Warrant Officer (being legally empowered to receive her Husband's Wages), shall, if present at the Place where such Wages are paid, be at liberty in like Manner to make a Remittance thereof, or of any Part thereof, to any Person within the United Kingdom, or if not present, but resident more than Seven Miles from the Place of Payment, shall, upon transmitting to the Commissioners of the Navy a regular Certificate of Discharge from the Service, or other satisfactory Proof of Identity, be entitled to a Remittance Bill (but payable to the Party only) in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions where Naval Payments are usually made; and that Payment may in like Manner be made to the Executors and Administrators of any such deceased Warrant Officer, if they shall desire it: Provided always,

Foreign Remittance Bills.

Remittance of Wages payable.

ISO

C. 20;

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.B: 1830.

Remittance of Half Pay and Pensions, Compasionate Fund and Out l'eii&ioiia.

Penalty on any Collector, Clerk, &c. delaying Payment or taking any Fee.

Party to whom Allotment Bills are payable to appear personally.

Power to administer Oaths.

that in the Absence of a Commissioner of the Navy cemptrolling the Payment of Wages at any of the Ports where there shall be an Establishment of Treasurer's Clerks, it shall be lawful for the senior Officer of the Dock Yard to sign any Remittance Bill in the Stead of the absent Commissioner, noticing after his Signature the Fact of such Absence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer of the Royal Navy or Royal Marines entitled to Half Pay or to a Pension, and also any Person entitled to any Money or Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or to His Majesty's most gracious Bounty given to the Relatives of Persons slain in Fight with the Enemy, or to a Pension as the Widow of an Officer of the Navy, and any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Marine entitled to a Pension or Allowance in respect of his Services or Wounds, shall be at liberty, whenever he or she shall think fit, to receive such Pay, Allowance, Bounty, or Pension by means of a Remittance Bill as aforesaid, to be made out by the Commissioners or Treasurer of the Navy, or his Clerk, or by the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, as the Case may be.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Customs or Excise, or Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, or other Person authorized to make Naval Payments, to whom any Allotment Bill or Remittance Bill to be made out under this Act shall be addressed or presented for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands sufficient public Monies to answer the same, or shall be unable, from any other sufficient Cause, to make such Payment, he shall forthwith deliver to the Party presenting the same a Note specifying such Cause of his Refusal or Delay in making Payment, dated on the Day the Demand shall be made, and shall appoint thereon some future Day for Payment, not later than Twenty-eight Days - from the Date of such Demand; and if he shall unnecessarily and wilfully refuse or delay Payment, or if he shall directly or indirectly accept any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, or make any Deduction or Discount whatsoever from any Payment made under any Allotment or Remittance Bill, he shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence.

ALIV. And be it further enacted, That Payment on Allotment and Remittance Bills shall be made only to the Party to whom the same shall be expressed to be payable, except in Cases where such Party shall by Illness or bodily Infirmity be disabled from appearing personally, in which Cases, such Disability being certified by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish or Place where the Party shall reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending him or her, and there being no Reason to doubt the Authenticity or Truth of such Certificate, Payment shall on that Occasion be made, on the Production of the Allotment or Bill, to the Order in Writing of the Party to whom it is made payable: Provided always, that in case the Officer of the Revenue, or Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy, or other Person whose Duty it shall be to make Payment on any Allotment or Remittance Bill, shall entertain any Doubt as to the Identity of the Party, the Authenticity of the Vouchers produced, or his or her Title to receive Payment, such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall inquire into the same by the Oath of the Party so applying, which Oath such

Officer,

11° GEO. IV. & 1° QUL. IV.

151

A.D. 1830.

C. 20.

Officer, Clerk, or other Person is hereby authorised to administer for that Purpose.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case Payment shall If Payment of sot be demanded upon any Allotment or Remittance Bill, during Allotment is the Space of Six Calendar Months from the Day of the Receipt *

thereof, by the Person by whom it is to be paid, or from the Date Months the of the last Payment which shall hare been made on any Allot- Bill to be foment, such Person shall return the same to the Commissioners of turned, the Nary; and whenever any such Person shall hare received Notice from the said Commissioners of the Determination of any Allotment, or of its becoming no longer payable, he shall in like Manner return the same within Two Days after the Receipt of any such Notice, and no Payment to be thereafter made shall be aiioired to him: Provided always, that when any Bill made out Renewal of under the Provisions of this Act shall for any Cause whatever Bills, be returned to the Commissioners of the Navy by the Person to whom the same shall have been addressed, before the Expiration of the Time prescribed by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cancel such Bill, and also, on its being certified on one Part of the original Bill by the said Commissioners or by the Treasurer of the Navy that reasonable Cause had been assigned by the Party to whom such Bill was payable for so cancelling the same, to cause to be made out another similar Bill in Duplicate for the like Sum of Money, which shall be forwarded and paid in the same Manner as is provided with respect to the original Bill; and if such new Bill shall not be paid within the like Period as before specified, the same shall be returned and cancelled in like Manner, and the Sum of Money therein mentioned shall then become payable to the Party for whose Wages or Pay it was so made out, or, in case he shall be dead, to his Executor or Administrator.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Naval Officer* Commission and Warrant Officers entitled to Naval Half Pay, or nd. to a Pension in respect of Service or Wounds, and for Widows of any such Officers entitled to a Pension as such Widows, and for «ona?may draw the Executors and Administrators of every such Officer, to receive on the Navy such Half Pay or Pension, or Arrears thereof, by drawing a Bill Board or be of Exchange upon the Commissioners of the Navy in the Manner P"d b7 E*" hitherto used, provided they shall previously signify their Inten- tract* tioa so to do by Application to the said Commissioners; or if any such Officers or Widows shall be residing near any of His Majesty's Dock Yards where there shall be any Clerk of the said Treasurer authorized to pay Wages, and they shall signify to him, or to the proper Clerk of the Navy Pay Office in London, their Desire to be paid by Extract, auch Clerk shall take a Note thereof, and shall at such Periods as may be necessary make out and transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy Lists of the Names of such Officers and Widows, and the Particulars of the Half Pay or Pension claimed, with the usual Affidavit in Cases of Half Pay, and the usual Certificate of Life in the Cases of Pension (which Vouchers

shall be supplied to the Clerk by the Party making the Application); and Measures shall thereupon be taken at the Navy Office for forwarding to the proper Clerk at the Dock Yard at which Payment is desired to be made Extracts from the Half n

132

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Book or List of Officers of the Nary entitled to Half Pay, and from the Book or List of Pensions payable to Commission and Warrant Officers in respect of Services or Woonds, and from the Widows Pension List or Book (as is used in the Cases of Payment of Wages upon Extracts from the Ship's Books), in order that Payment of such Half Pay and Pension may be made accordingly; and in Cases when the Parties so entitled to receive any Payment of Half Pay or Pension shall not express their Desire to reeive Payment by Bill of Exchange or Extract or by Remittance, such Half Pay and Pension respectively shall be paid upon the said Lists or Books to be made out quarterly as has been heretofore used with respect to Half Pay, or in such other Manner as the Commissioners of the Navy shall deem most convenient for the public Service: Provided always, that no Person:residing out of His Majesty's Dominions shall be entitled to the Benefit of Payment of Half Pay or Pension either by Bill of Exchange, Extract, or Remittance.

Assignments

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Assignments or

of Half Pay, Sales and Contracts made or to be made by any Person entitled

&c. void. to any Marine Half Pay, or by any Person entitled to an Allowance from the Compassionate Fund, or to any Pension as the Widow of an Officer, of or in relation to such Half Pay, Allowance, or Pension respectively, and all Assignments or Sales and Contracts of or relating to any Wages, Half Pay, Prize Money, Pension, Gratuities, and other Allowances payable in respect of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XLVIII. *And whereas it is expedient to establish Regulations

for the Prevention of Forgery and Fraud, which have been here-

tofore much practised in relation to the Pay of the Royal Navy; *

Mode of exe- Be it further enacted, That no Will made by any Petty Officer or

cuting Letters Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Mannes or Marine, before

"d kjg Entry into His Majesty's Service, shall be valid to pass any Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies payable in respect of Services in His Majesty's Navy; and that no Letter of Attorney made by any such Person who shall be or shall have been in the said Service, or by the Widow, next of Kin, Executors, or Administrators of any such Person, shall be valid or sufficient to entitle any Person to receive any Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowance of Money of any Kind for the Service of any such Person in His Majesty's Navy, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be therein expressed to be revocable, and that no such Letter of Attorney shall be valid or sufficient to entitle any Person to receive any such Wages or other Monies; nor shall any Will made or to be made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be or shall have been in the Naval Service of His Majesty, be valid or sufficient to pass any each Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will respectively shall contain the Name of the Ship to which the Person executing the same belonged at the Time or to which he last belonged, nor unless such Letter of Attorney, if made by an Executor or Administrator, shall contain the Name of the Ship to which his or her Testator or Intestate last belonged, and

also

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

153

also in every Case a full Description of the Degree of Relationship or Residence of the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Executors, the same shall be made, and also the Day of the Month and Year and the Name of the Place when and where the same shall have been executed, nor shall any such Letter of Attorney or Will be valid for the Purposes aforesaid unless the same respectively shall, in the several Cases hereinafter specified, be executed and attested in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) in case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, while belonging to and on board of any Ship of His Majesty as Part of her Complement, or borne on the Books thereof as a Supernumerary or as an Invalid, or for Victuals only, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by the Captain, or (in his Absence) by the Commanding Officer for the Time being, and who in that Case shall state at the Foot of the Attestation the Absence of the Captain at the Time, and the Occasion thereof; and in case of the Inability of the Captain, by reason of Wounds or Sickness, to attest any such Will or Letter of Attorney, then the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by the Officer next in Command, who shall state at the Foot of such Attestation the Inability of the Captain to attest the same and the Cause thereof; and if made in any of His Majesty's Hospital Ships, or in any Naval or other Hospital, or at any Sick Quarters either at Home or Abroad, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent, or Chaplain of any such Hospital or Sick Quarters, or by the Commanding Officer, Agent, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, or Chaplain for the lime being of any such Hospital Ship, or by the Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent, Chaplain, or Chief Officer of any Military or Merchant Hospital or other Sick Quarters, or One of them; and if made on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Transport Service, or in any other Merchant Ship or Vessel, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer or Chaplain in His Majesty's Navy, or some Commission Officer or Chaplain belonging to His Majesty's Land Forces or Royal Marines, or the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, or Agent of any Hospital in His Majesty's Naval or Military Service, if any such shall be then on board, or by the Master or First Mate thereof; and if made after he shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, or if such Letter of Attorney be made by the Executor or Administrator of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, if the Party making the same shall then reside in London or within the Bills of Mortality, the same hail be executed in the Presence of and be attested by the Inspector for the Time being of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney, or his Assistant or Clerk; or if the Party making the same shall then reside at or within the Distance of Seven Miles from any Port or Place where the Wages of Seamen in His Majesty's Service are paid, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by One of the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy resident at such Port or Place; or if the Party making such

Letter

154

C. 20 *

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at any other Race in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jerseyf Alderney, Sark, or Man, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or by the Minister or officiating Minister or Curate of the Parish or Place in which the same shall be executed; or if the Party making the same shall then reside in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or in any Colony, Plantation, Settlement, Fort, Factory, or any other Foreign Possession of His Majesty, or any Settlement within the Charter of the East India Company, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer or Chaplain of His Majesty's Navy, or Commission Officer of Royal Marines, or the Commissioner of the Navy, or Naval Storekeeper at One of His Majesty's Naval Yards, or a Minister of the Church of England or Scotland, or a Magistrate or Principal Officer residing in any of such Places respectively; or if the Party making the same shall then reside at any Place not within His Majesty's Dominions, or any of the Places last mentioned, the same shall be executed in the Presence of and be attested by the British Consul or Vice Consul, or some Officer having a public Appointment or Commission, Civil, Naval, or Military, under His Majesty's Government, or by a Magistrate or Notary Public of or near the Place where such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed; nor shall any Will of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, be deemed good or valid in Law, to any Intent or Purpose, which shall be contained, printed, or written in the same Instrument, Paper, or Parchment with a Power of Attorney: Provided always, nevertheless, that if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in the Case of any Will or Letter of Attorney executed on board any of His Majesty's Ships, that in the Attestation thereof the Captain's Signature hath by Accident or Inadvertence been omitted, and that in all other respects the Execution has been conformable to the Provisions and to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers to pass the same as valid and sufficient.

Exception *s to

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every b7 Letter of Attorney or Will which hath been or which hereafter

Wtfa ° shall be made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, while any such Person hath been or shall be a Prisoner of War, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, provided it shall have been executed in the Presence of and be attested by some Commission Officer of the Army, Navy, or Royal Marines, or by some Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Navy, or by a Physician, Surgeon, or Assistant Surgeon in the Army or Navy, Agent to some Naval Hospital, or Chaplain of the Army or Navy, or by any Notary Public; but so as not to invalidate or disturb any Payment which hath been already made under any Letter of Administration, Certificates, or otherwise, in consequence of the Rejection of any such Wills by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, for Want of the due Attestation thereof according to the Directions of any former Act of Parliament.

Wills, &c. to L. And be it further enacted, That all Officers commanding

Ships

C. 20.

155

Ships shall, upon their monthly Muster Books or Returns, distinguish which of the Persons therein named have made any Letter of Attorney or Will during that Month, or other Space of Time from the preceding Return, by inserting the Date of such Letter of Attorney or Will opposite the Party's Name, under the Heads of "Letter of Attorney" or " Will, or both, as the Case may require; and shall likewise transmit to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Time such Returns are transmitted to the Navy Office, a List to the same Effect of all such Persons.

LI. And be it further enacted, That before any Letter of Attorney or Will shall be attempted to be acted upon or put in force, the same shall be sent to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Navy Pay Office, London, in order that it may be examined by the Inspector of Seamen's Will and Letters of Attorney, who, or his Assistant, shall, on Receipt thereof, duly register the same in a numerical and alphabetical Manner in separate Books to be kept for that Purpose, specifying the Date, the Place where executed, the Name and Description of the Party making the same, the Names and Additions of the Persons described therein either as Attornies or Executors, and also of the Witnesses attesting the same, and shall mark the same with the corresponding Numbers in the Ship s Books; and the said Inspector shall take aue Means to ascertain the Authenticity of every such Letter of Attorney and Will, and in case he shall have reason to suspect its Authenticity, he shall give Notice in Writing to the Attorney or Executor, as the Case may be, that the same is stopped, and the Reason thereof, and shall also report the same to the Treasurer of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against such Letter of Attorney or Will, which shall prevent any Money from being received thereon until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer; but if there shall be no Reason, upon such Examination, to doubt its Authenticity, the said Inspector or his Assistant shall sign his Name thereto, and also put a Stamp thereon in Token of his Approbation thereof, and, as to such Letters of At-

S, forthwith send to the Person therein named as Attorney a specifying the Number of such Letter of Attorney, the Name and Description of the Person granting the same, the Name and Addition of the Person in whose Favour the same is granted, the Date and Place when and where executed, and the Names of the Witnesses attesting the same, which Check shall be a sufficient Authority for the Attorney to demand and receive Payment of and to give Acquittances for all such Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money to which the Person granting the same was entitled for his Service on board any of His Majesty's Ships.

LIL. And be it further enacted, That no Letter of Attorney of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, which shall not have been made or executed on board the Ship to which the Party shall have belonged, in the Manner required by this Act, shall be passed, stamped, or allowed by the said Inspector until a Certificate shall have been produced to him, under the Hand of the Captain, specifying the Period of the Party's Service on board under the Command of such Captain, and a Description of his Height, Complexion, and Age, unless reasonable Cause shall be shown to and allowed by the said Treasurer or Inspector for dispensing with such Certificate.

be noted io the Muster Book.

Letters of Attorney and Wills to be examined by the Inspector.

No Letter of Attorney to be passed until a Certificate be produced.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

156

As to Wages claimed under Powers of Attorney and Indentures.

Assignment of Pay by Commission and Warrant Officers.

Mode by which Executors are to obtain Probate.

C. 20 *

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy shall not be bound to pay regard to any Power of Attorney, or Check of any Power, under which any Wages may be claimed as due to any Officers, Seamen, or Marines, unless such Power or Check of Power, as the Case may be, shall be actually produced at the Time Payment is claimed, and, in the Case of an Officer's Pay, unless the Power or a Copy of the Power be left with the proper Officer of the said Treasurer, accompanied with the usual Certificates and Papers; and in Cases of the Wages of a Seaman or Marine being claimed by any Master under any Indenture of Apprenticeship, every such Master shall, before he shall be entitled to receive the same, adduce satisfactory Proof to the Officer of the said Treasurer that the Indenture to be produced by him was in full Force during the Period for which such Wages are claimed, and that the Apprentice was, at the Time of the Execution of the Indenture, under the Age of Eighteen Years, and had not previously used the Sea; but in case the Indenture shall not be produced at the Pay Table when the Wages shall be demanded, and such Proof as aforesaid shall not be given, such Wages shall be paid to the Apprentice, and not to the Master.

LIY. And be it further enacted, That all Wages, Pay, and other Allowances payable for the Service of any Commission or Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Navy shall be paid to the Officer himself, if present, at the Pay Table, or to his lawful Attorney, upon the Production of the usual Certificates; but if he shall have assigned or sold his Pay, the same shall be paid to the Assignee, being duly authorized to receive the same; and if there shall be more Assignments than One, they shall be satisfied according to Priority of Date; but the Treasurer of the Navy shall not pay regard to any Assignment which shall not be presented at the Pay Table, accompanied by the usual Certificates and Papers, at the Time the Wages or Pay are appointed to be paid, and unless a true Copy of such Assignment be left at the same Time with the said Treasurer, nor shall he be liable to pay under any Assignment conveying generally any annual or other periodical Wages or Allowance to grow due, but only under such Assignments of Wages, Pay, or other Allowances due, as shall be made to secure Payment of any Sum advanced by the Assignee, which shall be truly set forth in such Assignment, and for the Amount of which, and no more, the Wages, Pay, and other Allowances payable to the Officer shall be liable.

LV. And be it enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have belonged to any Ship of His Majesty, shall have died, leaving a Will, no Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowance of Money shall be paid over to or recovered by his Executor or Executors except upon the Probate of the Will, to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, after such Will shall have been so transmitted, registered, and approved as herein-before directed, the Inspector shall cause to be issued to the Person named therein as Executor a Cheque in lieu thereof, containing Directions to return the same, with his or her Signature thereto, upon the Testator's Death, to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, which Cheque shall be in the Form heretofore used in such Cases, or in such other Form as

the

C. 20.

1$7

the Treasurer of the Navy shall deem most expedient and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, and shall have the requisite Certificates in Blank subscribed thereto, to be filled up as hereinafter mentioned; and in the Event of the Testator's Death, the Minister or Curate of the Parish in which the Party named as Executor shall then reside shall, upon the Application of the Executor, examine him, and such Two inhabitant Householders of the Parish as may be disposed to certify their personal Knowledge of the Holder of the Cheque, touching his Claim, and that they are satisfied of his being the Person therein described as Executor; and the said Executor shall subscribe his Name to the Application, and the Two Householders their Names to the Certificate for that Purpose subjoined to the Cheque (the Blauks therein being first filled up agreeable to Truth), in the Presence of the Minister or Curate, for which respective Purposes the said Executor and Householders shall attena at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the Minister or Curate, who being, upon Examination of the several Parties, satisfied with their Answers, and that the Person holding the Cheque is the Executor therein named, and that the Two Persons certifying as before required are inhabitant Householders of the Parish, and having seen the said Parties sign the Application and Certificate respectively (which he is hereby required to do), shall add thereto a Description of the Height, Complexion, Colour of Eyes and Hair, Age, and any particular Marks about the Person of the Party claiming as Executor, and, after the several Blanks shall have been filled up agreeable to Truth, shall certify to the several Particulars by subscribing his Signature thereto; and the said Executor shall, before signing the Application, pay to the said Minister or Curate a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence for his Trouble on the Occasion; and the said Application and Certificates being in all Things completed according to the Directions therein and hereby given, the same shall be transmitted by the said Minister or Curate by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer of the Navy, London; and the said original Will having been passed in the Manner directed by this Act, the Inspector shall note thereon the Amount of the Wages due to the Deceased, as calculated on the Search to be obtained from the Navy Office, and shall then forward such Will to a Proctor, in order to his obtaining Probate thereof; and in case the Executor shall not reside within the Bills of Mortality, the Inspector shall also forward to such Proctor a Letter addressed to the Minister, in the usual or other requisite Form, for the Purpose of its being transmitted to him with the Commission for administering the necessary Oath to the Party as Executor; and such Proctor, having received the Will and the said Letter of the Inspector (in case such Letter shall be necessary), shall immediately sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, or take such other Steps as may be necessary towards enabling the Executor to obtain Probate, and shall inclose in the said Letter a Copy of the Will and the Commission or Requisition, with Instructions for executing the same, and forward the same to the Minister by the General Post, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the Inspector.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall

die

Mode of obtaining Administra-

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

tion to Intestate's Effects.

die intestate, leaving any Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money of any Kind due to him in respect of Services in His Majesty's Navy, the same shall not be paid to his Representatives, except upon Letters of Administration, to be obtained in the following Manner; videlicet, the Person claiming Administration shall send a Letter to the Inspector, stating his Place of Abode, the Parish in which the same is situate, his Degree of Relationship to the Deceased, the Names of the Deceased and of the Ship or Ships to which he belonged, that he has been informed of the Intestate's Death, and requesting the Inspector to give such Directions as may enable him to procure Letters of Administration to the Deceased's Effects, or to the like Effect, upon Receipt whereof the Inspector shall send by Post, under Cover, to the Minister of the Parish wherein the Claimant shall reside, a Petition in the Form heretofore in such Cases used, or in such other Form as the Treasurer of the Navy shall deem most expedient and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, together with the requisite Certificates in Blank, to be filled up as hereafter mentioned, and a Letter pointing out the Steps to be taken thereon as hereinafter in that Behalf contained, and shall also send to the Claimant a Letter advising him of the forwarding of the said Petition or Paper as aforesaid, and pointing out the Measures to be taken by him for substantiating his Claim; and upon Receipt of the said Petition the Minister, officiating Minister, or Curate shall, on the Application of the Claimant, examine him and also such Two inhabitant Householders of the Parish as may be disposed to certify their personal Knowledge of him, and their Belief of his Right to administer to the Effects of the Intestate, according to the Degree of Relationship set forth at the Head of the Petition; and the Minister or Curate being, upon due Examination of the Claimant and the said Two Householders, satisfied of the Truth of their Answers, and having seen the Claimant sign the Application, and the Two Householders sign the Certificate (which the Minister is required to do), shall add thereto a Description of the Height, Complexion, Colour of Eyes and Hair, Age, and any particular Marks about the Person of the Claimant, and after the Blanks in the said Petition, Certificates, and Description for those several Purposes shall have been filled up agreeable to Truth, shall certify to the several Particulars by subscribing his Signature thereto, for which respective Purposes the said Claimant and the Householders shall attend at such Time and Place as the Minister or Curate shall appoint; and the Claimant shall, before signing the Petition, pay to the Minister or Curate a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence for his Trouble on the Occasion; and the said Paper being in all Things completed according to the Directions therein and hereby given, the Minister shall return the same by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer of the Navy, London; and upon the Receipt thereof at the Navy Pay Office, the Inspector snail examine the same, and, being satisfied of the Claim, he shall transmit to a Proctor a Certificate thereof (in the Form heretofore used, or in such other Form as the Treasurer of the Navy shall deem expedient); and in case the Claimant shall not reside within the Bills of Mortality, the Inspector shall at the same Time inclose and send to the said Proctor a Letter addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 20.

159

wardens or Elders, (as the case may be,) of the Parish within which the Claimant then shall reside, signifying the Transmission of a Commission (which the Proctor is to obtain) for swearing the Claimant as Administrator, with the necessary Instructions for executing the same; and the Proctor shall, upon Receipt thereof, take the requisite Steps towards enabling the Claimant to obtain Letters of Administration, and shall in the Inspector's Letter to the Minister enclose the Commission or other necessary Instrument, with Instructions for executing the same, and shall forward such Letter and Inclosures by the General Post, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the said Inspector.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Minister or Curate shall reject any Petition for Want of satisfactory Proof of the Claim, he shall state his Reasons for such Rejection on the said Petition, and forthwith return the same to the Treasurer of the Navy as aforesaid; and in case no Application shall be made to the Minister or Curate by the Claimant, or no effectual Steps shall be taken by him to complete the Petition and the Certificates within the Space of Two Calendar Months from the Date of the Inspector's Letter accompanying such Petition, the Minister or Curate shall, at the Expiration of that Time, return the Petition to the Treasurer of the Navy as aforesaid, with his Reason for doing so noted thereon.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Minister to whom any such Letter, with a Commission or Requisition for swearing any Executor or Administrator, shall be transmitted, shall, immediately upon the Receipt thereof, take the necessary Steps for procuring the Execution of the same, and shall transmit the same, when executed, directed to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Executor or Administrator shall reside at a Distance from the Place where the Wages or other Allowances of Money are payable, he shall specify the Name and Residence of the nearest or most convenient Collector of Customs or of Excise; and upon Receipt of the said Commission at the Navy Pay Office, the same shall be forwarded to the Proctor, who, in pursuance thereof, shall forthwith procure the requisite Probate or Letters of Administration, and when obtained transmit the same to the Inspector at the Navy Pay Office.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been so obtained, the Proctor employed therein shall immediately send the slame to the Treasurer of the Navy, with a Copy of the Will (in the Case of Probate), and an Account of his Charges for the same; and upon Receipt thereof the Inspector shall issue a Check, containing the Heads of such Probate or Letters of Administration, and shall note thereon the Amount of the Proctor's Charges and the Address of the Claimant, which Check shall be in the Form heretofore used in the Navy Pay Office, or in such other Form as the Treasurer of the Navy shall deem most expedient for the Purpose; and so soon as the Wages and Prize Money due to the Deceased shall have been calculated in the proper Departments, the Amount shall be noted on the Check, and, after abating the Proctor's Charges, the Balance shall be paid to the Party personally, or by Means of a Remittance Bill, in the Manner and under similar Regulations as are hereinbefore

Minister or Curate rejecting Petition to state his Reasons.

Minister to procure Execution of Commission.

Check to be issued by Inspector.

160

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

No Proctor to deliver out Probate or Letters of Administration to any oilier than the Treasurer.

Limiting the Expence of Probate.

Penalty on Proctors, &c. offending against this Act.

before provided with respect to other Remittances of Wages, mid the Check shall then be delivered to the Party to stand instead of Probate or Letters of Administration, to enable him to receive whatever other Sums may become payable to the Deceased's Estate.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ptoctor, Registrar, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Letters of Administration, Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to any other Person than the Treasurer of the Navy or the said Inspector, in the Manner directed by this Act, such Proctor or other Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay any Prize Money due to a Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine under any Authority whatever, other than the Inspector's Check directed by this Act, such Payment shall be null and void, and the Agent or Agents so paying the same shall forfeit for every and each such Offence a Sum equal to the Amount of the Prize Money paid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Registrar, Proctor, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court shall, under any Pretence, take or receive any more for the Stamp, Seal, Parchment, Writing, Fees, and Trouble attending the suing forth the Probate of any Will or any Letters of Administration to the Effects of any Warrant or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, whereby any Person may be enabled to obtain any Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowance of Money of any Kind in respect of Services in the Navy, than the several Sums specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed: Provided nevertheless, that if any Increase or Diminution shall take place in the Stamp Duties payable on any Instrument connected therewith, then the Charges shall be increased or diminished to the Extent of the Change in such Duties, but no further: Provided always, that in Cases of extraordinary Trouble or Expence, the Proctor shall be allowed to make additional Charges in proportion thereto, and if the same shall appear reasonable to the Inspector he may allow the same, but otherwise the same shall be submitted to the Treasurer of the Navy, and if he shall disapprove thereof, the same shall be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court, without Fee or Reward, unless the Charges shall have arisen in consequence of any Litigation or Suit, in which Case a Fee of Three Shillings shall be allowed to the Officer for Taxation.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Proctor, or other Person shall take more than the several Sums allowed in the said Schedule, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Costs of Suit; or if any Registrar, Proctor, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court shall knowingly or willingly be aiding or assisting in procuring Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, whereby any Person may be enabled to claim any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind for the Services of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, otherwise than in the Manner prescribed by this Act, every such Registrar, Proctor, or other Officer shall for every such Offence

forfeit

C. 20.

161

forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit his Office and be rendered incapable of acting in any Capacity in any Court of Admiralty or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Executor or Administrator of a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall die before he shall have received the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances payable to his Testator or Intestate, it shall be lawful for the Inspector to investigate the Right of any Person claiming Payment of the same or to represent according to Law the Person of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Noh-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and being satisfied of such Right, to certify the Name and Place of Abode of such Person upon the Check or Certificate, and that in his Judgment the Claimant is the rightful Representative of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and entitled to receive whatever may remain due in respect of his Services as aforesaid; and thereupon if the Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances remaining unpaid shall appear to the Inspector not to amount nor likely to amount to more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer, and also for any Agent or Agents for Prizes respectively, to pay to such Person all Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, and other Allowances of Money so due or to become payable, without requiring him to take out fresh Letters of Administration; but if the same shall amount or appear to the said Inspector to be likely to amount to more than that Sum, then the same shall only be paid upon fresh Letters of Administration, to be obtained in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

LXIV. And for preventing Frauds, which have been frequently practised by Persons falsely pretending to be Creditors of deceased Seamen and Marines, be it further enacted, That no Letters of Administration shall be granted to any Person claiming as a Creditor of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, but that every such Creditor shall be entitled to receive the Amount of his Claim (if just) out of the Assets of the Deceased, or so far as the same will extend for that Purpose, when the just Amount of the Debt or Claim shall have been ascertained and approved as hereinafter provided; (that is to say,) every Person claiming as a Creditor shall deliver to the said Inspector an Account in Writing, subscribed with his Name, stating the Particulars of the Demand and the Place of his Abode, and verified by his Oath, or, being a Quaker, by his Affirmation in Writing taken before any Justice of the Peace, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer; and if any Application for a Certificate to obtain Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration to the Effects of the Deceased shall be made, the Inspector shall give Notice to the Applicant of the Name and Place of Abode of the Creditor, and the Amount of the Debt, and shall also cause Notice to be given to the Creditor of the Place of Abode of such Applicant; but if no such Application shall have been made at the Time of the Delivery of the Claim, the Inspector or other Person authorized by the said Treasurer shall proceed to investigate the Account of

Manner of proceeding in case of Executors, &c. dying before the Receipt of Wages.

For preventing fraudulent Claims by pretended Creditors of Seamen and Marines.

162

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

such Creditor, for which Purpose he is hereby empowered and directed to require from such Creditor a Production before him of all Books, Accounts, Vouchers, and Papers relating to his Demand, and satisfactory Evidence thereof; and if such Creditor shall, by due Proof, satisfy the said Inspector or other authorized Person of the Justice of the Demand in part or in the whole, then the same shall be allowed as shall appear just; but if all Books, Accounts, Vouchers, and Papers shall not be produced, or a sufficient Reason assigned for not producing the same, or if the said Inspector or other authorized Person shall not be satisfied of the Justice of the Demand, then he shall disallow the same: Provided always, that in case such Creditor shall be dis-satisfied, he shall be at liberty to appeal against such Decision to the said Treasurer, who shall thereupon inquire into the same by the Examination of the Parties and their Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation taken or made before the said Treasurer or any Justice of the Peace, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Treasurer and any Justice as aforesaid are hereby severally authorized to administer,) and to allow or disallow the Claim, in part or in the whole, as to the said Treasurer shall seem fit, and the Decision of the said - Treasurer shall be final and conclusive in the Premises: Provided always, that no Claim of any Creditor shall be admitted or allowed unless the same be made within Two Years next after the Death of the Party upon whose Assets the Claim is made, nor unless the same shall appear to have accrued within Three Years next before the Death of such Party.

Creditors to be

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if within the Space paid if there are of Twelve Calendar Months from the Delivery of the Claim no j^dministreW Application shall have been made by any Person in the Character tem either of Executor or Administrator, the Creditor shall be entitled to receive so much as shall have been allowed to be due to him as aforesaid out of the Monies payable in respect of the Services of the Deceased, so far as they will extend to satisfy the same, and thereupon the Inspector shall grant to the Creditor a Certificate of the Allowance of such Claim in the Form heretofore used, or in such other Form as shall by the said Treasurer be deemed expedient, and so much of such Wages as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Claim so allowed shall be paid or remitted to the Creditor in the Manner herein provided for the Remittance of Wages to Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that if any Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be due to the Deceased, the same shall be payable to such Creditor only in the Manner hereinafter directed; (that is to say,) if the Wages and other Allowances of Money shall not be sufficient to discharge the Claim, the proper Officer in the Navy Pay Office shall state at the Foot of the Certificate the Amount paid to the Creditor, and it shall not be lawful for the Creditor to demand or receive from any Person any Prize Money or Bounty Money due to the Deceased except as hereinafter next mentioned; (that is to say,) such Prize and Bounty Money, if the same shall be in the Hands of an Agent, shall be paid over as in Cases of unclaimed Prize Money, and the Creditor, on the Production of such Certificate to the Officer appointed to pay the Prize Money, shall be entitled to receive from him so much of the Deceased's Prize Money or other Allowances as shall

be

C. 20.

165

be sufficient to discharge his Demand, and upon the same being satisfied, the Inspector shall retain the Certificate as a Voucher or Document of Office: Provided also, that if there shall be more Creditors than One, they shall be satisfied according to the Priority of the Allowance of their respective Claims, but so as not to deprive any Creditor of any Priority he may by Law be entitled to by reason of any Specialty, provided Notice in Writing of the Particulars of such Specialty shall have been given to the Treasurer of the Navy in due Time.

LXVI. And whereas by an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, Agents for Prizes are prohibited from paying any Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Person upon any Order made within the Distance of Five Miles of the Place where the same shall be payable, (such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in course of Distribution at the Time of making such Order,) under the Penalty therein mentioned; Be it further enacted, That if any Agent licensed by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, or if any other Person, shall insert or cause to be inserted in any Order for Payment of Prize Money or Bounty Money payable in respect of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in His Majesty's Navy, the Name of any captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress, or Place, the Proceeds of which or the Bounty Money payable in respect whereof shall be then in course of Distribution within Six Miles of the Place where such Name or Names shall be inserted, and where such Order shall be intended to be attested under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, or shall utter any such Order with the Name or Names of any such captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress, or Place inserted therein, for the Purpose of demanding or receiving Payment of any Prize Money or Bounty Money for or in respect of such captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress, or Place, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being then in course of Distribution or Payment within Six Miles of the Place where such Order shall have been made or drawn and attested, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXVIL. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be discharged for any Cause from any Ship of His Majesty, the Captain shall cause to be made out and sign a Certificate describing the Period of such discharged Person's Service on board the Ship, his Number on the Ship's Books, and his Stature, Complexion, and Age, which shall be delivered to the Party at the Time of his Discharge; and no Petty Officer, Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer or Marine shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances, unless he shall produce such Certificate at the Time the same are claimed, or unless he shall be identified by One or more of the Commission or Warrant Officers who belonged to the Vessel during some Part of the Period for which he may so claim; and no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be discharged from any Ship of His Majesty into any other such Ship, shall be entitled to receive any Wages or Allowances for

Agents not to produce Prise Orders executed within Six Miles of the Place of Payment.

Captains to deliver Certificates to discharged Seamen.

18* C. 20. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Payment of Orders under 10/. executed by Seamen.

Sums not exceeding 201. due to deceased Petty Officers to be paid on Certificate.

the Ship to which he shall have last belonged unless he shall enter and be mustered Three Times in the Ship into which he shall be so discharged, or shall appear upon the Books of the Ship into which he shall next go to have been regularly discharged therefrom; or in case of his having been taken by the Enemy, or if the Ship in which he shall have last served shall have been lost or destroyed* and he shall have survived, unless he shall return so soon as it shall be in his Power to do so, and enter again within a reasonable Time on board some Ship of His Majesty; or in case he shall be discharged from his Ship to any Naval Hospital or Sick Quarters* unless he shall return to his Ship when discharged from such Hospital or Sick Quarters, or be discharged out of the Service; or unless in any of the said Events reasonable Cause be shown to and allowed by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment, and the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy making the same, for not producing such Certificate or for Noncompliance with any thing herein directed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted,. That when any Wages not exceeding Ten Pounds shall be payable by the Rules of the Navy to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, it shall be lawful for him to make an Order in Writing for Payment of the same upon the Treasurer of the Navy, which Order nevertheless shall be revocable as in the Case of Powers of Attorney, and the same shall be attested by the Captain or any other of the signing Officers, or a Lieutenant of the Ship on board of which such Wages were earned, accompanied with a Certificate from One of the signing Officers or Lieutenants of the Particulars of the Service of the Drawer of such Order; and the said Order and Certificate shall be examined by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, and if he sees no Cause to suspect the Authenticity thereof he shall stamp and pass the same for Payment, hut otherwise he shall report the same to the Treasurer of the Navy, and aliall enter his Caveat, which shall prevent any Money from being received thereon until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer; and if the Party making such Order shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, the Order shall be attested in the like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Attestation of Letters of Attorney, and shall be accompanied by the like Certificates of Service, and be subject to the like Examination and Caveat, as is above directed with regard to Orders made by Persons in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that the Privilege hereby given shall not extend to any Person who shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service for any other Cause than being unserviceable, but every such last-mentioned Person shall, according to the Rules of the Navy, wait until the Ship from whence he shall have been discharged shall come in course of Payment.

LXIX. And in order to avoid the Expence which the Relatives of deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines may be otherwise obliged to incur to obtain Payment of small Sums due for the Services of such deceased Persons, be it enacted, That in all Cases when any Monies not exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be due on account of any Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances payable on account of the Services of any deceased Petty Officer, Seaman,

Non *

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

165

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine/ it shall be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, after having, by the requisite previous Steps, as before directed, ascertained the Right of any Claimant to Probate of the Will or to Administration of the Effects of the Deceased, to issue a Check or Certificate to that Effect, in such Form as by the Treasurer of the Navy shall be deemed expedient; and to the same end, in all Cases when any Monies not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty-two Pounds shall be payable on account of any Pay or Half Pay or Pension of any deceased Officer of the Navy or Royal Marines, or of any Pension to any deceased Widow of an Officer, or on account of any Allowance from the Compassionate Fund to any deceased Person, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer of the Navy or for the Paymaster of Royal Marines, as the Case may be, after having ascertained in a satisfactory Manner the Right of any Claimant to Probate of the Will or to Letters of Administration of the Effects of the Deceased, and that the Deceased has not left any other Assets to be administered than the Arrears of Pay, Half Pay, Pension, or Allowance, not exceeding Thirty-two Pounds as aforesaid, to issue a Certificate to that Effect, in such Form as shall be deemed expedient; and upon such Check or Certificate of the Inspector, and upon such Certificate of the Treasurer of the Navy and Paymaster of Royal Marines respectively, Payment of the Monies so due, not exceeding the respective Sums of Twenty Pounds and Thirty-two Pounds as aforesaid, shall be made to the Parties named in such Checks and Certificates respectively, either personally, or, if they shall desire it, by Remittance Bill in the Manner by this Act provided with respect to Payments by Remittance; and all Payments made under such Checks and Certificates, not exceeding the respective Sums aforesaid, shall be as effectual and legal as if the same had been made under any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration duly granted by the proper Court, and shall be allowed to the said Treasurer and Paymaster of Royal Marines in their respective Accounts.

LXX. And whereas many Cases occur of Officers of the Royal

Navy and Royal Marines, and of Seamen and Marines, entitled c to Pay, Half Pay, Pension, or Prize Money, becoming insane or

lunatic, in which it is not deemed by their Relatives expedient,

1 by reason of the Expence and of there being no other Monies

or Estate to administer, to take Measures according to Law for obtaining a Commission of Lunacy; and it is expedient that the Monies accruing due to them should be advanced for their Support Be it therefore enacted, That in any of such Cases, when it shall be made appear to the Treasurer of the Navy or to the Paymaster of Royal Marines, as the Case may be, by satisfactory Evidence, that any Officer, Seaman, or Marine is insane, lunatic, or otherwise, from his State of Mind, incompetent to the Management of his Affairs, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Paymaster to pay over to the Wife, Relative or other Person having the Care and Maintenance of such incompetent Person, such Monies as shall become payable, or such Portion thereof as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid shall think fit, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Support of such incompetent

Monies due to lunatic Officers or Men made payable to Persons baring the Care of them.

166

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1- GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Pensions to Widows.

Admiralty may make Regulations for the Payment of Marine Half Pay, &c.

Wages, Pay, Prize Money, &c. not claimed within Six Years, to be declared forfeited.

Letters to and from the Treasurer or Paymaster to go

free.

Limitation.

Letters to and from certain other Officers to go free.

Person; and every Payment so made shall be deemed good and valid, and be allowed to the said Treasurer and Paymaster respectively in their Accounts.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Pensions to which the Widows of Officers of the Royal Navy are or may be entitled under any Commission, Warrant or Order of His Majesty, shall be paid in the same Manner as other Pensions for Services in the Royal Navy are payable; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Two or more of them, for the Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from time to time to alter the same, in relation to the Payment of Half Pay to the Officers of Royal Marines, and of the Allowances from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as they shall deem requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Half Pay and Allowances: Provided always, that every such Order, Rule, or Regulation may from time to time be revoked or altered by any Warrant or Order under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Wages, Pay, Half Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension, Gratuity, or Allowance of any Kind payable in respect or in consideration of the Services of any Officer, Seaman, or Marine in the Royal Navy, shall not be claimed or demanded by or on the Behalf of the Person to whom the same was so payable, or, in case of his or her Death, by any Person legally entitled thereto, within Six Years next after the Period at which the same respectively first became due and payable, or the Services in respect of which the same may be payable were performed, the same shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, upon sufficient Cause being shown for any Delay or Neglect which may have occurred in making any such Claim, to exercise a Discretion thereupon, and to authorize the Payment of the same, notwithstanding any such Forfeiture thereof.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to or sent by the Treasurer or the Paymaster of the Navy for the Time being shall be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under the same Restrictions as the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces is by Law authorized to send and receive Letters and Packets free of Postage: Provided always, that so far as relates to the Paymaster of the Navy, the Provision herein contained shall not continue in force beyond the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to and sent by the Inspector of Seamen's 'Wills and Letters of Attorney for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs of or relating to the said Office of Inspector, and all Letters and Packets in relation to Officers and Seamen's Wages sent, in the Execution of this Act, by the Cashier or other Officer in the

Navy

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 2G.

167

Navy Pay Office appointed for paying Seamen's Tickets, and all Letters and Packets in relation to Remittances, Half Pay, Pension,

Bounty, and Allowances from the Compassionate Fund, sent, in the Execution of this Act, by the Officer or Clerk to be nominated by the Treasurer of the Navy for that Purpose, and all Letters and Packets in relation to Widows9 Pensions sent, in the Execution of this Act, by the Officer or Clerk to be nominated by the Treasurer of the Navy for that Purpose, shall be free from the Duty of Postage; and all such Letters and Packets which shall be forwarded by the said Inspector, Cashier, Officers, and Clerks respectively shall be under Cover, with the Words," Pursuant to Act of Parliament of 11th George 4th," printed on the same; and the said Inspector, Cashier, Officers, and Clerks respectively sending the same shall sign their respective Names under such Words; and if any such Inspector, Cashier, Officer, or Clerk, or any other Person, shall send or cause to be sent, under any such Cover, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than what shall relate to the public Business of the several Departments of the Navy Pay Office and Navy Office, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets addressed to the Commissioners of the Navy or to the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, relating solely to the Business of their respective Departments, shall be free from the Duty of Postage, and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively to authorize and direct certain Persons in each of their Offices or Departments respectively (not exceeding the Number of Three in Time of Peace, and Six in Time of War, in the Navy Office, and the Number of Two in Time of Peace, and Four in Time of War, in the Victualling Office, a List of whose Names shall be from time to time transmitted by the respective Commissioners aforesaid to the Secretary of the General Post Office in London,) to send Letters and Packets, relating to the Business only of their respective Departments, free of Postage, all which Letters and Packets shall be under Cover, with the Words," On His Majesty's Service," and " Navy Office," or " Victualling Office," as the Case may be, printed on the same; and the said Persons so to be authorized as aforesaid shall 6ign and subscribe their respective Names under such Words, and all such Letters and Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the Navy and Victualling Offices respectively; and all the said Persons are hereby strictly forbidden so to subscribe and seal any Letter or Packet, except such only as they shall know to relate solely to the Business of their respective Offices; and if any such authorized Person or any other Person shall send, or cause or permit to be sent, under any such Cover, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than what shall relate to the public Business of their respective Departments, every Person so offending shall for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sura bf One hundred Pounds, and for the second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if As to Letters

any Letter, Paper, or Thing whatsoever shall be sent under Cover 8601 to

- *r - Q -- - - - Comroissio

... not relating

victualling

Regulation as to such Letters.

Penalty for infringing such Regulations.

Letters relating to the Business of the Commissioners of the Navy or the Victualling Department to go free, subject to the Regulations herein mentioned.

to the Commissioners of the Navy or to the Commissioners for Cornimss, onen

168

* o!e!y to the Business of their Office.

Tickets, &c. to be good Vouchers to the Treasurer.

Exemption from Stamps.

Agent's Commission.

victualling His Majesty's Navy, the same not being actually upon His Majesty's Service and relating solely to the Business of their respective Offices, the said Commissioners respectively are hereby required forthwith to forward the same to the Postmaster General, with the Covers, in order that the Contents thereof may be charged with the Duty of Postage.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Pay Lists, Orders, and other Documents upon which any Payment is authorized by this Act to be made by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be allowed and taken, on the passing of his Accounts, as good and sufficient Vouchers to him for so much Money as shall be therein directed to be paid, and shall have been paid by him thereon.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills to be drawn by the Commissioners of the Navy or the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, or any of them, relating to the public Service, or in the Execution of this Act; all Bills to be drawn by any Commission, Warrant, or Petty Officer of the Navy, or any Officer of Royal Marines, or other Person, under the Authority of this Act, and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy or by the Paymaster of Royal Marines; all Orders, Tickets, Cheques, Certificates, Vouchers, and other Documents made out in pursuance of this Act; all Receipts for Money paid to the Treasurer of the Navy on account of the public Service; and all Receipts for Wages, Allowances of every Kind, Pensions, Bounty, and Half Pay or Prize Money, or in respect of Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy or by the Paymaster of Royal Marines, or by any Collector of Customs and Excise in the Execution of the Provisions of this Act or under the Authority of the same; shall be and are hereby wholly exempted from all Stamp Duty whatever.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Agent or other Person who shall be employed in the Receipt of any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Pension, or Allowances payable in respect of the Services of any Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person in the Royal Navy, shall be entitled to take or retain more than Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying over any such Wages, Prize Money, Pension, or other Allowances, and for all his Attendance and Trouble in relation thereto, over and above the Disbursements in respect of Postage and public Fees and other Charges which such Agent shall have necessarily paid: Provided always, that in the Cases only of the Accounts of Captains and Pursers, and Officers acting as Captains and Pursers, it shall be lawful for such Agents to charge in manner following; (that is to say,) the Sum of Three Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Pay of all Captains, and Officers acting as Captains, and so in proportion for a smaller Sum; and the Sum of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Pay, Allowances, and Balance Bills of all Pursers, or Officers acting as Pursers, and so in proportion for a smaller Sum; which respective Allowances shall be deemed a full Compensation to such Agents, over and above all Postages and public Fees and Allowances which shall have been necessarily disbursed by them; and if any such Agent or other Person shall directly or indirectly charge, demand, receive, or retain, or permit or suffer to

be

C. 20.

169

be charged, demanded, received, or retained, any Allowance or Consideration exceeding the Allowance hereby authorized, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXX. And to prevent any unjust or fraudulent Arrests of Seamen or Marines, as well as to prevent Credit being improperly given to them while belonging to any Ships of His Majesty, be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to arrest or take out of His Majesty's Service any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Private Marine, belonging to any Ship of His Majesty, by any Warrant, Process, or Writ of Execution whatever, to be issued either in the United Kingdom or in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for any Debt or alleged Debt, unless such Debt shall have been contracted by such Officer, Seaman, or Marine at a Time when he did not belong to His Majesty's Service, and unless before the issuing of such Process or Execution the Plaintiff in the Suit, or some Person on his Behalf, shall make Affidavit in the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, that the Debt justly due and oving to the Plaintiff, over and above all Costs, was contracted by the Defendant at a Time when he did not belong to the Service of His Majesty, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Execution, and of the Warrant issued in pursuance thereof; and if any Person be nevertheless arrested contrary hereto, it shall be lawful for the Court or any Judge of such Court, upon Complaint made thereof by the Party himself, or by his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and to make an Order for the Discharge of every such Person so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and he shall thereupon be discharged out of Custody without Payment of any Fee whatever; and such Court or Judge shall also award to the Party so complaining the Costs of such Complaint, to be taxed by the proper Officer, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Plaintiff might have had for his Costs in case Judgment had been given for him, with Costs, against the Defendant in the said Action.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations herein contained shall, so far as the same can be applied, extend to the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates of Royal Marines, in respect of their Services on board any of His Majesty's Ships.

LXXXII. And whereas by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year ' of King George the Second, and the said first-mentioned Act of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Third, hereby repealed, certain Provisions were established for the care and Main-

tenance of British Seamen who, by Shipwreck, Capture, or ' otherwise, might be left in Distress in Foreign Parts; and it c is expedient that other Provisions should be substituted for the ' due Care and Subsistence of seafaring Persons thus circum-

stanced; Be it therefore enacted, That the Governors, Ministers, Consuls, and other Officers of His Majesty in Foreign Parts, and in Places where there shall be no such, then any two British Merchants there residing, shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to send for and provide for all such seafaring Men and Boys, being Subjects of the United Kingdom, who shall

by

To prevent Arrest of Seamen, &c.

Act to extend to the Royal Marines.

Provision for Seamen left abroad in Distress.

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

by Shipwreck, or by any other Means* or from any Cause whatever, be driven to or cast away or left or be in Distress at any such Foreign Parts or Places, or who shall have been discharged from any of His Majesty's Ships, and they and every of them are hereby required to provide for and subsist all such seafaring Men and Boys, and for so doing they shall be allowed so much per Day as hath been or shall be in this respect authorized by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Amount of which Disbursements they shall send Bills, together with proper Vouchers, to the Commissioners of the Navy, in order that, after due Examination of such Vouchers, Payment of the Amount thereof may be made to them; and the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls, other Officers, and Merchants, shall cause such Men and Boys to be put or sent on board the first or any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Subjects of His Majesty which shall be bound from thence or from the Neighbourhood to any Part of the United Kingdom, and shall be in want of Men to make up their Complement; and if there shall be no such Ship in want of Men within a convenient Time, then they shall provide and order a Passage home for such seafaring Men and Boys in the first Ship or Vessel of His Majesty's Subjects bound to any Part of the said United Kingdom; and every Master or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall and he is hereby required to receive and afford a Passage, and Subsistence during the Voyage, to all such seafaring Men and Boys as shall be so 6ent on board his Ship, not exceeding Four for every One hundred Tons of his Ship's Burthen; and every such Master, on the Production to the Commissioners of the Navy of a Certificate under the Hands of any such Governors, Ministers, Consuls, other Officers, or Merchants, specifying the Number and Names of the Men and Boys, and the Time when they were so received on board, and upon making Oath as to the Number of Days they were subsisted, and that he did not during that Period want of his own Complement of Men, or if he did want any, then the Number he so wanted of his Complement, and for what Time he shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners an Allowance in respect of the Subsistence and Passage of each such Man and Boy (exceeding the Number so wanting of his Complement), according to such Rate per Day as in that Behalf hath been or shall be authorized by the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid; and in case any Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship shall neglect or refuse to receive on board his Ship, and to subsist and give a Passage to any such seafaring Man or Boy, in breach of this Enactment, every Person so offending shall be liable to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds for each Man or Boy he shall so neglect or refuse to receive, subsist, or give a Passage to, which Penalty shall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Exchequer at Westminster, and that in such Information the Offence or Offences shall and may be alleged to have been committed at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex; and the Court in which any such Information shall be prosecuted shall be and is hereby authorized to issue a Commission or Commissions

for

C. 20.

171

for the Examination of Witnesses abroad, the Depositions taken under which shall be received in Evidence on the TYial of such Information.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, or offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged, any Ticket, Pay List, Extract from any Ship's Books, or any Certificate whatever authorized or required by this Act, or any Inspector's or other Cheque, or any Letter of Attorney, Assignment, Power, or Authority, in order to obtain or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Half Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowance of Money due or supposed to be due in respect of the Services of any Commission, Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or any Commission or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or any other Person, performed or supposed to be performed in the Royal Navy; or if any Person shall forge, or offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, any Purser's or other Certificate to a Bill of Exchange, or any Approval of any such Bill, respectively required by this Act; or if any Person shall forge, or offer, or utter or put off, knowing the same to be forged, any Receipt for Wages payable under Allotment or otherwise in respect of the Services of any Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or shall forge the Name or Handwriting of any Officer of the Royal Navy or Royal Marines to any Receipt for Half Pay or Arrears of Half Pay, or the Name or Handwriting of any Widow to any Receipt for any Pension or Arrears of Pension, or the Name or Handwriting of any Person to any Receipt for an Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy; or shall offer, utter, dispose of, or put off any forged Receipt for Half Pay or Arrears of Half Pay, or for any Widow's Pension or Arrears of such Pension, or for any Allowance from the Compassionate Fund, knowing any such Receipt to be forged, with Intent in any of the said Cases to defraud any Person whomsoever, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Yeafs, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall falsely and deceitfully personate any Commission, Warrant, or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Commission or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or the Wife, Widow, or Relation, Executor, Administrator, or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or any Person entitled to any Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Half Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension, or any Part thereof, Gratuity or other Allowance for Money due or payable, or supposed to be due or payable, to any such Officer, Seaman, or larine, or to the Wife or Widow, Relation, Executor, Administrator, or Creditor of any such deceased Officer, Seaman, or Marine, >rany Allowance to any Person from the said Compassionate Fund, irith Intend to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to

be

Punishment for forging Ticket, &c.

Punishment for personating any Officer, See.

m

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Punishment for taking a false Oath in order to obtain Probate, &c.

Punishment for subscribing false Petition.

be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor lew than Two Years.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall fraudulently and deceitfully take a false Oath, in order to obtain Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of any deceased Commission, Warrant, or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Commission or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; or if any Person shall fraudulently receive or demand any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension, or any Part thereof, or any Allowance of Money whatever, payable or supposed to be payable in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or any Pension to the Widow of an Officer, upon or by virtue of any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration, knowing such Will to be forged, or such Probate or Letters of Administration to have been obtained by means of a false Oath, with Intent in any of the said Cases to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor leas than Two Years.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall subscribe any false Petition or Application to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy or to the Paymaster of Royal Marines, falsely and deceitfully representing herself or himself therein to be the Widow, Executor, nearest or one of the nearest of Kindred of any deceased Commission or Warrant Officer of the Navy, or Commission Officer of Marines, or of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or shall utter or publish any such Petition or Application, knowing the same to be false, in order to procure, or to enable any other Person to procure, a CertiOcate from the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills or from the Paymaster of Royal Marines as herein-before respectively provided, thereby to obtain, or to enable any other Person to obtain, without Probate or Letters of Administration, Payment of any Wages, Pay, Half Pay, or Pension, or any Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or Payment of any Wages, Prize Money, or Allowances payable in respect of the Services of any Officer, Seaman, or Marine in the Royal Navy, or thereby to obtain, or to enable any other Person to obtain, Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of any deceased Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; or if any Person shall receive or demand any Wages, Pay, Half Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension, or Arrears thereof, or any other Allowance due or payable in respect of the Services of any Commission or Warrant Officer of the Navy, or Commission Officer of Royal Marines, or of any Petty Officer, Seaman, Noncommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, upon or by virtue of any Certificate of the Inspector of Seamen's Wills or Paymaster of Royal Marines respectively as aforesaid, knowing any such Certificate to have been obtained by any false Representation or Pretence; every such Offender shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the

Court,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

173

Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years and not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Punishment for forge, or shall utter, offer, or exhibit, knowing the same to be forged, any Paper Writing purporting to be an Extract from any ^t^ingCfalse Register of Marriage, Baptism, or Burial, or any Certificate of Vouchers. Marriage, Baptism, or Burial, in order to sustain any Claim to any Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies due or payable in respect of the Services of any Officer, Seaman, or Marine in His Majesty's Navy, or to sustain any Claim to any Half Pay payable to an Officer of the Royal Navy or Marines, or to any Pension as the Widow of an Officer, or to any Payment or Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or to any Gratuity or Bounty of His Majesty given to the Relatives of Persons slain in Fight with the Enemy; or if any Person shall make any false Affidavit, or utter or exhibit any false Affidavit, Certificate, or other Voucher or Document, in order fraudulently to procure any Person to be admitted a Pensioner as the Widow of an Officer of the Royal Navy, or in order to sustain any Claim to any Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies, or to any Half Pay or Pension, or Arrears thereof, or any Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or to any Gratuity or Bounty as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Person whomsoever; every Person in any of the said Cases offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years and not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Case of to Pnnd-every Offence made Felony by this Act, every Principal in the Second Degree and every Accessary before the Fact shall be gnj^and Ac-punishable in the same Manner as the Principal in the First De- ceuaries. gree is by this Act punishable; and every Accessary after the Fact to any such Felony shall, on Conviction, be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and that where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence punishable under this Act for which Imprisonment shall or may be awarded, it shall be lawful for the Court to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and also to direct that the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for the Whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, as to the Court in its Discretion shall seem meet.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer Punishment of or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall obtain or attempt to obtain his Pay, or any Part thereof, upon or by means of any false or forged Certificate purporting to be a pay by means Certificate of Service in or Discharge from any of His Majesty's of false Certi-Ships, or from any Hospital or Sick Quarters, every Person so ficates. offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury are by Law liable to.

C. 20.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

False Oath or Affirmation punishable as Perjury.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy to act as Justices.

Definition of Terms.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take a false Oath or make false Affirmation in any Case wherein an Oath or Affirmation is authorized or required by this Act to be taken or made, and foriwhicb no Punishment is otherwise by this Act provided, every such Person, being thereof duly convicted, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law subject to.

XCL. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties exceeding Twenty Pounds imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, either by Information in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, by His Majesty's Advocate, or by Action of Debt in the Name of any Person who may sue for the same; and that all Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds shall and may be recovered before any Justice of the Peace in any Part of the United Kingdom in the same Manner, in all respects, as is provided by Two several Acts passed in the Third and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Penalties by ^summary Proceeding before Justices of the Peace; and that one Moiety of all such Penalties, when recovered, shall be to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the Navy, for His Majesty's Use.

XCII. And, for the more speedy and effectual bringing to Justice Persons who shall commit any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, or any One of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time, in all Places whatever, to execute the Office and Duty of a Justice and Justices of the Peace in causing any Person charged with any of the Offences mentioned in this Act to be apprehended, committed, and effectually prosecuted for the same; and all Constables, Headboroughs, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatever, shall and they are hereby respectively required from time to time diligently to execute and obey all such Warrants as shall be made, directed, or given to them, or any of them, by any One or more of the Parties aforesaid, touching any of the Matters and Things herein-before contained; and all the Laws made or to be made for the Ease, Safety, and Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office, shall extend to the Treasurer and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy respectively acting in the Execution of this Act, and to all Constables and Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers or Persons acting under the Warrant or Authority of the said Treasurer or Commissioners, or any of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted.

XCIII. And, in order to avoid Doubts as to the Construction of certain Parts of this Act, be it further enacted, That by the Terra " Ship " is meant and intended every Description of Vessel employed in His Majesty's Service whose Officers and Crew shall be in the Pay of the Royal Navy; and that by the Term " Captain" is meant and intended the Officer, of whatever Rank he may be, who shall be in the Command of the Ship; and that all Months herein

mentioned

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 20.

17 5

mentioned shall be deemed to be Calendar Months, excepting only in the Computation of Wages and of the Time for which Officere shall be allowed to draw their Pay, which shall be cast and computed by the Lunar Month of Twenty-eight Days, according to the Custom of the Navy; and that all Persons composing the Complement of a Ship shall be deemed to be Petty Officers or Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines or Marine respectively, excepting such as shall appear by the Muster Book to be Admirals or Flag Officers, or Commodores, Captains, Commanders, Lieutenants, Masters, Second Masters, Pilots, Physicians,

Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Chaplains, Secretaries to Flag Officers, and their Clerks, Pursers, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Commissioned Officers of Marines.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral The Admi-or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High ralty to Admiral for the Time being shall cause Measures to be taken for *

providing the several Forms of Books, Bills, Certificates, Tickets execu and other Documents authorized or required by this Act; and if any Case not herein provided for shall arise, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to make such Order thereupon as shall be deemed most conducive to the Interests of the public Service, and of the Individuals engaged therein, and for carrying the Intentions of this Act into effect; and they shall also cause an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations herein contained to be made and printed, and a competent Number of Copies thereof to be furnished to the Treasurer of the Navy, principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy at home and abroad, to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise in the United Kingdom respectively, to the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies and of the Settlements within the Charter of the East India Company, to His Majesty's Consuls abroad, to the Registrars and Deputy Registrars of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, to the Governors and Agents of Naval Hospitals and Sick Quarters, and to the Commanding Officers of the several Divisions of Royal Marines, who are hereby strictly required to cause the same to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of their respective Offices, and to promulgate the same in their respective Departments; and a competent Number of Copies of such Abstract shall also be supplied to the Captains and Commanding Officers of all His Majesty's Ships, each of whom is hereby enjoined, so soon as the Ship which he shall be appointed to command shall be put into Sea Pay, to cause One of such Abstracts, together with the Articles of War, to be hung up in or affixed to the most public Place in the Ship, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept up and renewed, so that it may be at all Times accessible to the whole of the Crew, and he shall also cause such Abstract to be distinctly and audibly read over once in every Month in the Presence of the Ship's Company, immediately after the Articles of War are read; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby enjoined to inquire whether such Abstract and the said Articles of War have been duly hung up and read as directed, and not to grant to any Captain or Commanding Officer his general Certificate until they shall be fully satisfied thereof, to the end that every Person serving on board His Majesty's Ships may at one and the

same

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

same Time hear and know the Forfeitures and Punishment he is liable to for Neglect or Disobedience, and likewise the Advantages and Benefits to which he is entitled by a due and faithful Performance of his Duty, and that if he shall suffer any Oppression or Injury in His Majesty's Service he may be the better enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, who are hereby required, on any Complaint made to them, to cause strict Inquiry to be made into the Circumstances, and if the Complaint shall appear to them to be well founded, to grant Relief forthwith.

SCHEDULE.

TABLE OF FEES

TO BE TAKEN

For PROBATES of WILLS, LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, and LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION with WILL annexed, of Warrant and Petty Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and also of Common Seamen and Marines, in pursuance of this Act.

Probates.

Under what Sum the Effects sworn. Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Navy, or a Non-commissioned Officer of Marines. Where the Deceased was a Common Seaman or Marine.

If the Executor be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, or Sister of the Deceased. If the Executor be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him. If the Executor be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, or Sister of the Deceased. If the Executor be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

If the Executor I sworn in London j £ 20 40 60 100 £ s. d. 0 7 0 1 0 6 1 4 0 1 8 6 £ s. d. 0 16 6 1 10 6 1 13 0 1 15 6 £ S. d. 0 7 0 0 11 0 0 14 6 0 19 0 £ «. d. 0 16 6 1 1 0 13 6 16 0

If the Executor sworn in the coim- try by Commission 1 20 40 60 100 0 19 0 1 17 0 2 1 6 2 8 0 1 12 0 2 12 6 2 15 0 2 17 6 0 19 0 1 7 6 1 12 0 1 18 6 1 12 0 2 3 0 2 5 6 2 8 0

A.D. 1830.. U° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 20.

1.77

Administrations, and Administrations with Will annexed.

— Under Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Navy, or a Non-commissioned Officer of Marines.

what Sum the Effects sworn. If the Administrator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, or Sister of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

Administrations Intestate. Administrations, Will annexed. Administrations Intestate. Administrations, Will annexed.

If the Administrator J sworn in London | £ 20 40 60 100 £ s. d. 0 12 6 2 5 6 2 9 0 2 13 6 £ s. d. 0 15 0 2 9 0 2 14 0 2 18 6 £ 8. d. 1 3 0 2 16 0 3 6 6 3 9 0 £ 8. d. 1 8 0 3 2 0 3 14 0 3 16 6

If the Administrator sworn by Commis- < sionintbe Country 1 20 40 60 100 0 12 6 0 16 0 0 19 6 1 4 0 0 15 0 0 19 6 1 4 6 19 0 1 3 0 2 6 6 2 17 0 2 19 6 1 8 0 2 12 6 3 4 6 3 7 0

— Under what Sum the Effects sworn. Where the Deceased was a Common Seaman or Marine.

If the Administrator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother, or Sister of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

Administrations Intestate. Administrations, Will annexed. Administrations Intestate. Administrations, Will annexed.

If the Administrator J sworn in London | £ 20 40 60 100 £ s. d. 0 19 6 2 17 0 3 1 6 3 8 0 £ 8. d. 1 2 0 3 0 6 3 6 6 3 13 0 £ 8. d. 1 13 6 3 13 0 4 2 6 4 5 0 £ 8. d. 1 18 6 3 19 0 4 10 0 4 12 6

If the Administrator sworn by Commission in the Country 1 20 4*0 60 100 0 19 6 1 7 6 1 12 0 1 18 6 1 2 0 1 11 0 1 17 0 2 3 6 1 13 6 3 3 6 3 13 0 3 15 6 1 18 6 3 9 6 4 0 6 4 3 0

N

1 ! GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to confirm certain Leases of Lands for the Purposes of carrying on the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

27 G.S. (I.> | intituled An Act to extend the

Powers given by Law to certain Persons for making Leases of

Lands for the Purposes <f building and carrying on the Linen Manufacture, reciting and extending the Powers of a former

Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Fifth Year of

His said late Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, that it should be lawful to and for every Person seised in Possession, in Law or Equity, of any Estate in Fee Tail, or for Life with immediate Remainder over to or in Trust for his Issue, to demise Land

out of his said Estate whereof he should be so seised, being no Part of the Demesne usually occupied with the Mansion

House, and not exceeding Fifteen Acres, Plantation Measure, in the whole, for Three Lives, renewable for ever, to any Person or Persons who should engage and contract to carry on some Branch of the Linen Manufacture; provided that such Leases should be made upon the Terms and Conditions and subject to the Regulations in the said Act mentioned and contained: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled

£ A A a A, jf f ____ D___7__i *_/^it. T *__ I 77_______ 1#

6 G. 4. c. 122. 4 An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland, the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Ireland were (among others) repealed, and made null and void s 4 And whereas, before the passing of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Persons had made and entered into Agreements for the demising Lands in Ireland for the Purposes and under the Conditions mentioned and specified in the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, or One or both of them; and since the passing of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty some of such Persons may have executed Leases in pursuance of such Agreements, and it may happen that other Persons who may have made and entered into such Agreements may not yet have executed Leases in pursuance thereof; and it is expedient that all such Leases should be confirmed and declared valid and effectual, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

All Losses ud. thority of the same, That in all Cases in which any Person, being <l.er Agreements Tenant in Tail or for Life as aforesaid, shall, at any Time be-asrimTof ^ore Pass*n£ the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of His 6 CL4. c. 122. present Majesty's Reign, have made and entered into and signed declared valid any Agreement in Writing for the demising of any Land out of if made accord- his Estate for the Purposes and under the Regulations mentioned ing to the Di- an(j specified in the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Ire-

C. 2, 1, 22,

17?

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

land, any and every Lease which at any Time before the passing of this Act shall have been made and executed, and any and every Lease which at any Time after the passing of this Act shall be made and executed, in pursuance of such Agreement so made and signed before the passing of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Lease had been made and executed at any Time before the passing of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign: Provided always, that such Lease shall have been or shall be made under the Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions contained and expressed in the said recited Acts of the Parliament of Ireland respectively, but not otherwise.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment (f Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charred with Offences, in

Ireland, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to direct and order that any Number of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland should be erected and established in and for such District in Ireland as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council should seem expedient; 1 and that every such District should and might consist either of the whole or Two or more Counties, or of One or more County or Counties and One or more County or Counties of Cities or 1 Towns, or of One County, or County of a City, or County of a 4 Town only, and no more, but should not in any Case include Part only of any County, County of a City or Town; and that all Lunatic Poor within every such District respectively should be maintained and taken care of in the Asylum belonging to such District; and that every such Asylum established or to be established for any District consisting of more than One 4 County or One County of a City or County of a Town shall be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than One hundred nor more than One hundred and fifty in any One Asylum, as shall seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council; and that where any such District should consist of only One 4 County or County of a City or County of a Town, and no more, 4 every such Asylum should be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than Fifty, as should seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Council; and that every Order of Council to be made for any such Purpose should be published

rations of the

first-recited Acts.

I &2G.i c. S3.

55 G.S. c. 107.

Last-recited Act repealed, except as to Matters already done.

Richmond Asylum shall become a District Lunatic Asylum for the City of Dublin.

Grand Juries of Dublin, &c. shall make Pre-

C. 22. 116 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

in the Dublin Gazette: And whereas certain Lunatic Asylums ' have, since the passing of the said Act, and under the Authority thereof, been from time to time erected and established for certain Districts in Ireland: And whereas the Building commonly known by the Name of "The Richmond Lunatic Asylum," in the City of Dublin, has been hitherto used as an Asylum or ' Hospital for the Reception and Management of Lunatic Patients, and is well adapted to answer the Purposes for a Lunatic Asylum for the City of Dublin, and such County or Counties in the Neighbourhood thereof as together with the said City may, under the Provisions of the said Act, be considered proper to ' constitute One District: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and intituled An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors in the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin, a power was given to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint Governors of the said Asylum, and such Governors are thereby constituted a Corporation, with the several Powers thereby conferred, and the said Building, and all Ground and Soil thereto belonging, together with all Materials thereon, are vested in the said Governors and their Successors for ever: And whereas by reason of the said last-mentioned Act, the Appropriation of the said Asylum to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum as herein-before mentioned is attended with Difficulties, which it is expedient to remove: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty shall be and the same is hereby accordingly repealed, save and except so far as relates to any Matters or Things heretofore done under the Authority thereof, all which Matters and Things shall be and remain valid and in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Building called the Richmond Lunatic Asylum shall and may be and become a Lunatic Asylum for the County of the City of Dublin} and for such other County or Counties as from time to time may, under the Provisions of the said Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, be constituted together with the said City of Dublin a District for a Lunatic Asylum; and that all Rules, Orders, Regulations, Rights, Powers, Author^ ties, Privileges, Liabilities, Provisoes, and Enactments contained in the said Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty shall and may from time to time, as Occasion may require, be extended, applied, used, exercised, and enforced to and in respect of the District so to be constituted, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as in the Case of any District Lunatic Asylum created or established by or subject to the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and of each other County which may or

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 22, 23. 181

shall from time to time constitute Part of or be included in the *entmenti for District belonging to the said Asylum, and such Grand Juries are Su?p?t of hereby respectively required, to present, to be raised off the said 8UC um' City and each such County respectively, any Sum or Sums of Money requisite to pay the Expences of the said Asylum, as well those of any Building, Alteration, or Reparation thereof, or of the Purchase of any Ground or Property for the Purposes thereof, as those of the Maintenance, Clothing, and other Charges of the Patients therein, in like Manner, with the same Authorities, and under the same Regulations and Restrictions as are provided in and by the said Act of First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign with respect to any District Lunatic Asylum.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Juries of the *nd«1*ofor County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and

of each County from time to time included in the District belonging to the said Asylum, shall and may present, to be raised off the said City and each such County respectively, all such Sums of Money as may be necessary to defray the Expences of transmitting and removing from the said City or each such County respectively, to the said Asylum, such Persons as it shall be necessary or expedient from time to time so to transmit or remove.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Asylum vested Act the said Asylum, and the Ground and Soil where the same in CommU-stands, and the several Materials and Appurtenances, shall be and uoners under' become vested in such Commissioners as shall, pursuant to the 1&2G, 4' Provisions of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years Ca 3S *

of His Majesty, be nominated and appointed for the District to which the said Asylum shall belong, or any Three of them, and to their Heirs and Successors, in Trust for and to the Uses and Purposes of the said Asylum as such District Lunatic Asylum.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint certain Persons to

affix His Majesty's Royal Signature to Instruments requiring such Signature.

[29th May 1830.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to communicate to Your Parliament, that Your Majesty is labouring under severe Indisposition, which renders it painful and inconvenient to Your Majesty to sign, with Your own Hand,

those Instruments which require the Sign Manual; and that Your Majesty relies upon the dutiful Attachment of Parliament

to consider, without Delay, of the Means by which Your Majesty may be enabled to provide for the temporary Discharge of this important Function of the Crown, without Detriment to the

Public Service: We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, have taken Your Majesty's gracious Message into our immediate Consideration; and, although trusting in the Providence of Almighty God that Your Majesty may be speedily restored to Health and Strength, we feel it our Duty to Your Majesty and to the People of this Realm to comply with Your

Majesty's most gracious Recommendation and we do therefore

C. 23.

11° GEO. IV. & laGUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

His Majesty may appoint One or more Persons to affix His Royal Signature, in the Manner herein set forth, to any Warrant or other Instrument requiring the Sign Manual.

A Memorandum, describing the Nature of the Warrant, &c. to be indorsed thereon.

As to Combi issions in the Army.

Stamps to be prepared for the Purpose by Order of the Lord President:

Custody of the same.

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant or Commission under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to appoint One or more Person or Persons, to be therein named, not being any or either of the Persons hereby authorized to sign the Memorandum herein-after mentioned, with full Power and authority to each of them to affix, in His Majesty's Presence, and by His Majesty Command, given by Word of Mouth, His Majesty's Royal Signature, by means of a Stamp to be prepared for that Purpose in the Form following; that is to say," Geobob R."; or in Cases where the Royal Signature has usually been by Initials only, then by means of a certain other Stamp, to be prepared for that Purpose in the Form following; that is to say," G» R."; to any Warrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument, subject to the Provisions and Regulations hereinafter contained; and His Majesty's Royal Signature, so affixed, shall be valid and effectual, and have the same Force and Effect as His Majesty's Sign Manual, and shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, and be obeyed as such.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person so to be appointed shall affix His Majesty's Signature as aforesaid to any Warrant, Commission, or other Writing, or Instrument, unless a Memorandum in Writing shall have been previously indorsed thereon, describing the Nature and Object of such W'arrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument, signed by the Lord High Chancellor, the President of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Seal, the First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, and His Majesty's Three Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, or any three or more of them; and that to His Majesty's Royal Signature so affixed shall be subjoined the Words following; that is to say," Affixed in His Majesty's Presence, and by His Majesty's Command;" which shall be signed by the Person affixing the same.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Commissions to Officers in His Majesty's Land Forces, the Memorandum to' be indorsed thereon as aforesaid shall be signed by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, or by the General commanding in chief for the Time being, and that no other Signature shall be required to such Memorandum.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Stamps so to be prepared as aforesaid shall be prepared by the Order and under the Direction of the Lord President of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and shall be kept in the Custody of the Lord High Chancellor, or the President of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, or the Keeper of His Majesty1* Privy Seal, or the First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, or One of His Majesty's Three Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, and shall not be affixed to any such Warrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument except in

their

183

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 23, 24.

their Presence, or in the Presence of One or more of them, who shall attest the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That each of the Persons so authorized to affix His Majesty's Royal Signature shall, before he shall presume to act under His Majesty's Warrant or Commission authorizing him so to do, take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will not affix the Royal Signature 4 A to any Warrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument, except in His Majesty's Presence, and by His Majesty's Command, given by Word of Mouth, and according to the Provisions of an Act, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to

appoint certain Persons to affix His Majesty's Royal Signature to Instruments requiring such Signature; and that I will truly and faithfully perform the Duty entrusted to me by His Majesty under the Provisions of the said Act. So help me GOD.

Which Oath shall be taken before the Lord High Chancellor, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent His Majesty from signing any Warrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument, with His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, in the usual and accustomed Manner, or to prevent any Warrant, Commission, or other Writing or Instrument, so signed by His Majesty, from having the same Validity and Effect as if this Act had not passed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in full Force until the End of the present Session of Parliament; hut the same may be altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Australian Agricultural Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in the Colony of New South Wales, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[29th May 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

W of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by a Charter, to be called The Australian Agricultural Compony? for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in the Colony of New South Wales, and for other Purposes relating

thereto, it was enacted, that in case His Majesty should, within Three Years next after passing that Act, be pleased, by Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant that such Persons as therein mentioned should be a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Australian Agricultural Company," for the Purposes therein expressed, the said Company should have and enjoy the Rights and Privileges, and be subject to the Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions,

N 4? 4 in

The Persons authorized to affix the Royal Signature shall take an Oath.

Not to prevent His Majesty from signing Warrants in the usual Manner.

Term of Act.

5 G.4. c. 86.

184

0.24.

11° GEO. IV. & l» GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

deducing the Number of Directors.

No Directors ' go out by

in the said Act mentioned and contained: And whereas Hit Majesty was graciously pleased, by His Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the First Day of November in the Fifth Year of His Reign,

to grant and declare that the several Persons therein named,

and such others as were therein expressed, should be a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Australian Agricultural Company," and by that Name should have perpetual Suecession and a Common Seal, and by that Name should and might sue and be sued, plead and impleaded, at Law or in Equity; and His said Majesty did thereby declare that the said Corporation should be and was established for the Purpose of cultivating Waste Lands in the said Colony of New South fVales9 4 and that the Business and Affairs of the said Corporation should be managed and conducted, and the Officers thereof elected and appointed, in the Manner and Form in and by the said Act provided in that Behalf, and in none other: And whereas some of the Provisions in the said Act contained for the Regulation and Government of the said Australian Agricultural Company have b\een found inconvenient, and it is expedient to alter and amend the same:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai from and after the passing of this Act no Vacancy already existing or hereafter to arise or exist in the Number of the Directors of the said Company shall be filled up until the Number of Directors shall be reduced below Twelve; and in case the Number of Directors shall be reduced below Twelve, by Death, Resignation, or Disqualification of the existing Directors, before the Third Tuesday in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, a new Director or Directors, as the Case may require, shall be chosen, in the Manner directed in and by the said Act, to make up the Number of Twelve Directors; and in case the Number of Directors shall not by the Ways and Means aforesaid be reduced to Twelve at or before the said Third Tuesday in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, 6ucha Number of the Directors shall then go out of the said Office of Director as shall reduce the Number of existing Directors to Nine, and on the Third Tuesday in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and in each successive Year, Three other Directors shall go out of the said Office of Director; and at the General Meeting of Proprietors which shall be holden on the Third Tuesday in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or within Fourteen Days after, and at the like General Meeting in each succeeding Year, there shall be an Election of Three Proprietors, qualified as in the said Act mentioned, who shall be Three of the Directors of the Affairs of the said Company for Four Years, to be computed from the Day of Election, and until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any or either of their Places.

II. And be it enacted, That none of the Directors shall go out of the said Office, by Ballot or Rotation, on the Third Tuesday in

the

A.D. 1830. 1 lo GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 2*.

185

the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, nor shall any Election of Directors be had at the General Meeting of Proprietors to be then held.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Mode of determining the Directors who shall go out of the Office of Director, and the Mode of Election and Right of being re-eligible to the said Office, shall be the same as are in the said Act mentioned, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of; and that all the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Act vested in the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Twenty-four Directors of the said Company, shall be vested in and shall and may be exercised by the Governor, Deputy Governor, and existing Directors of the said Company, until they shall be reduced to Twelve, and thenceforth by the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Twelve Directors of the said Company, in the same Manner and as amply and fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been Part of the original Constitution of the said Company.

IV. And whereas it is in and by the said Act provided that the said Company, or the Directors to be appointed by virtue ' of that Act, should cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who had subscribed for or might at any Time thereafter be entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Company,

with the Number of such Share'or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share should be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by

their Clerk, and, after such Entry, a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company, and countersigned by the Clerk, 4 should be delivered to every Proprietor, upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Company, and such Certificate should be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or (her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate should not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from ' selling or disposing thereof: And whereas the Issue of such Certificate as aforesaid under the Common Seal of the Company has been found to produce Inconvenience; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Proprietor shall be entitled to require any such Certificate, nor shall any such Certificate heretofore granted or to be granted be of any Force or Effect whatever.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said Act provided that all Questions at any General or other Meeting of the said Company shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present, according to their respective Shares, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; 1 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman of any such Meeting to take the Decision of such Meeting, on any Questions submitted to them, by Show of Hands of the Proprietors present; provided that it shall be competent to the Chairman, or to any Two Persons being Proprietors of not less than Ten Shares each, if he or they shall be dis-satisfied, to demand that such Question shall he decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present in the Manner in

the

Rotation, nor any to be elected, in 18SI.

Regulating the Manner of Directors going out of Office.

Repealing Provision in former Act respecting Certificate of Shares.

Amending Provision in former Act respecting the Manner of voting at Meetings.

j

Company authorised to hold Lands in Great Britain.

Public Act

55 G.3. c. 49. repealed.

II G. 4. c. 13.

His Majesty may authorise

C. 24, 25, 26. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

the said Act provided, which Decision shall be immediately taken in manner therein prescribed.

VI. And whereas it may become necessary for the Purposes of the said Company that the said Company should be authorized to hold Lands and Tenements in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation to hold to them and their Successors such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland as shall be contracted for and purchased or acquired by them, and to hold, alienate, sell, and dispose of the same; provided that the said Corporation shall not at any one Time hold any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland exceeding in Value the Sum of One thousand Pounds per Annum.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to he a Public Act, and shall extend and be in force in the said Colony of New South Wales and its Dependencies, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others in the United Kingdom aforesaid, and in the said Colony and its Dependencies, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for procuring Returns of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors.

[17th June 1830.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Exchequer Bills for the Payment of the Proprietors of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland who have signified their Dissent under an Act passed in the present Session for transferring such Annuities into Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities.

[17th June 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act has passed in this present'Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for transferring certain Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities <f Three Pounds and Ten Shillings or Five Pounds per Centum per An* 4 num: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should he made for the Payment of such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors, Administrators, and Assigns, who have signified or who shall signify their Dissent, within the Periods respectively prescribed by the said recited Act, from accepting and receiving Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centwn Annuities, under the Provisions of the said recited Act:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign

Manual,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 26.

Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster to an Amount equal to the Stock in the new Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland for which the Proprietors thereof, or Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, have signified or shall signify, within the Period limited by the said recited Act, their Dissent from accepting and receiving Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum in lieu of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, under the Provisions of the said recited Act; and all such Exchequer Bills shall be made out and issued in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act,) as are specified, prescribed, and contained in an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may btear an Interest not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and the Principal and Interest thereof respectively shall be made payable at such Periods as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all'and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled after the respective Days on which they shall become due and payable, shall and may after that Time pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster from the said Receivers or Collectors; but no such Receiver or Collector shall exchange at any Time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been

issued

187

the Treasury to Issue Exchequer Bills to sn Amount equal to the Stock in the new Four per Cents, for which the Proprietors, &c. decline to accept Annuities after the Rate of 31. 10*. per Cent in lieu of 4 /. per Cent

48 G.S. c.l.

Powers of recited Act 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to this Act

Exchequer Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 3d. per Cent per Diem.

Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after they become payable.

C. C6.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the Supplies for 1831.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt may purchase Exchequer Bills with Monies or Fqnds standing in their Names, under Acts

9 G.4. c. 92.

10 G.4. c. 24., 10'G.4. c. 27 .;

and shall be entitled to 3$ per Cents, for Exchequer Bills purchased with Monies or Funds in their Names under 9 G.4. c. 92.

issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against against such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof, any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that such of the same Bills as shall be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as Cash according to the Course of the said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Exchequer Bills which shall be issued under the Provisions of this Act shall be made chargeable and are hereby charged upon and shall be payable and paid out of any Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

VI. (And whereas certain Monies, Stocks, or Funds have been ' and may become vested in and standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the

Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

in pursuance of the several Acts hereinafter mentioned; that is ' to say, an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Savings ' Banks s an Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National ' Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years;

and another Act of the said Tenth Year, intituled An Act to 1 amend the several Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National

Debt; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply such Monies or any Part thereof, and to sell such Stocks and Funds, and to apply the Proceeds thereof, or any Part of such Proceeds, as the said Commissioners shall deem most fit and convenient, in the Purchase of any Exchequer Bills, and advance the Whole or any Part of such Monies, Stocks, or Funds upon the Credit of any such Exchequer. Bills; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VU. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of the Year during which such Exchequer Bills shall have been purchased, or during which any such Monies or Proceeds shall have been advanced and lent, under the Provisions of this Act, with and out of any Monies or Funds standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England on account of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall certify to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury the Amount of the Sums of Money paid or advanced for such Purposes; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, from time to time to order and direct the Governor and Company of the said Bank to direct their Accountant General to enter and place to the Credit of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Account standing in the Books of the

189

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 26, 27.

said Bank under the Title of "The Fund for the Banks for Savings," an Amount of new Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities equal to the Sum expressed in any such Warrant; and the first half-yearly Payment of the Dividends upon such Annuities shall be made on the Day on which the next half-yearly Dividend shall be payable on the Thr^e Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities created by the said Act of this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities which shall from time to time be placed to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by virtue of such Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, under this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall from time to time be added to and shall form Part of the Capital of the new Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities created by the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament; and the Dividends arising therefrom shall, as the same shall become due, be charged upon and be payable out of, and the same are hereby made chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Exchequer Bills which shall be purchased or upon which Monies shall be advanced by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Provisions of this Act, (except as hereinafter excepted,) shall be delivered from time to time to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, to be cancelled.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt (if and whenever they shall deem it expedient to do so) to retain, and exchange for other Exchequer Bills, from time to time, according to the usual Course of the Exchequer, the Whole or any Part of the Exchequer Bills purchased or upon which Monies shall have been advanced by them, under the Provisions of this Act, with the Monies or Funds standing in their Names in the Books of the said Bank on account of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, in lieu of receiving Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities for the same, as herein-before directed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to make Provision for the lighting and watching of

Parishes in England and Wales.

[17th June 1830.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to make Provision for the lighting

W and watching of the several Parishes in England and Wales; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act and the several Provisions thereof shall apply to and may be adopted, under and

subject

Such 3$ per Cents, shall form Part of new Th^ee per. Cents, under Act of this Session.

Cancelling of

Exchequer

Bills.

Commissioners may retain and exchange for other Exchequer Billasuch as shall he purchased on account of the Act 9 G.4. c. 92.

Act applicable to all Jfturiahes.

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

On Application of Three rated Inhabitants, Churchwardens to convene a Meeting in Vestry to der termioe whether the Proi»ions of this Act shall be adopted *

At such Meetings Inhabitants to vote according to Amount rated to Relief of the Poor.

Chairman to be lected.

subject to the Regulations herein contained, by all or any or either of the Parishes in England and Wales.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Application of Three or more of the rated Inhabitants of any Parish, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens thereof, and they are hereby required, within Ten Days after the receipt of such Application as aforesaid, to appoint and notify a Time and Place for a public Meeting in Vestry of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for the Purpose of determining whether the Provisions in this Act contained shall be adopted and carried into Execution in the said Parish: Provided always, that the Time appointed for holding the said Meeting shall not be less than Ten Days and not more than Twenty-one Days from the Time of the said Application so being delivered to them as aforesaid, and that Notification of the Time and Place of Meeting shall he made by forthwith affixing a Notice on the principal outer Door of every Parish Church or Chapel situate within such Parish, and also by Publication of the same in the Parish Church or Chapel, on the Sunday previous to the Day appointed for holding such Meeting, during or immediately after Divine Service.

III. And be it further enacted, That at any such Meeting every Inhabitant present, who shall by the last Rate which shall have been made for the relief of the Poor of the Parish have been assessed and charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent, Profit, or Value not amounting to Fifty Pounds, shall have and be entitled to One Vote and no more; and every Inhabitant then present, who shall in such last Rate have been assessed or charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent or Rents, Profit or Value, amounting to Fifty Pounds or upwards, (whether in One or more than One Sum or Charge,) shall have and be entitled to give One Vote for every Twenty-five Pounds of annual Rent, Profit, aod Value upon or in respect of which he shall have been assessed or charged in such last Rate, so nevertheless that no Inhabitant shall he entitled to give more than Six Votes; and in Cases where Two or more of the Inhabitants present shall be jointly rated, each of them shall be entitled to vote according to the Proportion and Amount which shall be borne by him of the joint Charge; and when One only of the Persons jointly rated shall attend, he shall he entitled to vote according to and in respect of the whole of the joint Charge; provided that when any Person shall have become an Inhabitant of any Parish, or become liable to he rated therein, since the making of the last Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, he shall be entitled to vote for and in respect of the Lands, Tenements, and Property within such Parish for which he shall have become liable to be rated and shall consent to be rated, in like Manner as if he had been actually rated for the same; provided also, that no person who shall have refused or neglected to pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor which shall he due and shall have been demanded of him shall be entitled to vote or be present at any such public Meeting in Vestry of the Inhabitants of the Parish for which such Rate shall have been made, until he shall have paid the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Person as may be elected by the Inhabitants present shall preside as Chairman at

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 27.

191

such Meetings; and that if any Controversy shall arise at any such Meeting as to the Qualification or Right of voting or Eligibility of any Person claiming to vote, or as to the Qualification or Eligibility of any Candidate, such Controversy shall be determined by the Chairman presiding at such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman who shall preside at any Meeting assembled as herein-before directed shall read or cause to be read the Requisition whereupon the Meeting shall have been summoned, and shall require the Persons assembled thereat to determine by Majority of Votes, whether the Provisions of this Act as hereinafter set forth shall or shall not be adopted and acted upon within such Parish: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Majority of the rated Inhabitants present to adjourn such Meeting from time to time.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any such Meeting it shall be determined by a Majority of Three Fourths of Votes, ascertained as aforesaid, that the Provisions of this Act shall be adopted, then and in such Case such Provisions shall from thenceforth take effect and come into operation in such Parish; and it shall forthwith be determined that a certain Number, not being more than Eleven nor less than Three Inspectors, shall be elected to carry such Purposes into effect; and the Number of Inspectors so determined upon shall be elected in manner hereinafter mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act shall, at the first Meeting or some Adjournment thereof, fix the highest Amount of Rate in the Pound which the said Inspectors shall have Power to call for in any One Year in order to carry into effect the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Meeting convened as aforesaid shall have determined against adopting the Provisions of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Inhabitants to meet again in less than One Year from the Period at which such Meeting shall have been convened for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors hereinbefore mentioned shall be elected in manner following; (that is to say,) each Candidate, being a Person who shall reside within such Parish, and who shall have been assessed or charged by the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in respect of a Dwelling House or other Tenement or Premises of the annual Value, according to the said Rate, of Fifteen Pounds or more, shall be eligible to be elected an Inspector for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be proposed at the said Meeting by some Person duly qualified to vote thereat, and shall be seconded by some other Person in like Manner qualified; and if more Candidates than the Number of Inspectors authorized to be elected shall be proposed, and a Poll shall be demanded by any Ten Persons qualified to vote, on behalf of any such Candidates, then the Chairman shall open and proceed with such Poll, and in a Book or Books prepared for that Purpose, which Book or Books the Churchwardens are hereby required to cause to be prepared, shall enter or cause to be entered the Name of all such Candidates and the Name of every Person duly qualified to be present and vote, who shall desire to

vote,

Chairman to read Requisition, &c.

If Meeting determine to pro. teed, the Provisions of this Act shall thenceforth take effect.

Inhabitants to fix the Maximum of Rate.

If Meeting determine against adopting this Act.

Mode of electing Inspectors.

. 192

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Inspectors to go out of Office on the 39th of September of every Third Year.

Triennial Meetings for electing Inspectors to be held on the Second Monday in September.

vote, together with his Description and Abode, and shall register the Vote of every such Person for every or any such Candidate as every such Person may respectively require; and if the Votes of all the Persons duly qualified and desirous to vote cannot be conveniently collected and registered by Four of the Clock of the same Day upon which the Poll shall have been commenced, then the Chairman shall at that Hour adjourn such Poll to the Day next succeeding, unless such Day shall be a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, and in that Case to the Day following, and then proceed to collect and register the Votes of all Persons duly qualified and applying to vote: Provided nevertheless, that the Poll shall finally close at Four o'Clock on the Day to which it shall have been adjourned, or sooner, provided all Persons duly qualified and desirous to vote shall have voted, and after the Lapse of One Hour without any Person offering to vote; and as soon after the Close of the Poll as may be possible, the Result thereof shall be declared at the Place where the Election may have been holden, and certified by the Chairman to the Overseers of the Poor; and the said Churchwardens shall be reimbursed all such reasonable Charges and Expences as may be incurred in providing Clerks and Books, and otherwise in the Performance of the Duties hereby required of them, by the Candidates at the said Election for the said Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be elected an Inspector in any Parish under the Provisions of this Act shall go out of Office on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the Third Year from the said first Election; and in place of such Inspectors so going out of Office a like Number of other Inspectors, to be elected as hereinafter provided, shall come into Office, and remain in Office for Three Years, and at the Expiration of such last-mentioned Term of Three Years shall in like Manner go out of Office and be succeeded by other Inspectors, who shall remain in Office for a like Term of Three Years, and so on for ever: Provided always, that any of such'outgoing Inspectors shall be re-eligible and may be re-elected, and shall in such Case continue to act and remain in Office; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of any Parish to which the Provisions of this Act shall be extended shall, previous to the Second Monday in September in every Third Year, give due Notice, in the JVfanner by this Act required with respect to the first Meeting to be held under this Act, that a Meeting will be holden on such Second Monday in September for the Election of Inspectors for the Execution of this Act for the Three Years next succeeding; and the Chairman appointed to preside at such Election shall proceed in such Manner as the Chairman at the first Meeting to be held under this Act is hereinbefore directed to proceed in the Election of the Inspectors to be first appointed for the Execution of this Act, and shall decide on Questions which may arise as to the Eligibility or Qualification of any Person whatsoever, and as to all Matters whatsoever connected with the said Election, and shall declare the Result of the same as aforesaid.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

P.?7>

19$

XII. And be it farther enacted, That in case any Inspector shall, die, or become disqualified by Change of Residence or otherwise, or shall neglect to act, and in case of any casual Vacancy happening in any Manner whatever, so that the Number of Inspectors shall be reduced to less than Three, Notice shall be immediately given by the acting Inspectors to the Churchwardens of the Parish, who shall forthwith in the Manner directed by this Act call a Meeting of the Inhabitants as aforesaid, for the Purpose of filling up such Vacancy or Vacancies.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors for executing this Act in any Parish shall meet oti the First Monday in every Month at Noon at some convenient Place or Office previously publicly notified; and at such monthly Meeting it shall be lawful for any Inhabitant rated to the Relief of the Poor of any such Parish to appear there and prefer any Matter of Complaint which he may think proper to make concerning any Matter or Thing done by force or in pursuance of or under Pretence of the Provisions of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Inspectors shall meet at all other Times and so often as at any previous Meeting shall be determined upon; and it shall be at all Times competent for any One Inspector, when Three Inspectors only shall have been appointed, and in all other Cases for any Two Inspectors, by Writing under his or their Hands, to summon, upon at least Forty-eight Hours Notice, the Inspectors, for any special Purpose therein named, and for such Time as shall be therein named; and that at all Meetings of such Inspectors any Number not Jess than One Third of the whole Number, when more than Three Inspectors shall have been appointed, and when only Three Inspectors shall have been appointed, then not less than-Two Inspectors, shall constitute a Quorum for transacting Business.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors elected in any Parish under this Act for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint, during Pleasure, such Treasurer and other Officers as they shall think necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and to remove and displace the same, and to hire and rent a sufficient Office or House or Room for holding their Meetings and transacting their Business, and also to appoint suitable Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to and for such Treasurer and other Officers, and also to agree for a reasonable Rent for such Office or House or Room, and to pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, and such Rent, out of the Monies received by the Inspectors under the Authority of this Act*; Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall at the same Time hold Two Offices or Situations under the said Inspectors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby required, to take Security from the Treasurer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office of Treasurer according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, which Security shall be to the full Amount of the Sum likely to be in the Hands of the said Treasurer at any One Time; and in case any

How Vacancies in the Number of Inspectors shall be filled up.

Inspectors to meet ^monthly *

Special Meetings of Inspectors.

Quorum.

Inspectors to appoint Officers during Pleasure, and rent an Office for the Transaction of their Business.

Security to be taken from Treasurer.

194

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Treasurer and Officers to account.

Proceedings against Officers beglecting to account.

such Treasurer shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of Three Weeks next after his Appointment, to give or offer such Security to the Satisfaction of the said Inspectors, then the Appointment of every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the said Inspectors shall within Three Weeks then next assemble and appoint some other fit and proper Person to the Office of Treasurer instead of the Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and shall so assemble and appoint from time to time until Security shall be given to their Satisfaction as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer and other Officer appointed by virtue of this Act shall, under his respective Hand, and at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Inspectors shall direct, deliver to the said Inspectors, or such Person as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer received by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and of how much thereof shall have been expended and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and that every such Officer shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from him to the Treasurer for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Inspectors shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Treasurer, Officer, or other Person shall refuse or neglect to make and render such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Inspectors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Three Days after being thereunto required by the said Inspectors by Notice in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Inspectors given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to give Satisfaction to the said Inspectors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, respecting the same, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Inspectors, or by such Person or Persons as they the said Inspectors shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before Two Justices of the Peace; and upon the said Officer appearing, or having been so summoned and not appearing without some sufficient and reasonable Excuse, or not being found, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justices that any Monies remain due from such Officer, such Justices may and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 27.

195

I

Goods and Chattels of such Officer shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and selling the said Goods and Chattels, or if It shall appear to such Justices that such Officer had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act remained in the Hands or in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Justices shall and they are hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have given a true and perfect Account as aforesaid, or until he shall have paid such Monies as aforesaid, or compounded with the said Inspectors for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (wtiich Composition the said Inspectors are hereby empowered to make and receive,) and until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Inspectors or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; but no such Offender shall be kept or detained in such Common Gaol or House of Correction for Want of sufficient Distress, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Prosecution or Commitment, under the Provisions of this Act, of any Treasurer or other Officer or Person to be appointed under the Powers of this Act, shall acquit or discharge any Surety or Security that shall or may have been taken by or given to the said Inspectors for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office, or the Payment of the Monies received or to be received by him or them respectively.

XIX. And be k further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as Treasurer, or any other Officer or Servant who shall be in anywise employed by the said Inspectors for putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof into Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as are appointed by this Act, or shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Inspectors, for or on account of any thing aone or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into execution, or shall in anywise be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Inspectors, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors may sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Inspectors for the Time being; and all Actions or Suits that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, or for or in

ect of any other Matter or Tiling relating to this Act, may

0 2 be

Commitment of Offender net to discharge his Sureties.

Officers taking any Fee or Reward, besides the Salary or Fees appointed, to forfeit SOL

Inspectors may sue and be sued in the Name of any One of them.

196

C. 27 *

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Proceedings at Meetings of Inspectors to be entered in Books, which shall be good Evidence

Accounts to be kept *

be brought in the Name of any One of the said Inspectors; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against the said Inspectors, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death of such Inspector, but such Inspector shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in any such Action or Suit (as the Case may be): Provided also, that in all Cases in which the Inspector as aforesaid shall in pursuance of this Act be the Plaintiff or Defendant on the Record in any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in which in effect the said Inspectors shall be suing or sued in the Name of such One Inspector as aforesaid, he (although appearing as the Plaintiff or Defendant on the Record) may and shall nevertheless (if not otherwise interested or objectionable) be a good, examinable, and competent Witness in every Action or Suit, either for or against the said Inspectors; and all the Affidavits of Debt or Service which may be necessary or expedient to be made preparatory to or in the Prosecution or Defence of any and every such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, shall and may be lawfully made by such One Inspector, notwithstanding he shall be nominal Plaintiff or Defendant on the Record as aforesaid: Provided also, that every or any such Inspector in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the same or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced or be defended without the Order or Direction of the said Inspectors.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Inspectors at any of their Meetings shall be entered in a Book to be kept by them for that Purpose, and shall be signed by Two of the Inspectors then present; and all such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings shall then be deemed and taken to be original Acts, Orders, and Proceedings; and such Books shall and may be produced and read as Evidence of all such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings upon any Appeal or Trial, or Information, or any Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors shall and they are hereby required from time to time to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept, in which Book or Books shall be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, and expended for or on account of the Purposes of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed and paid; and such Book or Books shall at all reasonable.Times be open to the Inspection of the said Inspectors and of every Inhabitant rated to the Relief of the Poor of the Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, without Fee or Reward; and the said Inspectors and other Persons aforesaid, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 27.

197

Books, or any Part thereof, without paying for the same; and in case the said Inspectors shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Persons aforesaid to inspect the same, or take Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Inspector shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be levied and applied in manner hereinafter provided.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Month of September in every Year a true Account shall be made in Writing of ail Monies received and paid by virtue of this Act during the preceding Year ending upon the Thirty-first Day of August in every Year and a Copy or Duplicate of such Account, verified on Oath before any Two Justices of the Peace by the said Inspectors or any Two of them, shall be deposited with the said Inspectors, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Parties interested.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Inspectors have been elected as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any Two or more of them, from time to time to issue an Order under their Hands to the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish to which the Provisions of this Act shall be extended, by which Order they shall require the said Overseers to levy the Amount mentioned in the said Order: Provided always, that the Order shall specify the Rate in the Pound at which the Sum mentioned therein shall be computed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers aforesaid shall, for the Purpose of collecting, raising, and levying such Rate, proceed in the same Manner, and have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges, as for levying Money for the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish; provided that the Owners or Occupiers of Land situate in any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act shall be assessed in the Proportion of One Fourth of the Rate so authorized to be demanded by the said Inspectors, and the Owners or Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and other Property rateable to the Relief of the Poor, shall be assessed in the Proportion of the remaining Three Fourths of the said Rate: Provided also, that the Sum to be raised, collected, and levied for the Purposes of this Act shall not exceed in the whole in any One Year the Rate of so much in the Pound on the full and fair annual Value of all Property rateable for the Relief of the Poor within such Parish as shall have been determined on by the Inhabitants at the Meeting assembled in manner herein-before directed, uch full and fair annual Value to be computed according to the last Valuation for the Time being actea upon in assessing the Poor's Rate for the said Parish.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the

Poor of every Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act to whom any Such Order as aforesaid shall be issued, shall pay over the Amount mentioned in such Order to the Treasurer to be appointed in the said Parish under this Act within Forty Days from the Delivery of such Order to One of the Overseers, and shall keep the Accounts of the said Rate levied for the Purposes of this Act separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Rates levied in the same Parish for the Relief of the Poor; and at the Time of making any Payment to the said Treasurer the said Overseers shall deliver to him a Note in Writing, signed by them, specifying ., 0 3 the

Accounts to be made out annually.

Inspectors to issue an Order to Overseen for Payment of Money for the Purposes of this Act

Power to collect Rates.

Overseers to psy Amount to Treasurer.

19a

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Receipt of Treasurer to be Discharge to Overseers.

Where other Persons are authorized to collect Poor's Rates, such Persons to be deemed Overseers.

Overseers may be distrained upon for Nonpayment.

Watchmen to be appointed.

the Amount so paid, which Note shall be kept by the Treasurer as a Voucher for his Receipt of that particular Amount; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, specifying the Amount paid to him by the Overseers, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Overseers for such Amount, and shall be allowed as such in passing their Accounts with their respective Parishes.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Persons other than the Overseers of the Poor shall, by virtue of any Office or Appointment, be authorized and required to make and collect or cause to be collected the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish to which all or any of the Provisions of this Act shall be extended, such Persons, by whatsoever Title they may be called, shall be deemed to be Overseers of the Poor within the Meaning of this Act, and to be included under and denoted by the Words " Overseers of the Poor," for all the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if they were commonly called or known by the Title of Overseers of the Poor.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Amount directed by such Order as aforesaid to be paid by the Overseers in any Parish to which all or any of the Provisions of this Act shall be extended shall not be paid to the said Treasurer within the Time specified for that Purpose in the said Order, any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made to him by the said Treasurer, may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons under his Hand and Seal for the said Overseers so refusing or neglecting to pay such Money as aforesaid to appear before Two Justices of the Peace; and upon the said Overseers appearing, or having been so summoned and net appearing, without some sufficient and reasonable Excuse, or not being found, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, in case the said Money is not paid, to issue their Warrant for levying the Amount, or so much thereof as may be in arrear, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of ail or any of the said Overseers; and in case the Goods of all the Overseers shall not be sufficient to pay the same, the Arrears thereof shall be added to the Amount of the next Levy which shall be directed to be made in such Parish for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be collected by the like Method.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors shall from time to time appoint and employ such Number of able-bodied Watch-house Keepers, Serjeants of the Night, Watchmen, Patrols, Streetkeepers, and other Persons, as they shall think sufficient for the proper Protection of the Inhabitants, Houses, and Property, Streets and other Places, within the Limits of this Act, by Day and by Night, and provide all such Watchmen, Watch-house Keepers, Serjeants of the Night, Patrol, and Persons as aforesaid, with such Clothing, Arms, Ammunition, and Weapons, and shall assign to them such Beat and Rounds and Duties, and appoint such Hours for them to be on Duty, and also such Wages, Rewards, and Gratuities or Remunerations for their Services, and also make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations relative to such Watch-house Keepers, Serjeants of the Night, Watchmen, Patrol, Streetkeepers, and other Persons, and their Duties, as to the said Inspectors shall seem meet; and also shall and may offer and give as well to the said Persons, as to any other not specially employed

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 27.

199

ployed by them, mch Gratuities and Rewards for apprehending Felons and others, Offenders within the Limits of this Act, as to

them shall seem proper; and shall and may defray the Expences of prosecuting any such Felons and Offenders, for the Protec* tioo of the Inhabitants of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, or in defending any of the said Persons or other Officers of the said Inspectors in the Execution of their .Duty, as they shall think proper; and the said Wages, Rewards, Gratuities, and the Costs of such Prosecutions or Defences, and all other Ex* ponces that may be incurred by the said Inspectors for the Pro* taction and Guard of the Inhabitants, shall and may be paid by the said Inspectors out of the Monies received in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen, Ser* Duty of jeants of the Night, Patrols, and other Persons to be appointed Watchmen, /fee. by virtue of this Act shall, during the Time they shall be on Duty, use their utmost Endeavours to prevent any Mischief by Ere, and also to prevent all Robberies, Burglaries, and other Felonies and Misdemeanors, and other Outrages, Disorders, and Breaches of the Peace, within the Limits of me Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, and to apprehend and secure all Felons,

Hogues, Vagabonds, and disorderly Persons who shall disturb the public Peace, or any Person or Persons wandering, secreting, or misbehaving himself or themselves, or whom they shall have reasonable Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and to secure and keep in safe Custody every such Person, m order that he or abe may be conveyed as Boon as conveniently may be before One of Hk Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Watchmen, Serjeants of the Night, Patrols, and other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, to call and reauire any Person or Persons to aid and assist them in taking such Felons,

Rogues, Vagabonds, and all disorderly or suspected Persons as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall assault or resist, or shall promote or encourage the assaulting or resisting, any of the Watchmen, Serjeants of the Night, Patrols, or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, in the Execution of their Duty, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Watchmen, Ser- Watchmen, &c. jeants of the Night, and Patrols, shall be sworn in as Constables to be om in, before any Justice of the Peace, and act as such while in execu* u>have tion of the Powers and Authorities of this Act; and they are tan8t^ble* of hereby invested with, and shall have and enjoy, the like Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, and shall be subject and liable to such and me like Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Constable or Constables is or are invested with, or shall or may have and enjoy, or is or are or shall be subject or liable to by Law.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Fire Engines the said Inspectors and they are hereby required from time to to be provided, time to provide and keep up Fire Engines, with Pipes and other Utensils proper for the same, for the Use of the Parish adopting the iVovisions of this Act, and to provide a proper Place or

£00

Lamp Irons to be put up.

Gas Pipes not to be laid on private Premises without Consent.

Owners of private Ground may alter Position of Pipes.

C. 27. 11° GEO. IV. &. 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Places for the keeping of the same, and to place such Engines under the Care of some proper Person or Persons, and to make him or them such Allowance for his or their Trouble as may be thought reasonable; and the Expences attending the providing and keeping of such Engines shall be paid out of the Money authorized to be received by the Inspectors under the Provisions of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to cause such Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts, or other Poets, to be put or fixed upon or against the Walls or Palisadoes of any Houses, Tenements, Buildings, or Inclosures, (doing as little Damage as may be practicable thereto,) or to be put up and erected in such other Manner within all or any of the said Roads, Streets, and Places within the Limits of this Act, as they shall think proper, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed and put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Posts as they shall think necessary for lighting all or any of such Roads, Streets, and Places, and cause the same to be lighted with Gas, Oil, or otherwise, for such Number of Hours in every Twenty-four Hours as they shall think necessary; and also to cause such a Number of Watch-houses or Watch-boxes to be provided, erected, or affixed, as they shall think necessary for watching all or any of the Streets, Roads, and Places, within the Limits of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Inspectors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, contracting with the said Inspectors for lighting with Gas such Roads, Streets, and public Places, to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, from any Mains or Pipes, against, into, or through any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, or to continue the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings respectively, nor to enable any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, contracting with the said Inspectors for lighting such Streets and public Places, to enter into or upon any private Lands or Grounds, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands or Grounds, for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Soil, Pitching, or Pavement of any Road or Way, for the Purpose of laying any Gas Main or Gas Pipe along, under, or across the same, be broken up, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being, and after the same shall have been so laid and placed such Owner or Owners shall be desirous of having the same removed, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners, at any Time or Times thereafter, if he, she; or they shall deem it necessary or expedient, at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, to alter and vary the Position of such Pipe or Pipes; Main or Mains, and to relay the same, so that no

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 27.

201

Damage be dpne thereby to the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, contracting with the said In* spectors, and so that such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, contracting with the said Inspectors as aforesaid, be not thereby prevented from or obstructed in lighting any public or private Lamp, unless such Damage or Obstruction be unavoidable.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by Order of the said Inspectors in pursuance of this Act, the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whos /ever, making, furnishing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any Houses, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parol or in Writ* ing, to be given or left at their Office or usual Place of transacting their Business, of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop or prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as aforesaid, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice by Parol or in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, then and in every such Case the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day, after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from time to time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two Justices of the Peace, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as aforesaid, by the Warrant of any Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whosoever, making, furnishing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, to lay Iron Pipes of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimensions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Roads, Streets, and other public Places within the Limits of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings or other waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid, doing as. little Damage as may be in laying the said Pipes,

and

For stopping the Escape of Gas.

Penalty for Neglect.

Power to convey away Washings of Gas Works.

202

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

C. 27.

and immediatehr repairing, at their own Expence, all such Damage; provided that no such Washings or other waste Liquids, or any other Matter or Thing made or arising in the Manufae* tore of such Gas, shall be conducted or conveyed into any River, Brook, Canal, or running Stream, and that no such Pipe shall he laid in any Situation where the same can, shall, or may in any Manner interfere with, prejudice, or affect any of the present or future public or private Wells, Sewers, or Drains within the Limits of the Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, or with* out the Consent of the said Inspectors.

Penalty for

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Waah>»n^ to bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Companies of Propria* any Riw &c. *ors* " any other Person or Persons whatsoever, making, famish* ing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any High* way. Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, shall at any Time empty, dram, or convey, or cause or suffer to be emptied, drained, or conveyed, or to run or flow, any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances, or Things whatsoever, which shall arise or be made in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, Reservoir, Canal, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Spring* head or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating with any of them, or do or cause to be done any Annoyance, Act, or Thing to the Water contained in any ef them, whereby the Water contained therein, or any Part thereof, shall or may be spoiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in every such Case any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Com* panics of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, by regular or summary Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same be sued for within Six Calendar Months from after the Time when such An* noyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall have ceased and determined: Provided also, that over and above and in addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and whether such Penalty shall or shall not have been sued far or recovered, in case any of the said Washings or other waste Liquid, or noisome or offensive Liquid, Substances, or Things, shall be emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow, in manner aforesaid, into any River, Brook, or running Stream, or any Reservoir, Canal, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, Pond, or Springhead or Well, or into any Drain, Sewer, or Ditch communicating with any of them, or any such Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing shall be done or caused to be done as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 27.

£03

shall have been given by any Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or any of them, or other the Person or Persons making, furnishing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of this Act, so offending, or to his, her, or their Clerk or Clerks, or to any Person in his or their Service or Employ, and such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been given to them or him as aforesaid, stop and hinder or prevent all and every such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things from being emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or from running or flowing in manner aforesaid, and every such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, Damage, Act, or Thing from being done as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Day such Washings, waste Liquids, or noisome or offensive Liquids, Substances, or Things shall be so emptied, drained, conducted, or conveyed, or caused or suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, or such other Annoyance, Nuisance, Injury, or Damage, Act or Thing shall be so done or caused to be done as aforesaid; and such last-mentioned Penalty shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by this Act directed to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Informer, or to the Person or Persons who, in the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place* shall have sustained any Annoyance, Injury, or Damage by any such Act so done or committed.

XXXIX. And be k further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Conduits to be used or laid for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, through, along, across, or round any Road, Street, or other Place within Hie Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, shall be so laid at the greatest practical Distance, and, whenever the Width of the Carriageway in such Street or Place will allow thereof, at the Distance of Four Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe (already laid down or hereafter to be laid down for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Roads, Streets, or other Places within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, excepting in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the said Water Pipes, in which Cases the said Gas Pipes shall be laid over and above the said Water Pipes at the greatest practical Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Right Angle, and in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said Water Pipes shall be at least Nine Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any Part of the said Water Pipes than Four Feet at least; and in laying down the said Gas Pipes the said Contractors or other Persons supplying Gas shall in no

Case

Gas Pipes to belaid Four Feet from Water Pipes, and in a parti, cular Manner.

20 *

To prevent Escape of Gas and Contamination of Water.

C. 27. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also make and keep all and every such Pipes, and all Pipes connected and communicating therewith, and all the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively air-tight, and in all and every respect prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Water of any Company of Proprietors for supplying the Inhabitants of any Houses within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act with Water shall be contaminated by any of the Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, making, furnishing, or supplying such Gas, shall forfeit 8nd pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, and shall be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company supplying Water as aforesaid; and in case any such Water shall be contaminated or affected by Gas in any Way whatsoever, then and in every such Case the said Company or other Persons making, furnishing, or supplying such Gas shall, within Twenty-four Hours next after the Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Treasurer or other Officer of and for such Water Company as aforesaid, or by any Person making use of such Water, to be left at the usual Place or Office of transacting Business of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, 'or other Person or Persons, cause the most proper and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent Gas from escaping from their Mains, Works, or Pipes, or contaminating or affecting the Water of such Company as aforesaid; and in case the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, making, furnishing, or supplying Gas, shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice so left as aforesaid, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from so escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of every such Complaint, and prevent all and every such Contamination whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid, that then the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid, shall on such and every Complaint forfeit and pay to the Treasurer or^ other Officer for the Time being of such Water Company as aforesaid, for the Use and Benefit of the same Company, over and above the before-mentioned Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Day during which the Water of the said last-mentioned Company shall be and remain contaminated or affected by such Gas; and in default of Payment thereof as aforesaid, such Penalty or Penalties shall and may be recovered by Information to be exhibited on the Oath of One credible Witness, by and in the Name of the Treasurer or other Officer for the Time being of the said Water Company as aforesaid, or by and in the Name of any One or more of the Directors of the said Company, at the Option of the Parties prosecuting

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 27.

205

seCuting such Information against the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, making, furnishing, or supplying Gas, before any Two Justices of the Peace, with Costs, to be assessed by such Justice, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, making, furnishing, or supplying such Gas, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to> grant; and such Penalty or Penalties when so levied shall be paid to the Treasurer or other Officer for the Time being of such Water Company, for the Use of such Water Company.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which it shall be or become a Question upon such Complaint as aforesaid, whether the said Water be contaminated or affected by the Gas of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, making, furnishing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the limits of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Company of Proprietors or other the Owners or Proprietors of any Waterworks to dig to and about and search and examine the Mains, Pipes, Conduits, and Apparatus of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Contamination proceed or be occasioned by the Gas of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid; and if it shall appear that the said Water has been contaminated by any Escape of Gas as aforesaid, the Costs and Expences of the said Digging, Search, and Examination, and of the Repair of the Pavement of the Roads, Street or Streets, which shall be taken up or disturbed, shall be borne and paid by the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as aforesaid, which Costa and Expences of Digging, Search, and Examination shall be ascertained and determined, if necessary, by such Justices as aforesaid, and be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that if upon such Examination it shall appear that such Contamination has not arisen from any such Escape of Gas from any of the Mains, Pipes, or Conduits of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors or other the Owners or Proprietors of such Waterworks shall bear and pay all the Costs and Expences of such Search, Examination, and Repair as aforesaid, and shall also make good to the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid, any I-oss, Injury, or Damage which may be occasioned to the said Mains, Pipes, Conduits, or Apparatus of the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid, in and by such Search and Examination, the Amount of such Injury, Loss, or Damage to be ascertained and determined by such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to

prevent

For ascertaining if the Water be contaminated.

Persons sup. plying Gas

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

206

liable to be in* dieted for a Nuisance.

Penalty for wilfully destroying or injuring Lamps.

How Persons accidentally breaking Lamps are to *' dealt with.

prevent any Person from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against any of the Officers, Servants, or Workmen of the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, making, furnishing, or supplying any Gas used or burnt for lighting any Highway, Street, or Place, or any House, Manufactory, Building, or other Premises, within the Limits of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act, in respect of any Works or other Means which shall be employed by them or any of them in making the said Gas and using the same in furnishing with Lights as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Company of Proprietors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Preparation or the Use of the same Gas, or Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of any of the Persons employed therein, or from any other Cause what* soever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, spoil, or damage any Watch-house or Watch-box, or Lamp, Lamp Iron, Lamp Post, Pale, Rail, Chain, er other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguish the Light of any such Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall see the Offence committed to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority or this Act, and without any Warrant, and to deliver him or them to any Constable, who is to keep him, her, or them in safe Custody, and wkh all reasonable Dispatch to convey him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace; and such Justice shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, ne, she, or they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Lamp, Lamp Iron, or Lamp Post so broken, thrown down, or damaged, and shall also make fell Satisfaction for the Damage which shall have been done thereby, and not exceeding Five Pounds for any other such Ofleoce as aforesaid, and shtul also make full Satisfaction for the Damage which shall have been done thereby; and one Moiety of each Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case any such Offender shall not on Conviction pay the said Forfeiture and Satisfaction, such Justice as hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, if such Justice shall so order, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, males* such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall carelessly or accidentally break any of the said Lamps, Lamp Irons, or Lamp Posts, or do any other such Damage or Injury as hereinbefore is mentioned, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Inspectors for the Damage or Injury so

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 27.

207

done, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon any Complaint thereof made to him upon Oath, to summon the Party complained of, and upon hearing the Parties upon both Sides, or on the Non-appearance of the Party complained of, to examine the Matter of Complaint, and award such Sum of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Inspectors for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect of Refusal forthwith to pay such Money, then the same and all Ex-peaces attending the Recovery thereof may be levied and recovered as any Penahy or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered in other Cases.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspectors from time to time to eater into any Contract or Contracts with any Person, Company or Companies whatsoever, for lighting the same Streets, Roads, and other Places, or any of them, or any Part thereof, either with Oil, or with Gas, or with any other Material, or in any other Manner whatsoever, or for furnishing Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch-boxes, Posts, Chains, Pales, Rails, and other Things necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Materials for the same; which Contract or Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in Cases of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by Two or more of the said Inspectors, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contract or Contracts, or a Copy or Copies thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; but no Contract above the Value or Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be entered into unless previous to the making of any such Contract Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in One or more of the public Newspapers published in the County m which the said Parish shall be situate, expressing the Intention of entering into such Contract, in older that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Inspectors at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned: Provided always, that if the said Inspector shall be of opinion that it will not be advantageous to contract with the Person or Persons offering the lowest Price, it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors to contract with such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the Terms, Intent, and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished or completed at or within the Time or Times specified in such Contract or Contracts, then the said Inspectors may cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster against any such Contractor for any Penalty contained in his Contract; and on Proof of his signing the said Contract or Contracts, or Non-performance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the said Inspectors shall be entitled to and recover the full Penalty contained in any such Contract, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors (if they think fit) to compound and agree with

Power for Inspectors to contract for the Works directed to be done by this Act.

Inspectors may sue for Breach of Contract;

or may compound with Contractor.

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Inspectors may purchase or rent Ground or Buildings for the Purposes Of this Act.

Property of Lamps, &c. vested in the Inspectors.

Inspectors of

adjoining Parishes may unite.

Forms of Information and Conviction.

any Contractor for any Penalty incurred by him'for the Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract, for such Sum of Money as the said Inspectors shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract, and all .Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby; and it shall be lawful for the said Inspectors to cancel or make void any Contract with any Person or Persons whomsoever by mutual Consent, if they shall think proper.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to treat with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of any Houses* Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, for the Purpose of erecting a Watch-house thereon, for such Sum or Sums of Money or yearly Bent, or for such Time, as to them shall appear reasonable, (which Sum or Sums of Money and yearly Rent shall be respectively paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act,) in such Place or Places as they may think proper.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, Posts, Chains, Pales, and Rails in, about, or belonging to the said Streets and Places within the Limits of this Act, or any of them, and of and in all the Iron, Timber, Stone, Bricks, and other Materials and Furniture and Things of, in, and belonging thereto, (except when the same shall be otherwise regulated by Contract with the said Inspectors,) shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Inspectors, and may be sold and disposed of from time to time as they shall think proper, and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and the said Inspectors are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in such Name or Names and in manner as herein-before is provided, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring, of any Bill or Bills of Indictment, against any Person, or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away (as the Case may be), all or any Part of such Lamp Irons, Lamp Posts, Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, Iron, Timber, and Stone, Bricks, Furniture, Posts, Chains, Pales, Rails, or other Materials and Things as aforesaid; and in all such Actions or Bills of Indictment it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to state generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought or such Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Inspectors, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Inspectors.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inspectors appointed by any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act to unite with the Inspectors of any adjoining Parish or Parishes for the better carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

L. And, for the more easy Prosecution and Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justices and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted or prosecuted for any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Information and Conviction

<200

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. P-27i

respectively to be drawn in the Form following, or inothei* Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

4 County of 1 D£ it remembered, That on the Day

4 to wh. J of A.B. of informeth

me for us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

for the said of that of

4 in the of [here describe the Offence, with the

4 Time and Place, and follow the Act as near as may be,] contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Year of

the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [insert the Title of this Act\ which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence. Taken the Day of

before me /

County oflJgE it remembered, That on the Day

to wit. J of in the Year of the

Reign of and in the Year of our Lord,

A.B. is convicted before us of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the said for [here specify

the Offence, and when and where committed,] contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the Year of the Reign of

King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and we do hereby declare and adjudge that the said hath forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of

[or, shall be committed to for the Space

of f as the Case may be]. Given under our Hands and

Seals the Day and Year first above written. '

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, or by virtue of any Rule or Order made in pursuance hereof (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein-before particularly directed), may in case of Nonpayment thereof be recovered in a summary Way by Order and Adjudication of any Two Justices of the Peace, on Complaint to them for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs (if any) of such Proceedings, on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or respective Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, who are hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any Witness upon Oath or Affirmation of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine me same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money' raised or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same (if any such there be), shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so seised and distrained; all which Penalties, not herein directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the said Inspectors or their Treasurer, to be applied for such Purposes, of this Act as the said Inspectors shall order and direct, except in all such Cases where the Penalty or Forfeiture shall he incurred by the said Inspectors, and then the same shall be paid to the Informer; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained,

Form of Information.

Form of Conviction.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

C. 27«

11° GEa IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

010

Inspector* exempted from personal Liability.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, for his, her, or their Appearance before the said Justices an such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had whereupon to levy the said Penalty or Penalties and such Costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, or in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any such Justices, upon the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, or otherwise, that he, she, or they have or hath not sufficient Goods and Chattels whereupon such Penalties, Forfeitures, Costs, and Expences can be levied if a Warrant of Distress were issued, such Justices shall not be required to issue such Warrant of Distress, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required and empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County or Place in which the said Parish shall be situate, there to be kept, with or without hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have paid such Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid to be ascertained by such Justices, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to render the said Inspectors personally, or any of their Goods and Chattels (other than such as may be invested in them in pursuance of this Act), liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money aq or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction in the Cases in which such Compensation or Satisfaction is herein-before directed to be made by the said Inspectors.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of any Parish adopting the Provisions of this Act shall be deemed an incompetent Witness in any Action, Suit, or Information, Complaint, Appeal, Prosecution, or Proceedings, to be had, made, prosecuted, or carried on under the Authority of this Act *

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Direction, or Appointment of the said Inspectors, or any Order or Conviction of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to any General or Quarterly Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Riding, Borough, Town, Shire, Division, Liberty, or Place in which the Parish shall be situate, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or if such Sessions shall be held before the Expiration of One Calendar Month, then such Appeal shall be made

to

i

A.D. 1830. U° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL.IV.

SI I

to the secondly succeeding Sessions, either of which Court of Sessions is hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties; provided that the Person or Persons so appealing shall give or cause to be given at least Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention of appealing as aforesaid, and of the Matter or Cause thereof, to the said Inspecr tors or other the Respondent or Respondents, and within Five Days after such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, with sufficient Securities, conditioned to try such Appeal at the then next General Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall first happen, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof; and such Justices, upon hearing and finally determining such Matter of Appeal, shall and may, according to their Discretion, award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination in or concerning the Premises shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings made or committed in execution of this Act, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Adjudication shall be made, had, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of or under the Authority of or colour of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice has been given thereof in Writing to the said Inspectors, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof has been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits may plead the General Issue, or give this Act and every special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Matter or Thing shall appear to have been done under or by virtue of this Act, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or if any Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or

Plaintiff not to recover in any Action after Tender of sufficient Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

912

C. 27.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Proceedings not to be unlawful for Want of Form.

Limiting the Powers of the Act.

Surveyor of Commissioners of Sewers may enter into Gas Works, to see if there be any Escape of Gas, Ad

Not to prejudice the Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers;

Juried shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for any such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become Nonsuit or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Case by Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's 'Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to abridge, repeal, alter, amend, or interfere with the Powers and Provisions contained in a certain Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis, or to extend to any Parishes or Places situate within the City of London or within the Bills of Mortality, or to any Parish or Place already, wholly or in part regulated by or under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament for any of the Purposes herein-before provided for, or to interfere with the Powers which any Corporate Body may have with respect to watching and lighting.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Surveyor or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers, at any Time or Times in the Day-time, to enter into any Manufactory, Gasometer, Receiver, or other Building belonging to any Gas Company or Companies, or the said Inspectors, m order to inspect and examine if there be any Escape of Gas, or any Washings or other waste Liquids, Substances, or other Things whatsoever which shall arise or be produced in the Prosecution of the said Gas Works or in the Manufacture or Process of making or procuring such Gas, into any public Sewer or Drain; and if such Surveyor or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers shall at any such Time or Times be Tefused Admittance or Entrance into any such Manufactory, Gasometer, Receiver, or other Building, for the Purpose of making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, or on being admitted shall be obstructed in or prevented from making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, the said Gas Company or Companies or the said Inspectors so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LX. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in Commissioners of Sewers; but all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities

veste

215

A.D. 1830. J J° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV, C. 27, 28, 2 9;

vested in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or in any Manner to affect any of the Rights or Privileges of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any of the Powers vested by Charter or otherwise in the Chancellors, Masters, and Scholars, and their Successors, of the said Universities.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers given to watch and light any Parish shall be understood to be given to any Wapentake, Division, City, Borough, Liberty, Township, Market Town, Franchise, Hamlet, Tithing, Precinct, and Chapelry; and that the Powers given to a Churchwarden shall be understood to be given to any Chapelwarden, Overseer, or other Person usually calling any Meeting on Parochial Business; and that the Words " Justice of the Peace" shall be understood to mean Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, Riding, Shire, Liberty, or Place in which the Parish which may adopt the Provisions of this Act shall be situate; and the Words " rated Inhabitant'* to include all Persons assessed to and paying Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to apply a certain Slim of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[23d June 1830.]

[*£4,000,000.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, die making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[23d June 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend, for a further Period, ' Vf the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom \ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in *this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists for such Militia, or any Parts thereof, or relating to the ballotting for or enrolling any Militia Men or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the End of the hext Session of Parliament; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

nor to affect the Universities,

Construction of Act.

[Public Act.]

General and

Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

214

Proceedings may be bad during such Suspension by Order in Council.

Act to extend to the Stan* naries.

The Overseers of Poor, &c. to take Account of the timber of

nons. Ac.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, to direct that any Proceedings shall be had, at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part thereof, as His Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the giving Notices for and Returns of Lists, and for the ballotting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Time respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to the Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Ridings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the Militia and Corps of Miners of Cornwall and 1Devon, shall, upon any such Order and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, and Authorities therein contained, shall be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries and Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, as fully as if they were respectively and severally repeated in every such Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[23d June 1830!]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons now within the Kingdom of Great Britain, together with the progressive Increase or Diminution thereof, from the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty to and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of Great Britain* called England, the respective Overseers of the Poor, or some substantial Householder of ever}' Parish, Township, or Place to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, and within that Part 'of

Great

A.D. 1830.11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.S0- 215

Great Britain called Scotland such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the Manner hereinafter mentioned to act in and for every Parish and Place, shall, at the Time and in the Maimer hereinafter directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the Time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Parishes,

Townships, and Places respectively, and shall set down the several Particulars respecting the same, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Printed Copies

Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of of Act and printed Copies of this Act, and of the Schedules thereto annexed u?be

(together with such Explanations as may be deemed necessary), y

shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this printer to the Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Peace, &e. Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities,

Boroughs, Towns, and Counties Corporate in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required with all convenient speed to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the Clerks of the Divisional Meetings within their respective Limits, and also to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedules to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Constables, (or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their respective Limits,) at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace .'n the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act, and of the Schedule thereto, shall in like Manner be transmitted to the Sheriff Deputes of Counties, and Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow, who shall cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Purpose hereinafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great In England Britain called England the High Constables (or other proper theb?, g^5on* Officers so described as aforesaid), within their respective Juris- deHn* the dictions aforesaid, shall at the said Easter Quarter Sessions of Schedules to the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty- the officiating one, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerks Minister, and of the Peace or Town Clerks the said printed Schedules, and oftb°of forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered One such Schedule eve^SiriX to the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other officiating Minister, and

One other such Schedule to One of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respective Limits, and also One such Schedule to the Overseer or Overseers of every Extra-paroT chial Place within the said Limits, or instead thereof to some One substantial Householder residing within the said Parish, Township, or Extra-parochial Place, and well acquainted therewith, if he shall be directed so to do by any Justice of the Peace within the District; and thereupon the said Overseers (or such fit Per- Overwe«, &c.

P 4 8on to take an Ac-

119 GEO. IV. & 10 GUL. IV. A.D; 1880.

16

count of the Number of Persona.

Method of pie-paring Returns.

Empowered to ask Questions.

Penalty for refusing or giving false Answers.

Officiating Ministers to transmit an Answer to the Questions in the Schedule relative to Baptisms, &c. to the Bishop of the Diocese, &c. to be transmitted to the Privy Council, &c.

C.SO/

non as they shall appoint by and with the Consent of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace), or substantial Householders as aforesaid, taking to their Assistance the Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens (or any Person or Persons appointed by any Justice of the Peace at the Request of such Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens), Sidesmen, Parish Clerk, and Vestry Clerk (if any), and employing, if they shall think fit, the Constables, Tithing-men, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers for such Parishes, Townships, or Places, or any fit Person or Persons thereunto appointed by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Application to that effect by the Overseers or substantial Househokiets charged with the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, (such several Persons, except the aforesaid Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens, being hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose,) shall, upon Monday the Thirtieth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, proceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of Persons at that Time being within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters specified in the Thirteen first Questions in the said Schedule, by proceeding together or separately from House to House, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information shall prepare an Answer or Return to the said Questions according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall sign the same with their Names and respective Additions as such Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid; and the better to enable the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid to make such Answers and Returns, they and the Persons so assisting them as aforesaid are hereby authorized and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within the said Parish, Township, or Place, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for stating the Particulars required to be stated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall for every such Refusal or false Answer forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other officiating Minister of every Parish, Township, or Place (Extra-parochial or otherwise) in England, including Free Chapels, Donatives, and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, and having Custody of any Register which is not copied into the Register of a Mother Church, shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return, to the Questions relative to Baptisms, Burials, and Marriages, in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, duly transmit such Answer or Return to the Bishop within the Limits of whoae Diocese the said Parish, Township, or Place is situate; and the several Bishops shall, on or before the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, transmit the same to the

Archbishops

C.SO.

tlT

Archbishops of their respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, cause the same to be laid before His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who shall cause an Abstract thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament within Ten Months after the said First Day of August, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, Justice* to ap-er any Two or more of them, within their respective Jurisdictions Point Time in England, shall, at or so soon as conveniently may be after the Place said Easter Quarter Sessions in the Year One thousand eight to^with* hundred and thirty-one, appoint a Time and Place or Times and Returns and Places (which Time shall be not sooner than the Twenty-fifth Answers;

Day of June nor later than the Twenty-first Day of July in the Overseen, &c. Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and may be at del, Ter the Midsummer Quarter Sessions, if they shall think fit,) for the oath wAf-Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and firmatkm. Places within their respective Divisions or Limits, or for such substantial Householders as aforesaid (as the case may be), to attend them, for the Purpose of this Act, with Returns and Answers to the Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice of such Time and Place to be given to such Overseers and Householders respectively according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act, and also to the High Constables, or, where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, in and for every such Parish, Township, or Place, shall and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, a just and true Answer and Return to the said Questions upon Oath, (or, being of the People called Quakers, on Affirmation,) as hereinafter di* rected; and the said High Constables, or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to attend the said respective Meetings for the Purposes hereinafter directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the justices to re-Peace shall and they are hereby required to receive and take, at ceive Answers, such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, the &c. and to ad-Answers and Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or sub- Jo^aminT* stantial Householders respectively the Oath or Affirmation con- Overseen, &c. tained in the said Schedule; and if they see cause, to examine on Oath; An-auch Overseers and Householders upon Oath or Affirmation touch- *wcn "d R* lag any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings at any Time or

Times not later than the said Twenty-first Day of July, and to wt, 0 shall in-any Place or Places, in order that the said Returns may be ren- done Returns, ' dered more complete or satisfactory, and shall then deliver such and transmit 'Answers and Returns to the respective High Constables or other the Clerk* proper Officers as aforesaid, who shall thereupon indorse on each e e*ce> of such Returns the Nome of the County, and also of the Riding,

Division,

11° GEO. IV. & l9 GUL. IV, A.D. 1830.

Sheriff Deputes, &c. in Scotland to appoint Schoolmasters, &c. to take account; Sheriffs Officers, &c. to deliver Schedules to Persons so appointed, who shall an Account of Number of Persons, &c.

Refusing to Answer, or 'giving false Answers, Penalty.

Sheriff Deputes, &c. in Scotland to ap-'nfc a Time

C. 30r

Division, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, wherein the Parish, Township, or Place therein mentioned is situate, and shall deliver or transmit such Returns, together with a true and perfect List of every Parish, Township, and Place, and also of the Overseers and Householders aforesaid to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks (for the Jurisdiction in which the said Justices are authorized to act), at their respective Offices* on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes in their respective Counties, and the Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow within the said Burghs, shall nominate and appoint, in Writing under the Hand of their respective Clerks, the Schoolmaster, or other fit Person or Persons in each Parish or Part of a Parish or Place within theif respective Jurisdictions, to take account of the several Matters required by this Act; and the Sheriffs Officers and Town Officers respectively are required forthwith to deliver the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person, or Persons so appointed; and on the said Thirtieth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed, shall proceed to take account of the Number of Persons at that Time within the Limits of their respective Parishes and Places, or Parts of Parishes distinctly, in case the Parish shall not be wholly contained in one and the same County, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information as aforesaid shall prepare an Answer or Return to all the said Questions according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall then exhibit the same to the Minister of the Parish for his Correction and Approbation, and for any Observations which he may think fit to write thereupon; and the several Schoolmasters and other Persons appointed shall thereafter sign the same with their Names and ordinary Designations; and the better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for stating the Particulars required to be stated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall for every such Refusal or false Answer forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any competent Magistrate before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, for Scotland, and the Provosts of the Royal Burgh of Edinburgh and Glasgow, within their respective Jurisdictions,

shall

A*IX I83(X 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.SO.

shall appoint a Time or Times, which shall not be sooner than the first Day of June nor later than the last Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, for the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed by them as aforesaid, to attend at their Offices, or at such other Places as they shall appoint, with the Returns and Answers to all the Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act; and the said Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, shall cause Notice to be given to them respectively for that Purpose accordingly; and shall then and there receive the Answers and Returns to be made as aforesaid, and administer the Oath contained in the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed to make such Returns as aforesaid; and such Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts aforesaid, if they see Cause, may examine the said Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and shall thereafter direct their respective Clerks to indorse the same with the Name of the County and District thereof wherein the Parish or Place therein mentioned is situated, or otherwise, (in Cases where the said Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes shall think proper,) they shall direct the Schoolmasters and other Persons aforesaid to verify the said Returns and Answers upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace within the County, and thereafter to transmit the Schedule, previous to the said last Day of June, in any convenient manner, to the said Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, who shall direct the same to be indorsed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several original Accounts so taken in Writing by the Overseers and Schoolmasters or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid, in every Parish, Township, or Place within Great Britain, for the Purpose of preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, shall be safely kept and preserved by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens in England, and by the Schoolmasters in Scotland, of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places to which the same relate, except the printed List in answer to the Ninth Question, and shall be delivered over by them to their Successors in Office respectively; and that the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, in Scotland, shall, on or before the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, transmit with all convenient Speed such Answers and Returns as they shall have received in manner aforesaid, (together with a List of the Parishes, Townships, and Places within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions from whence no Returns have been made to uiem,) to the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and that the same shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary of State shall appoint for that Purpose, and that an Abstract thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Ten Months after the said First Day of August, or, if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

219

for the School* matters, &c. to attend with Returns; Sheriff, &c. t receive them upon Oath.

Accounts for preparing Returns to be preserved by the Churchwardens, &c. in, England, and other Persons in Scotland, end delivered to their Successors; Clerks a# the Peace, Acv end Sheriff Deputes, &c. to transmit Returns to Secretary of State.

Persons employed to have an Allowance for their Trouble and Eipences.

To be paid in England from the County Rates and Poor's Rate;

w

in Scotland, from the Land Tax *

C.SOi 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persona employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; (videlicet,) To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Township, or Place in England, the Sum of One Shilling; to the High Constable or other proper Officer in England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace throughout England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling; and that the Justices of the Peace in England, at their respective Midsimmer Quarter Sessions, or at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions following, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, shall and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate, or shall cause the same to be paid out of the Poor Rates of and for such Counties Corporate or Places as have no County Rates; and also, that the said Justices in England, at their said Midsummer Quarter Sessions, or at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions following, may and they are hereby required to allow to the several Overseers, Householders, Parish Clerks, Vestry Clerks, or other Persons in England, a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in th? Execution of this Act; and the said Justices in Quarter Sessions may and they are hereby required to allow to the Parish Clerk, or any other Person who shall have assisted, the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other officiating Minister in the Execution of this Act, a reasonable Compensation for so doing, upon his producing a Certificate from the said officiating Minister to that Effect, and shall order Payment thereof to be made out of the Church Rates or Poor's Rates of the several Parishes, Townshijps, or Places respectively, and shall thereafter allow the same in the »nnii|l Accounts of the several Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor.

XI. And be it further enacted That the Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow, in Scotland, may and they are hereby required to allow to the Sheriff Clerk or Town Clerks respectively, for the Return which shall be made and transmitted from every Parish or Place in Scotland, the Sum of One Shilling; and to the Sheriffii Officer or Town Officer who shall distribute the Schedule to the Schoolmasters and others, for the like, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and the said Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, may and they are hereby required to allow to the Schoolmasters and others a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act, and to order Payment thereof, and also of the Sums respectively

» payable to the Sheriffs Clerk or Town Clerk, and to the Sheriffs Officer or Town Officer, to be made by the Collector of the Lad4 Tax of and for the Shire or other Place (as the Case shall require)

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.S05

out of any Money in his Hands, and such Collector shall and is hereby authorized to pay the same accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable, Constable, Tithingman, Head borough, or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Churchwarden, Chapelwarden, Sidesman, Parish Clerk, Vestry Clerk, Overseer of the Poor, Householder, Schoolmaster, or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall for every such wilful Default forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Jess than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices or Magistrate before whom Complaint thereof shall be made; and in case any of the before-mentioned Officers and other Persons shall have so made Default, or shall have so omitted to attend with or respecting the Answers and Returns at the appointed Tune, the said Justices in England, and Sheriff Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, in Scotland, may and they are hereby required forthwith to nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons in their Stead to execute the Provisions of this Act; and the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed, instead of the Officer or Person so making Default, or omitting to attend as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive the Fees or Compensation herein-before mentioned, and shall also be liable to the same Penalty in case of making wilful Default.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered in England^ shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the said respective Treasurers, to be applied in aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall he deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poor's Rate or County Rate; and in case the said Forfeitures shall be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Collector of the Land Tax of such County wherein the said Default shall be committed, to be by him applied in aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS, to which by Directions of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof, "

221

Clerks of the Peace, Constables, &c. making Default.

[Penalty.]

Other Persona appointed.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

e.so.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

of," written Answers are to be returned by the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or by some other substantial Householder of every Parish, Township, and Place (including those Places also which are Extra-parochial), in England; and by the Schoolmasters, or other Persons to be appointed under the said Act, for every Parish and Place in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said Overseers, or by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland *

Questions addressed to the Overseers in England, and to the Schoolmasters in Scotland:

Who are respectively required to take an Account of the resident Population, by proceeding from House to House on the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and on the Days immediately subsequent thereto, if One Day shall not be sufficient; and they are also required to specify in Writing the Name of the Parish or Place in the Schedule, and whether it be usually called a Parish, Township, Tithing, Quarter, or by what other Denomination.

1st. How many inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Township, or Place; and by how many Families are they occupied ?

2nd. How many Houses are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited ?

3rd. How many other Houses are uninhabited ?

4th. What Number of Families in your Parish, Township, or Place are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture; or by Trade, Manufacture, or Handicraft; and how many Families are not comprised in either of the Two preceding Classes ?

N.B. The total Number of Families in answer to this Question must correspond with the Number of Families in answer to the First Question; and if any Doubt shall arise as to the Class in which any Family or Families ought to be comprised, such Doubt is to be stated as a Remark {under Question Sixteenth), not omitting therein to specify in which Class such Family or Families may | have been comprised in your Answer to the Fourth Question. | 5th. How many Persons (including Children of whatever i Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Township, or Place, at the Time of taking this Account; distinguishing Males and Females, and exclusive of Men actually serving in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Militia, and exclusive of Seamen, either in His Majesty's Service or belonging to registered Vessels?

6th. How many of the Males enumerated in answer to the j 5th Question, are upwards of Twenty Years old ?

N.B. If this Number of Males upwards of Twenty Years old should differ materially [or otherwise as compared to the Return of 1821] from One Half of the total Number of Males [in answer to Question 5th], some Error has probably been committed, and the Answer to this Question should be examined, and corrected, if i necessary.

7th. How

C.S0.

225

7th. How many Males upwards of Twenty Years old are employed in Agriculture, including Graziers, Cowkeepers, Shepherds, and other Farm Servants, Gardeners (not taxable as Male Servants), and Nurserymen ?

In answering this Question, you will carefully distinguish these Males into Three Classes; viz. First, Occupiers of Land who constantly employ and pay One or more than One Labourer or Farm Servant in Husbandry; Secondly, Occupiers of Land who employ no Labourer other than of their own Family; Thirdly, Labourers in Husbandrj' and Farm Servants employed by Occupiers of the First Class.

8th. How many Males upwards of Twenty Years old are employed in Manufacture or in making Manufacturing Machinery; but not including Labourer *, Porters, Messengers, SfC; toko are to be included in a subsequent Class t

9th. How many Males upwards of Twenty Years old are employed in Retail Trade or in Handicraft, as Masters, Shopmen, Journeymen, Apprentices, or in any Capacity requiring Skill in the Business; but not including Labourers, Porters, Messengers, 8rcn who are to be include in a subsequent Classt

N.B. To enable you to answer this Question in a Manner aatisfactory to yourself, a Sheet containing a List of the Denomin-, ations of several Trades is transmitted herewith, with blank Spaces For your Use in Entry of the Answers you obtain; it being understood that if any Trade or Business carried on in your Parish or Place does not appear in the printed List, you will specify such Trade at Bottom of the said List, making a Mark for each Male opposite to the Denomination of his proper Trade or Business, and adding all together for final Entry in the Schedule; to which Schedule you will annex the said printed List, with your original Entries thereon.

10th. How many Males upwards of Twenty Years old are Wholesale Merchants, Bankers, Capitalists, Professional Persons, Artists, Architects, Teachers, Clerks, Surveyors, and other Educated Men ? And in answering this Question, you will include generally Persons maintaining themselves otherwise than by Manufacture, Trade, or bodily Labour.

11th. How many Males upwards of Twenty Years old are Miners, Fishermen, Boatmen, Excavators of Canals, Road-inakers, Toll Collectors, or Labourers employed by Persons of the Three preceding Classes, or otherwise employed in any Kind of bodily Labour, excepting in Agriculture? Labourers in Agriculture having been already entered in the proper Place.

12th. How many other Males upwards of Twenty Years old (not being taxable Servants under the next Question) have not been included in any of the foregoing Classes ? Including, therefore, in answer to this Question, retired Tradesmen, superannuated Labourers, and Males diseased or disabled in Body or Mind.

13th. How many Household Servants, including all Female Servants, and such Male Servants (of whatever Age) as are taxable as such; also Waiters and Attendants at Inns;

distinguishing

C so-

il0 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Y24

distinguishing the Males upwards of Twenty Years of Age, from the Males under Twenty Years of Age ?

N.B. Observe that the Number of Males, in answer to Questions 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th collectively, cannot be less than the Number of Males upwards of Twenty Years old, in answer to Question 6th; but will exceed that Number in consequence of including Male Servants under Twenty Years of Age; and, as a general. Rule, always assign an Individual of mixed Occupation or Income to that by which he is supposed to profit more than by any other.

14th. If you have entered any Males in answer to the 8th Question, be pleased to specify the Manufacture or Manufactures in which they are employed; and what Proportion of the Number of those entered in answer to Question 11th are employed in any Quarry, Mines, Coal Pits, Fishery, or public Work now in progress ?

15th. Referring to the Number of Persons in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, to what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present?

16th. Are there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions ?

Questions addressed to the Officiating Ministers in England, having Custody of a Register which is not copied into the Register of a Mother Church, by whom a Return is to be made to the Bishop on or before the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

1st. What was the Number of Baptisms and Burials in your Parish or Chapelry in the several Years 1821, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and SO; distinguishing Males from Females ?

Skid. What has been the Number of Marriages in your Parish or Chapelry in the several Years 1821, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27» 28, 29, and 30?

3rd. Be pleased to specify, on the Schedule annexed for that Purpose, the Ages of Individuals registered in your Burial Register in the several Years from 1813 to 1830, both inclusive.

4th. What Number of illegitimate Children may have been born in your Parish or Chapelry during the Year 18SO, according to the best Information you possess or can obtain; and distinguishing Male and Female Children ?

5th. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, in explanation of your Answers to either of the preceding Questions ? Especially, whether any and what annual average Number of Births, Deaths, and Marriages may, in your Opinion, have taken place in your Rinsh, without being noticed in the Parish Register?

C. so.

925

FORM of Answer by the Overseers, &c. in England, and Schoolmasters, flcc.in Scotland, to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 11th George 4th, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

Name and Descrip turn of Parish, &c. and within what County, Hundred, Town Corporate, or other Division situate. Question 1st. Question 2d. Question 3d.

Inhabited Houses. By how many Families occupied. Houses now building. Other Houses uninhabited.

Question 4th. OCCUPATIONS. Question 5th.

Persons, including Children of whatever Age.

Families chiefly employed In Agriculture. Families chiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures, and Handicraft. \ All other Families not comprised in the Two preceding Classes.

r Males. Femalea. Total of Persona.

N.B Im Toxxmshv Time of dividuals are w, or Places % taking the Aca fo be numberet vhere they sev* ount. 1 only in erally haj. those F rpen to b arishes, e at the

Question 6th. Question 7th. Question 8th.

Total Number of Males Twenty Years old. Males emp r Occupiers of Land employing Labourers. >loyed in Aj Occupiers of Land not employing Labourers. priculture. Labourers employed in Agriculture. Male > employed in Manufacture, or in making Manufacturing Machinery.

d

226

C. so.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Question 9th.

Question 10th.

Males employed in Retail Trade, or in Handicraft, as Masters or Work, men.

Wholesale Merchants, Capitalists, Bankers, Professional Persons, and other educated Men.

Question 11th.

Labourers employed by the Three preceding Classes, and in other Labour not Agricultural.

Question 12th,

All other Males Twenty Teats old (except Servants), including retired Tradesmen, superannuated Labourers, and Males diseased or disabled in Body or Mind.

Question 13th. — How many Servants, distinguishing Males

upwards of Twenty Years old ----, Males under Twenty

Years old ----, Females ---- ?

Question 14th. — If you have entered any Males in answer to the 8th Question, be pleased to specify the Manufacture or Manufactures in which they are employed ? And what Proportion of the Number of those entered in answer to Question 11th, are employed in any Quarry, Mines, Coal Pits, Fishery, or Public Work now in progress ?

Question 15th. — Referring to the Number of Persons in 1821, to what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present ?

Question 16th. — Are there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark, in explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions ?

ATTESTATION on Oath [or Affirmation] by the Overseers or substantial Householders in England, and by the Schoolmasters in Scotland.

I, A.B. one of the Overseers, Schoolmaster, [or a substantial Householder] of the Parish, Township, &c. of,

in the county of , do swear [or affirm], That the

above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the " Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution " thereof."

The above-mentioned A.B. was sworn [or affirmed] (in England) before us, the Justices of the Peace in and for the of this Day of C.D. and E. F.

(In Scotland) The above-mentioned A.B. was sworn before me, the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the of,

this Day of G. H

The above Answers, collected and arranged by A. Bare [or are not] (in my Opinion) correct.

I. K. Minister of the Parish of

FORM of ANSWERS, by the Clergymen in England, to the First and Second Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 11th George 4th, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof."

Diocese of and County, Arc. Deanery or Jurisdiction, &c. City, Town, &c. Parish or Chapelry, Arc.

Question 1st Question 2d.

YEARS. BAPTISMS. BURIALS. VP A T> Q NUMBER OF

Males. Females. Total. Males. Females. Total. Z Hi All MARRIAGES.

I (1821 - 1821 -

j 1822 - 1822 -

1823 - 1823 -

1824 - 1824 -

1825 - 1825 -

1826 -. 1826

1827 - 1827 m

1828 - 1828 -

1829 - 1829

1830 - 1830

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & l8 GUL. IV. C.SO. 227

228

, C. 30.

J1° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

[Eighteen similar Paget, numbered contecvtivrl?/ ISIS.1830, are to be tranmitted to evert dating Minister in England.]

Question 4th. — Number of illegitimate Children born in the Year 1830. — Males. — Females.

Annual average Number of unentered Marriages. — Births. — Deaths.

Question 5th. — Remarks in explanation of the Matters stated in answer to the several Questions.

CERTIFICATE of the CLERGYMAN.

I, A.B.

[Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister] of the Parish, Chapelry, &c. of in the county of ,

do certify, That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the several Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled " An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof." A.B.

Witness C. 2). one of the Churchwardens [or substantial Householder] of the Parish of, this Day of

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Constables, Overseers, and Householders in England, of the Time and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace for taking the Answers and Returns under this Act.

The ££UIIty, 1 To the Constable [Tithingman or Headborough] of to J in the said County.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to be given Notice to the High Constable of the Hundred of and to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish,

Township, or Place within the said Hundred; and if there is no Overseer therein, then to some substantial Householder therein, that they are severally required to appear at on the

Day of next, at the Hour of in the Fore-

noon, before such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as shall be then and there assembled, and that the said Overseers or Householders as aforesaid, or some One of them, for every such Parish, Township, or Place, are then and there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation a just and true Account in Writing, signed by themselves, containing an Answer to the several Questions propounded in the Schedule to an Act, 11th George 4th, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof." Given under my Hand [or our Hands] this Day of in tha

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

230

C.S0, 31.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

HI.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return. YOU shall swear [or affirm] that the Answers and Returns now made by you to the several Questions contained in the Schedule annexed to an Act, 11th George 4th, intituled " An Act for taking " an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof, '* is a full and true Answer to the said Question, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Constables in England, and by the Sheriff's Clerk or Town Clerk in Scotland.

County of

Riding, Division, or District of

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, or Liberty of

City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, of Parish, Township, &c. of

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for reducing the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in Ireland, to the same Duty as is now payable thereon in Scotland.

[23d June 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of His

« W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for reducing,

during the Continuance of the present Duty on Malt, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in Scotland, whereby, under

certain Regulations in the said Act contained, a smaller Duty of

Excise was imposed on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in 1 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in place of the Duty

of Excise then payable on Malt made in Great Britain from ' Barley or any other Corn or Grain: And whereas by an Act

made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

4 G. 4. c. 94. 4

intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits

distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for Warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, Provisions were made for

granting a certain Allowance or Drawback on Spirits distilled from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland, and for regulating the ' Proportion of Malt made from Barley or from Bear or Bigg, in ' Scotland, to be used in the Distillation of such Spirits: And whereas an Act was passsed in the Sixth Year of His present

6 G. 4. c. 58. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for providing equivalent Rates

of Excise Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt,

and on Spirits, made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon, whereby the fol-

lowing Duties and Allowances on Malt were directed and authorized to be raised, levied, collected, allowed, and paid; that

is to say, For and upon every One hundred Gallons Imperial *

Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater

or

A.D. 1830. 11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL.IV.

c.si.

231

or less Quantity of Malt, made in any Part of the United King- dom of Great Britain and Ireland from Barley or any other Corn

or Grain, (except Malt made for Home Consumption in Scotland from Bear or Bigg only,) or which shall be brought from Scotland into England without a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the full Duty thereby imposed, an Excise Duty of One 4 Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; For and upon every One hundred Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Malt, which

shall be made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, One Pound Five Shillings; Allowances, 4 For and upon every One hundred Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Strength, distilled in Scotland or Ireland from Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, after the Rate of Two such Gallons of such Spirits for every Eight Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure of Barley Malt, or Ten such Gallons and Two 4 Third Parts of another such Gallon of Bear or Bigg Malt, in respect of which Spirits any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland shall be charged with Duty, during the Time that such Distiller shall use Malt only, Five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence:

And whereas it is expedient that the lesser Duty payable under the said last-recited Act, on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, should be extended to, and be charged, levied, and collected on, Malt made from Bear or Bigg only m Ireland; and that the said recited Act of the Third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and the Provisions for regulating the Allowances and Proportions on Spirits made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, in

the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign should be extended to Ireland; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October, One thousand eight hundred and thirty, in lieu of the higher duty now payable on Malt made from Bear or Bigg in Ireland, the Duty which shall be charged, raised, and levied upon such Malt as shall be made from Bear or Bigg only in Ireland shall be the Sum of Two Shillings for and in respect of every Bushel of such Malt as shall from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty be made from Bear or Bigg only in Ireland, being after the Rate of One Pound Five Shillings for every One hundred Gallons of such Malt, the Duty imposed by the said last-recited Act on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland: Provided nevertheless, that from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Duty imposed by the said last-recited Act on Malt made from Barley or other Corn or Grain shall be charged and paid for and upon every Bushel of all Malt whatsoever which shall be made in and brought from Ireland into Great Britain, or which shall be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland; save and except such Malt only as shall be

After the 10th October 1830, the Duty to be paid on Malt made from Bear or Bigg in Ireland shall be 3s. per Bushel.

The Duty imposed by the last-recited Act shall be charged on all Malt made from Barley in Ireland and brought into Great Britain.

232

c.si:

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Power* and Penalties of the recited Act of S G. 4. extended to Ireland.

Rules to lie observed by Distillers in Ireland who shall distil from Malt made from Bear or Bigg, and cliam the Allowance granted by the recited Act of 6 G. 4.

For removing Doubts as to the Growth of the Bear or

Bigg.

made for Horae Consumption in Ireland, by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, from Bear or Bigg only, according to and under the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions in the 'said recited Act of the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for reducing the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, and ail Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations therein contained, together with all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties thereby imposed, shall be and the same is and are hereby extended to Ireland; and the said Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, hereby extended to and made payable in Ireland, and to be charged, levied, and collected on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Ireland, shall be charged, levied, and collected under the said Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, in the said recited Act contained and thereby imposed, and which shall be in as full Force and Effect, and be carried into execution, in Ireland, as fully as if all such Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, Fines and Forfeitures and Penalties, were repeated, re-enacted, and imposed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, every Distiller in Ireland who shall make or distil any Spirits from Malt only, and who shall claim the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only granted by the said last-recited Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and payable under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall, where the Malt used by such Distiller, or any Part thereof, shall be Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Ireland, use and account after the Rate and Proportion of One Bushel and One Fourth of a Bushel and Two Third Parts of a Gallon of such Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, being in the Proportion of Ten Gallons and Two Third Parts of a Gallon, required by the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for every Two Gallons of Spirits on which such Allowance shall be claimed, or in default thereof shall pay Duty on the Quantity of Malt which shall appear deficient, after such Rate or Proportion, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and all the Provisions, Clauses, Rules, and Regulations in the said last-mentioned Act contained, relating to Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, or to any Differences, Rates, or Proportions between Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, and Malt made from any other Corn or Grain, or to claiming or paying any Allowance thereon, or on Spirits distilled therefrom, shall be and the same are hereby extended to and shall be put in force in Ireland.

IV. And whereas Doubts have arisen under the said recited Acts, whether the Bear or Bigg therein mentioned is Bear or Bigg of the Growth of Scotland Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the Bear or Bigg mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively is Bear and Bigg of the Growth of Scotland only; and that the Bear or Bigg in this Act mentioned, and on which,

when

233

C. 31, 32.

when malted in Ireland, the Doty of Two Shillings only for every Bushel thereof under the Provisions of this Act is to be charged, levied, and collected, is intended to be Bear and Bigg of the Growth of Ireland only; and that the full Duty payable on Malt other than Malt made from Bear or Bigg only shall be levied and paid on every Bushel of Malt which shall be made in Scotland and Ireland respectively, from any Corn or Grain other than Bear or Bigg grown in Scotland and Ireland respectively, and made into Malt for Consumption in the Country producing the same-

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

Anno Primo GULIELMI IV.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the 4 f\ Fourteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1826, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord 4 GEORGE the Fourth; and from thence continued to the Twenty-sixth Day of June 1830, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Fourth, by the Grace of 1 God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, 4 Defender of the Faith; being a Continuation of the Fourth Session of the Eighth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to explain Two Acts of His present Majesty, (a) for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament in Ireland in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank o/*Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act it should not be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, erected or to be erected, other than the Corporation thereby intended to be created into a National Bank, or for any other Persons whatsoever united or to be united in Covenants or Partnerships exceeding the Number of Six Persons, to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable

(a) See 1 WA. c. 71.

The full Duty to be levied on Malt made from other Grain in Scotland and Ireland.

Act may be altered.

SI & 22 G.3. c. 16.

C.S2.

lio GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

1 ft 2 G.4.

c. 72.

21 ft 22 G.3. c. 16.

at Demand, or at any less lime than Six Months from the

borrowing thereof, under a Penalty or Forfeiture by such Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, of Treble the Sum or Sums ' so to be borrowed or taken upon such Bill or Bills, Note or ' Notes, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the

other to the Use of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Succes- son, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin And whereas by another Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to establish an Agreement wtth the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and to 1 empower the said Governor and Company to enlarge the Capital 1 Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions, it was amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the passing the same

Act it should and might be lawful for any Number of Persons in Ireland, united or to be united in Societies or Partnerships, and residing and having their Establishments or Houses of Business at any Place not less than Fifty Miles distant from Dublin *

to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable on Demand, and to make and issue such Notes or Bills accordingly payable on Demand at any Place in Ireland exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, the Individuals composing such Societies or Copartner-

ships being liable and responsible for the due Payment of such Bills or Notes; and such Persons should not be subject or liable to any Penalty for the making or issuing such Bills or Notes, any ' thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland holden in the Twenty-first and* Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, and it was by the now reciting Act further enacted, that no further or other Power, Privilege, or Authority should,

previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, nor until after Payment to the said Governor and Company of all Sum and Sums of Money which then were or thereafter should or might become due to them from Government, be granted to any Copartnership or Society of Persons whatsoever, contrary to the Laws then in force for establishing or regulating the Bank of Ireland, save and except the Power of enabling such Societies or Copartnerships as aforesaid, residing and carrying on their Business not less than ' Fifty Miles from Dublin, to sue and be sued in the Name of a 4 Public Officer, should Parliament thereafter think fit to grant such Power; and it was by the now reciting Act lastly enacted,

that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed ' to extend to authorize any Persons exceeding Six in Num-

ber, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, residing or having

their Establishments or House of Business within the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, to make or issue any Bill or Bills of Exchange, or any Promissory Note or Notes, contrary to ' the Provisions of the said in part recited Act of the Twenty-

first

C.S2.

235

first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Kinp George the Third: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year

of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act 6 G.4. c. 42. 'for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland, reciting the lastly herein-before recited Act made

and passed in the First and Second Years of His said present Majesty's Reign, and that it was expedient that the said last-< recited Act should be altered and amended, it was amongst ' other Things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign 4it should and might be lawful for any Number of Persons united or to be united in any Society or Copartnership in Ireland ', consisting of more than Six in Number, and not having the Establishments or Houses of Business of such Society or Copartnerships at any Place or Places less than Fifty Miles distant from Dublin,

to carry on the Trade and Business of Bankers in like Manner as Copartnerships of Bankers consisting of not more than Six in Number might lawfully do, and to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable on Demand, or at any Time after Date or after Sight, and to make and issue such Notes or Bills accordingly at any Place in Ireland exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, all the Individuals composing such Societies or Copartnerships being liable and responsible for the due Payment of all such Bills or Notes in manner thereinafter provided, any thing contained in the said Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twentyfirst and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, herein-before recited, or in the hereinbefore recited Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts, or any Law,

1 Usage, or Custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding;

and it was by the same Act further enacted, that it should and might be lawful for any such Society or Copartnership from time to time to have, employ, or appoint any Agent or Agents to do or transact, on behalf of any such Society or Copartnership, all such Business, Matters, and Things as such Society or Copartnership might lawfully do, and as were not contrary to any Act or Acts then in force, and to the Provisions of the now reciting Act; provided always, and it was by the same Act further enacted, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to enable or authorize any such Society or Copartnership, either by any Member or Members thereof, or by their Agent or any other Person on behalf of any such Society or Copartnership, to pay, issue, or re-issue at Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof, any Bill or Note of such Society or Copartnership which should be payable to Bearer on Demand,

or any Bank Post Bill, nor to draw upon any Partner or Agent who might be resident in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof,

any Bill of Exchange which should be payable on Demand, or

which should be for less Amount than Fifty Pounds, nor to bor-»

row, owe, or take up in England or in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money on any Promissory Note or Bill of any such Society or Copartnership payable on Demand, or at any less Time than Six Months from the borrowing

236

C. 32.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Copartnership Bankers, within a certain Distance, may pay their Notes in Dublin.

thereof, or to make or issue any Bill or Bills of Exchange or Promissory Note or Notes of any such Society or Copartnership contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, or of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, save as aforesaid, save as provided by the now reciting Act in that Behalf; provided always, ' and it was by the now reciting Act further enacted, that nothing contained in that Act or any other Act or Acts should extend* 4 or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons whatever, ' whether resident in Great Britain or Ireland, from being or becoming a Member or Members of any such Society or Copart- nership in Ireland as aforesaid, or from being or becoming a

Subscriber and Contributor or Subscribers and Contributors to ' the Stock and Capital of any such Society or Copartnership; and that any such Society or Copartnership which should or might have been formed or begun to be formed under or by virtue of the Provisions contained in the herein-before recited Acts of the First and Second Years, and an Act, therein recited, 4 made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of which any Person or Persons should be or should become a Member or Members, or to which any such Person or Persons should become a Subscriber or Subscribers, 4 or Contributor or Contributors as aforesaid, should be or be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Society or Copartnership of Persons united in Ireland within the true Intent and Meaning of the now reciting Act, any thing in the now reciting Act, or in any other Act or Acts, or any Law, 4 Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, and it was by the now reciting Act lastly enacted, that nothing in the said now reciting Act contained should be construed to prevent any such Society or Copartnership from doing any Act, Matter, or Thing which, but for the express Provision of the now reciting Act, they would by Law be entitled to do: And whereas it hath been doubted whether such Banking Societie8 or Copartnerships, consisting of more than Six in Number, already created or to be created, and not having their Establishments or Houses of Business not less than Fifty Miles late Irish Measurement from Dublin, might lawfully pay in Dublin their Notes or Bills payable to Bearer on Demand, for the Purpose of withdrawing the same from Circulation in Dublin, 4 or within Fifty Miles late Irish Measurement thereof; and it is expedient that such Doubt should be removed Be it therefore enacted and also declared by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it is and shall be lawful for any Number of Persons united or to be united in any Society or Copartnership in Ireland as in and by the said Acts or either of them is mentioned or provided, consisting of more than Six in Number, and not having the Establishments or Houses of Business of such Society or Copartnership at any Place or Places less than Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement distant from Dublin, to pay in Dublin, for the Purpose of withdrawing them

from

C. 32.

237

from Circulation in Dublin, or within fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement thereof, by any Bankers, Agents, or Correspondents, or any other Person or Persons on behalf of such Society or Copartnership, whether such Bankers, Agents, Correspondents, or other Person or Persons shall be Members or a Member of such Society or Copartnership, any Bills and Notes of such Society or Copartnership made payable to Bearer on Demand, jet so nevertheless that all such Bills and Notes so paid in Dublin and withdrawn from Circulation as aforesaid may be re-issued at the Place where such Bills or Notes were originally issued: Provided always, that such Bills or Notes are and shall be originally issued and made payable at some Place or Places, specified in such Bills or Notes, exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement from Dublin, and not elsewhere, and shall not be re-issued within Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement of Dublin/

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Persons united in any such Society or Copartnerships as aforesaid in /re-land} for the Purposes aforesaid, and consisting of more than Six in Number, are or shall, individually or collectively, be subject or liable to any Penalty for or on account of the Payment in Dublin, in the Manner aforesaid, of any such Bills or Notes as it is by this Act declared may be lawfully paid in Dublin, and which may have been so paid before the passing of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable or authorize any such Society or Copartnership, either by any Member or Members thereof, or by their Agent or any other Person on behalf of such Society or Copartnership, to issue or reissue, nor to exempt such Society or Copartnership from any Penalties to which they may now be liable for having issued or re-issued, at Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof of the late Irish Measurement, any Bill or Note of such Society or Copartnership payable to Bearer on Demand, or any Bank Post Bill, nor to draw upon any Partner or Agent who may be resident in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement thereof, nor to exempt such Societies or Copartnerships from any Penalties to which they may now be liable for having already drawn any Bill of Exchange payable to Bearer on Demand, or which shall be for less Amount than Fifty Pounds.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize and empower any such Societies or Copartnerships to borrow, owe, or take up, nor to exempt any such Societies or Copartnerships from any Penalties they are now liable to for having borrowed, owed, or taken up, in England or in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money on any Promissory Note or Bill of any such Society or Copartnership payable on Demand, or at any less Time than £hx Months from the borrowing thereof, nor to make or issue any Bill or Bills of Exchange or Promissory Note or Notes of such Society or Copartnership, contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, save as provided by the said

recited

Copartnership Bankers, paying their Notea in Dublin, not liable to Penalties.

Notes to paid in Dublin, not to be re-issued there.

Not to authorise Bankers to borrow Money contrary to 21 & 22 G.3.

2S8

C. 32.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Act not to pro. judice present Powers of Benkers.

Account of new Officers or Places of Banking in the Course of any Year to be made out.

recited Acts of the First and Second and Sixth Years -of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and by this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to abridge or prejudice or to put any Construction on the said recited Acts, or any of them, tending to abridge or prejudice any Powers or Privileges which any such Societies or Copartnerships are authorized and entitled to use or exercise under or by virtue of the herein-before recited Acts or any of them, save and except that no such Societies or Copartnerships are or shall be considered as authorized or empowered by the said recited Acts, or any of them, to issue or re-issue any Notes made payable to Bearer on Demand in Dublin, or any Place within Fifty Miles of the late Irish Measurement thereof.

VL 1 And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Sixth ' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was amongst other 1 Things further enacted, that between the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty-fifth Day of March following, an Account or Return should be made out by the Secretary

or some other Officer of every such Society or Copartnership, and should be signed by such Secretary or other Officer, and should be verified by the Oath of such Officer taken before any

Justice of the Peace (and which Oath any Justice of the Peace was thereby authorized and empowered to administer) according to the Form contained in the Schedule to that Act annexed, and in every such Account or Return there should be set forth the true Name or Firm of such Society or Copartnership and also the

Names and Places of Abode of all the Partners concerned or engaged in such Society or Copartnership, as the same respectively appear on the Books of such Society or Copartnership, and the Firm and Name of and every Bank or Banks established or to be established by such Society or Copartnership, and also the Names of Two or more Individuals of such Society or Co- partnership who should be resident in Ireland, each and every of whom should respectively be considered as a Public Officer of such Society or Copartnership, and the Title of Office or other 4% Description of every such Individual respectively in the Name of any One of whom such Society or Copartnership should sue and be sued as thereinafter provided, and also the Name of every Town and Place where any such Bills or Notes should be issued 1 by any such Society or Copartnership, or by any Agent or Agents of any such Society or Copartnership; and every such Account ' or Return should be produced at the Stamp Office in Dublin,

and an Entry and Registry thereof should be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose at the said Stamp Office by some Person or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if, after the passing of that Act, any such Society or Copartnership should omit or neglect to deliver at the Stamp Office in Dublin such Account and Return as was by that Act required, such Society or Copartnership should, for each and every Week they should so neglect to make such Account and Return, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred ' Pounds; and it was further enacted, that whenever any Entry and £ Registry of the Firm or Name of any such Society or Copartnership

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.S2.

239

nership should be made at the Stamp Office, in manner aforesaid, ' at any lime between the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year and die Twenty-fifth Day of March following, a Certificate of 1 such Entry or Registry should be granted by the said Commissionere of Stamps, or by some Person deputed and authorized ' by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to the Society or 1 Copartnership by or on whose Behalf such Entry or Registry should be made, and such Certificate should be written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped with a Stamp required by Law for Certificates to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers in Ireland, and a separate and distinct Certificate on a 4 separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with a separate (and distinct Stamp, should be granted for and in respect of every Town and Place where any such Bill or Note should be issued by any such Society or Copartnership, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of such Society or Copartnership, and

every such Certificate should specify the proper Firm, Style,

Title, or Name of such Society or Copartnership under which such Notes were to be issued, and also the Name of the Town 1 or Place or the several Towns or Places where such Notes were to be issued, and the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode (and Title of Office or other Description of the several Individuals named respectively as the Public Officers of such Society or Copartnership, in the Name of any One of whom such Society

or Copartnership should sue and be sued; and every Certificate shoula be dated on the Day on which the same should be granted,

and should have effect and continue in force from the Day of the 1 Date thereof until the Twenty-fifth Day of March following,

(both inclusive, and no longer, and should be sufficient Evidence 1 of the Appointment and Authority of such Public Officers respectively: And whereas by the said last-recited Act no Provision ' is made for adding to the Registry, between the Twenty-fifth

Day of March in any Year and the Twenty-fifth Day of March 4in the succeeding Year, the Name or Names of any additional ' Public Officer or Public Officers, or of any additional Place or ' Places where such Societies or Copartnerships may establish a ' Bank or Banks, or issue the Bills or Notes thereby authorized | Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for such Societies or Copartnerships from time to time, and at any Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the succeeding Year, to make out upon Oath, and cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamps, in manner mentioned in the said last-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, a further Account or Return or further Accounts or Returns, according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, of the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who shall have been nominated or appointed a new or additional Public Officer or Public Officers of such Society or Copartnership, or of the Name of any new or additional Town or Towns, or Place or Places, where such Bills or Notes are or are intended to be issued, and where the same are to be made payable, or of both or either of the above Matters together or separately; and such further Accounts or Returns shall from time

to

C. 82.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Additional Certificates to be granted.

Certified Copies of Returns to be £?i-denee of the Appointment of the Public Officers, &c.

CommissionerB of Stamps to give certified Copies of Returns, on Payment of 10*.

Explaining the Time at which Societies are to make Returns to the Stamp Office.

to time be filed and kept and entered and registered at the Stamp Office in Dublin in like Manner as is by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth required with respect to the original or annual Account or Return thereby directed to be made, and that thereupon an additional Certificate or additional Certificates of such Account and Return or Accounts and Returns shall be granted by the Persons, and in the same Manner, and upon the same Stamps, and containing the same Particulars as in the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty particularly mentioned; and which additional Certificate or Certificates shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Twenty-fifth Day of March following, and no longer, and shall be sufficient Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of the Public Officers respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of any such

Account or Return so filed or kept and registered at the Stamp Office as by the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a) and by this Act is directed, and which Copy shall be certified to be a true Copy under the Hand or Hands of One or more of the Commissioners of Stamps, or other Officer or Officers of the Stamp Office in London or Dublin for the Time being, upon Proof made that such Certificate has been signed with the Hand-writing of the Person or Persons making the same, and whom it shall not be necessary to prove to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, shall in all Proceedings, Civil or Criminal, and in all Cases whatsoever, be received in Evidence as Proof of the Appointment and Authority of the Public Officers named in such Account or Return, and also of the Fact that all Persons named therein as Members of such Society or Copartnership were Members thereof at the Date of such Account or Return. (a) See 1 W. 4. c. 71.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps or other Officers of the Stamp Office for the Time being shall and they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by any Person or Persons requiring a Copy, certified according to this Act, of any such Account or Return as aforesaid, in order that the same may be produced in Evidence, or for any other Purpose, to deliver to the Person or Persons so applying for the same such certified Copy, he, she, or they paying for the same the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Mode and Times at which the Societies or Copartnerships authorized by the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, by the Terms of the said Act, are required to make ' a Return or Account of the Sales and Transfers of their Shares; 1 Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That it is and shall be the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, that such Societies and Copartnerships are not and shall not be liable or obliged to make any Return or Account to the Stamp Office in Dublin of any Sale or Transfer of their Shares which shall take place between the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the succeeding Year; but the said ° Pieties or Copartnerships shall only be liable and obliged to

make

241

make an Account or Return to the Stamp Office in Dublin once in every Year in the Manner and containing the Particulars in the said Act mentioned.

SCHEDULE.

RETURN or ACCOUNT to be entered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, on behalf of [name Society or Copartnership)f in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, (a) intituled [insert the Title of this Act; ] videlicet,

Names of any and every new or additional Public Officer of the said Society or Copartnership; videlicet,

A.B. in Room of C.D. deceased or removed, or in addition to C.D. and E, F.

[as the Case may be; set forth every Name.]

Names of any additional Town or Place or Towns or Places where Bills or Notes are to be issued, and where the same are to be made payable:

[Set forth the Names.]

A.B. of Secretary [or other Officer] of the

above-named Society or Copartnership, maketh Oath and saith, That the above doth contain the Name and Place of Abode of every Person who hath become or been appointed a Public Officer of the above Society or Co-partship since the Registry [or last Account or Return] of the said Society or Copartnership, on the Day of last, as the same respectively appear

on the Books of the said Society or Copartnership, and to the best of the Information, Knowledge, and Belief of this Deponent.

Sworn before me, the Day of in

the County of

C.D. Justice of the Peace in and for the said County.

(a) See 1 W. 4. c. 71.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue for One Year and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[16th July 1830.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to authorize the Advance of a certain Sum, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Completion of the Shubenac-cadie Canal in Nova Scotia.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS the Shubenaccadie Canal Navigation in Nova Scotia, for connecting the Harbour of Halifax with the Basin of Mines at the Head of the Bay of Funday, is a Work

i & s 0.4. c. 59.

3 G.4. c. 124. 10 G.4. c. 36.

C. 34, 35. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Treasury may advance a certain Sum, out of Consolidated Fund, for completing the Shubenac-cadie Canal,

10 G.4. c. 2I.

duties of Assessed Taxes, payable under Contracts of Composition, continued to 5th April 1832.

Persons paying the said Duties at the appointed Time, to have the Benefit of their Contracts as if originally made.

which, when completed, will be of great public Utility Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain abd Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousand rounds in the whole, shall be lent and advanced and paid, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the President and Directors of the Company for making the Skubenaccadie Canal, to be applied by the said President and Directors towards defraying the Expences of completing the said Canal; and such Sum of Money shall be so lent and advanced, at such Times, in such Proportions and Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit and proper; and the Repayment of all Sums of Money so advanced under this Act, with Interest, within the Term of Ten Years from the passing of this Act, shall be secured by an Assignment of the Tolls and Profits of the said Canal to such Persons, in such Manner, and under such Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall order and direct.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue Compositions for Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year and to grant Relief from and alter and repeal the said Duties in certain Cases.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS the duties of Composition for the Assessed 4 Taxes in force under the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue Composition for the Duties of Assessed Taxes for dfurther Term of One Year will expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and it is expedient to continue such Compositions for a further Term, subject to the Provisions hereinafter contained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties now payable under every Contract of Composition for the said Duties of Assessed Taxes by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and every Contract and Composition respectively (except in the Cases hereinafter mentioned), shall and are hereby declared to be continued to his Majesty, to the like annual Amounts as are now payable under such Contracts and Compositions, for the further Period of One Year, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and all Persons paying the said several Duties of Composition for the said further Term of One Year, by Two equal half-yearly Payments, on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one and on or before the Fifth Day of

April

C. 35.

April One thousand eight and thirty-two respectively, shall have the full Benefit of their respective Contracts and Compositions to all Intents as if the same had been originally in force for a Term or Terms to expire on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

IL. Provided always and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Person who shall be desirous of determining his or her Composition on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and who shall on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty give Notice in Writing of such his or her Desire to the Assessor or Collector of the Parish or Place, or to the Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Act for the District in which such Composition shall be payable.

III. And whereas it is also expedient to grant Exemptions from ' the said Duties of Assessed Taxes in particular Cases, and to reduce certain of the said Duties in respect of the Articles hereinafter mentioned; Be it further enacted, That for any Year commencing from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty Exemptions shall be allowed from the Duties in respect of Male Servants and Male Persons respectively described in Schedule (C.) of the said Acts, Number One and Number Three, in the Cases herein mentioned; videlicet, in respect of any Male Servant or Male Person who shall be the Son of the Employer, and shall be under the age of Twenty-one Years; and in respect of any Carriage in Schedule (D.) of the said Acts described with less than Four Wheels, each of which shall be of less Diameter than Thirty Inches, kept by any Person for his or her own Use and not for Hire, and which .shall be drawn by any Pony or Mule not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height; and also in respect of One Horse, Mare, or Gelding bond Jide kept and usually employed by any Person for the Purpose of Husbandry on the Farm or Estate occupied by him or her, although occasionally used for the Purpose of riding, where such Farm shall be of less value than Two hundred Pounds per Annum, estimated as in Cases of Exemptions under Schedule (E.) of the Acts now in force; provided that all such respective Articles hereby exempted shall be duly returned and the Exemptions claimed in the Manner directed by the Acts in force relating to the said Duties of Assessed Taxes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for and in lieu of the Duties described in the said Schedule (D.) now in force and chargeable for Carriages with four Wheels, and for Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and also the Duties described in Schedule (E.) of the said Acts now in force on Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, next hereinafter described, there shall be charged, for any Year commencing from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the several reduced Duties following, and which reduced Duties shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and accounted for in like Manner as the Duties now in force; (that is to say,)

For every Carriage with Four Wheels, each being of less Diameter

than Thirty Inches, where the same shall be drawn by a Pony

or Ponies, Mule or Mules, exceeding Twelve Hands, and neither

Limiting the Extension of this Act.

Duties repeeled in respect of Sons of Employers under 21 Years; and on Carriages with less than Four Wheels of particular Construction, drawn by Ponies under 12 Hands; nnd on Farmers under 200L a Year for a Husbandry Horse occasionally rode.

Duties on Carriages and Horses reduced in certain Cases.

Four-wheel Carriages drawn by Ponies;

244

or drawn by One Hone;

Carriages used by common Carriers in Conveyance of Goods, and occasionally Passengers, where the Stamp Office Duty is not payable;

and Horses drawing such Carriages.

Powers and Provisions of former Acts to be executed by Commissioners, &c. for the further Term.

Act may be repealed this Session.

5 G. 2. c. 25.

45 G.3. c. 124.

C. 35, 36. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

of them exceeding Thirteen Hands in Height, the annual Sum of Three Pounds Five Shillings:

And for every Carriage with Four Wheels, described in the said Schedule (D.), Number One, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and no more, the annual Sum of Four Pounds Ten Shillings:

And for every Carriage with Four Wheels, described in the said Schedule (D.), Number One or Number Two, used by any common Carrier principally and bona fide for and in the Carriage of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by which he or she shall seek a Livelihood, where such Carnage shall be occasionally only used in the Conveyance of Passengers for Hire, and in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty, or any Composition for the same, shall not be payable under any Licence by the Commissioners of Stamps, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings:

And where such Carriage last aforesaid shall have less than Four Wheels, the annual Sum of One Pound Five Shillings:

And for each and every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule used by any common Carrier in drawing any such last-mentioned Carriage respectively, there shall not by reason thereof be charged any other or higher Duty than the Duty payable by Schedule (F.) of the said Acts.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in or authorized by the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or any Act or Acts therein mentioned, shall be observed, followed, and executed by the several Commissioners, Surveyors, Inspectors, Collectors, and other Officers acting in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, or otherwise, for charging, collecting, levying, enforcing Payment, and paying and accounting for the said Duties of Composition hereby made payable for the further Term of One Year, by the half-yearly Instalments and in the Manner aforesaid, to all Intents as if such Contracts and Compositions respectively had been originally entered into, renewed, or continued in force under the said Acts until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by Two several Acts, the one passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Second, intituled An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual

against Persons who abscond and cannot be served therewith, or

refuse to appear; and the other, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Jate Majesty King George the Third, in* 1 tituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His

present Majesty, intituled " An Act for preventing Inconveniences ' arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV.& 1° GUL.IV. C. 36. 245

the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled

to Privilege of Parliament and becoming insolvent, and to prevent

Delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought against Persons having Privilege of Parliament;" certain Provisions were

made for entering Appearances and taking Bills in Equity vro 1 Confesso: And whereas it is expedient to alter and amend and to

consolidate the Laws on that Subject; and it is also expedient to

alter and amend the Law relating to Commitments by Courts ' of Equity for Contempts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Recited Act whole of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of King George the 5 G. 2. and to Second, and so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of

of His late Majesty George the Third, as relates to Courts of Equity, Jrtes ufcourte and the reading of Bills of Discovery as Evidence, shall be and the Equitynd same are hereby repealed; but so as not to affect any thing done the reading of or executed in pursuance thereof respectively; and any Suit, Mat- Bills of Disco-ter, or Thing now in progress under the Authority of the said M E?i-Acts respectively, and not completed, shall or may be completed under the Powers of this Act; and all the Powers of this Act shall or may be exercised as well in regard to new Suits, Commitments,

Discharges, Conveyances, Fines, Recoveries, Matters, or Things, as to Suits, Commitments, Discharges, Conveyances, Fines, Recoveries, Matters, or Things now subsisting or remaining to be made, done, or perfected, whether the Powers of the said Acts or any of them respectively shall or shall not have been applied thereto.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Fleet Warden of the

Prison shall keep a Register of the Names of all Persons com- Fleet to keep* mitted by the Courts of Equity for Contempts, stating the Dates E*8"ter of and the Grounds of their several Commitments, and the Dates of ^"andre-

their respective Discharges, and shall, on the Twentieth Day of Four January, the Twentieth Day of April, the Twentieth Day of July7 Times a Year and the Twentieth Day of October, in every Year, make a Report to the Lord to the Lord Chancellor of the Names and Descriptions of such Chancellor. Prisoners in his Custody on each of such Days respectively, with the Causes and Dates of their respective Commitments.

III. And wherea's sometimes Persons have withdrawn them- Manner of pro- selves beyond the Seas, or otherwise absconded, to avoid ap- ceedingin

pearing in Courts of Equity, or being served with Process for c*e of Persona

that Purpose, or being brought into Court by Habeas Corpus, not appearing

have refused to appear; ' For Remedy of the Inconvenience uSua\nxime thence ensuing, be it further enacted, That if in any Suit which after Subpoena hath been or hereafter shall be commenced in any Court of Equity, or other Pro-any Defendant against whom any Subpoena or other Process shall #ce» has been issue, shall not cause his Appearance to be entered upon such is9ue<1. Process within such Time and in such Manner as according to

the Rules of the Court the same ought to have been entered in case such Process had been duly served, and an Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made to the Satisfaction of such Court that such Defendant is beyond the Seas, or that upon Inquiry at his usual Place of Abode he could not be found so as to be served with such Process, and that there is just Ground to believe that such

9*0

G.56.

1P GEO. IV. & P GUL. IV. A. O'. 1050.

Persons in "'ustody so ne-:ctinff. to be

Defendant is gone out of the Realm, or otherwise absconded, to avoid being served with the Process of meh Court; then and in such Case the Court out of which such Process issued may make on Order directing and appointing such Defendant to appear at a certain Day therein to be named, and a Copy of such Order shall, within Fourteen Days after such Order made, be inserted in the London Gazette, and published on some Lord's Day immediately after Divine Service in the Parish Church of the Parish where such Defendant made his usual Abode within Thirty Days next before such his absenting; and also a Copy of such Order shall, within the Time aforesaid, be posted up as after mentioned; (that is to say,) a Copy of every such Order made in His Majesty's High Court orf Chancery, Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, shall be posted up in some public Place at the Royal Exchange in London / and a Copy of every such Order made in any of the Courts of Equity of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, shall be posted up at some public Place in some Market Town within the Jurisdiction of the Court by which such Order was made, and nearest to the Place where such Defendant made his usual Abode as aforesaid, such Place of Abode being also within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and if the Defendant do not appear within the Time limited by such Order, or within such further Time as the Court shall appoint, then on Proof made of such Publication of such Order as aforesaid, the Court being satisfied of the Truth thereof, may order the Plaintiff's Bill to be taken pro Confesso, and make such Decree thereupon as shall be thought just, and may thereupon issue Process* to compel the Performance of such Decree, either by an immediate Sequestration of the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of the Party so absenting (if any such can be found), or such Part thereof as may be sufficient to satisfy the Demands of the Plaintiff in the said Suit, or by causing Possession of the Estate or Effects demanded by the Bill to be delivered to the Plaintiff, or otherwise, as the Nature of the Case shall require; and the said Court may likewise order such Plaintiff to be paid and satisfied his Demands out of the Estate or Effects so sequestered, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Decree, such Plaintiff first giving sufficient Security, in such Sum as the Court shall think proper, to abide such Order touching the Restitution of such Estate or Effects as the Court shall think proper to make concerning the same, upon the Defendant's Appearance to defend such Suit, and paying such Costs to the Plaintiff as the Court shall order; but in case such Plaintiff shall refuse or neglect to give such Security as aforesaid, then the said Court shall order the Estate or Effects so sequestered, or whereof the Possession shall be decreed to be delivered, to remain under the Direction of the Court, either by appointing a Receiver thereof, or otherwise, as to such Court shall seem meet, until the Appearance of the Defendant to defend such Suit, and his paying such Costs to the Plaintiff as the said Court shall think reasonable, or until such Order shall be made therein as the Court shall think just.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person against whom any Decree shall be made upon Refusal or

Neglect

C. 36.

347 *

Neglect to enter hie Appearance, or appoint a Clerk in Court or wired with a Attorney to act on his behalf, shall be in Custody or forthcoming, Copy of the so that he may be served with a Copy of such Decree, then he shall Decree, be served with a Copy thereof before any Process shall be taken out to compel the Performance thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Decree Per50n* out of shall be made in pursuance of this Act against any Person being

out of Realm or absconding, in manner aforesaid, at the Time

such Decree is pronounced, and such Person shall, within Seven return Years after the making such Decree, return, or become publicly within Seven visible, then and in such Case he shall likewise be served with Years, to be a Copy of such Decree within a reasonable Time after his Return "rvedwitba or public Appearance shall be known to the Plaintiff; and in case Death,

any Defendant against whom such Decree shall be made shall, their Hein, 4c. within Seveu Years after the Making such Decree, happen to die before his or her Return into this Realm or appearing openly as aforesaid, or shall, within the Time last before mentionea, die in Custody before his or her being served with a Copy of such Decree, then his or her Heir, if such Defendant shall have any Real Estate sequestered, or whereof Possession shall have been delivered to the Plaintiff, and such Heir may be found, or if such Heir shall be a Feme Covert, Infant, or non compos Mentis, the Husband, Guardian, or Committee of such Heir respectively, or if the Personal Estate of such Defendant be sequestered, or Possession thereof delivered to the Plaintiff, then his Executor or Administrator (if any such there be), may and shall be served with a Copy of such Decree, within a reasonable Time after it shall be known to the Plaintiff that the Defendant is dead, and who is his Heir, Executor, or Administrator, or where he may be served therewith.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Penon* not

Person so served with a Copy of such Decree shall not, within Pfennig a Six Months after such Service, appear and petition to have the with-

said Cause reheard, such Decree so made as aforesaid shall stand in j^onths," absolutely confirmed against the Person so served with a Copy tfee Deere? to thereof, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and all Persons he absolutely claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, or any of them, by conflrmed. virtue of any Act done or to be done subsequent to the Commencement of such Suit.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons peti. Person so served with a Copy of such Decree shall within Six |joni.n8 a B*-Months after such Service, or if any Person not being so served

shall within Seven Years next after the making such Decree, appear and giving Se-in Court and petition to be heard with respect to the Matter of curity for such Decree, and shall pay down or give Security for Payment Costs, admitted of such Costs as the Court shall think reasonable m that Behalf, answer, and the Person so petitioning, or his Representatives, or any Person

claiming under him by virtue of any Act done before the Com-

menceqiont of the Suit, may be admitted to Answer the Bill exhibited, and Issue may be joined, and Witnesses on both Sides examined; and such other Proceedings, Decree, and Execution may be had thereon, as there might have been in case the same Party had originally appeared, and the Proceedings had then

C.S6.

11° GEO. IV. & 1" GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Persons not appearing within Seven Tears, and making such Petition, to be absolutely barred.

Not to affect Persons beyond the Seas, unless in certain Cases.

As to Courts having a limited Jurisdiction.

Defendants brought into Court by Habeas Corpus, or in Custody, and refusing to enter Appearance, Court may enter it for them.

Appearances may be put id for Defendants having Privilege of Parliament in Court of Equity, on Return of Process of Sequestration.

been newly begun, or as if no former Decree or Proceedings had beed in the same Cause.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person against whom such Decree shall be made, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall not, within Seven Years next after the making of such Decree, appear and petition to have the Cause reheard, and pay down or give Security for Payment of such Costs as the Court shall think reasonable in that Behalf, such Decree made as aforesaid shall 6tand absolutely confirmed against the Person against whom such Decree shall be made, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and against all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, or any of them by virtue of any Act done or to be done subsequent to the Commencement of such Suit; and at the End of such Seven Years it shall and may be lawful for the Court to make such further Order as shall be just and reasonable, according to the Circumstances of the Case.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to warrant or make good any Proceeding against any Person beyond the Seas, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court by Affidavit or Affidavits, before the making of such Decree, that such Person had been in that Part of Great Britain called England within Two Years next before the Subpoena in such Suit issued against such Person.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Provisions herein-before contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to warrant or make good any Proceeding against any Person in any Court of Equity having a limited Jurisdiction, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Court by Affidavit, before the making of such Decree, that such Person had resided within the Jurisdiction of such Court within One Year next before the Subpoena in such Suit issued against such Person.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Defendant, by virtue of any Writ of Habeas Corpus or other Process issuing out of any Court of Equity, shall be brought into Court, and shall refuse or neglect, or, being within the Walls of any Prison in England under or charged with an Attachment or other Process of Contempt, shall, after Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing requiring him to enter an Appearance, refuse or neglect to enter his Appearance according to the Rules or Method required by the said Court, or to 'appoint a Clerk in Court or Attorney of such Court to act on his Behalf, such Court may appoint a Clerk in Court or Attorney of such Court to enter an Appearance for such Defendant, and such Proceedings may thereupon be had in the Cause as if the Party had actually appeared.

XII. And whereas in many Cases Persons having Privilege of ' Parliament are named as Defendants in Suits instituted in Courts ' of Equity against them, either alone or jointly with other Persons ' for enforcing against them Demands and Duties cognizable in Courts of Equity, and in some Cases such Defendants having 1 Privileges of Parliament have stood out to the Return of Process of Sequestration issued against them for enforcing Appearance#

and such Process of Sequestration hath not been found sufficient

to

C. 86.

249

to enforce such Appearance Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Defendant having Privilege of Parliament shall, upon a Return of Process of Sequestration issued against him for not putting in an Appearance to any original or other Bill of Complaint instituted against him in a Court of Equity for enforcing Discovery and Relief, or Discovery alone, (as the Case may be,) neglect to appear, that then and in such Case such Court, upon producing the Return of such Seaues-tration in Court, may, on the Motion or other Application of the Plaintiff in such Cause, appoint a Clerk in Court to enter an Appearance for such Defendant so having Privilege of Parliament, and such Proceedings may be thereupon had in the Cause as if the Party had actually appeared.

XIII. And whereas in many Cases it is necessary, on the Part of the Persons having legal Rights against Persons having Privilege of Parliament, to proceed by Bill in Equity against such Persons so having Privilege of Parliament, to obtain from them Discovery on Oath of Facts intended to be used or given in Evidence in Courts df Law against the Persons making such Discovery; and in Cases where such Persons having such Privilege as aforesaid shall stand out Process of Contempt, Parties entitled to such Discovery against them have not sufficient Means of compelling or obtaining the same in all Cases; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Defendant having Privilege of Parliament shall have appeared to any Bill filed against him seeking a Discovery upon Oath, or when an Appearance shall have been entered for such Defendant according to the Provisions aforesaid, and such Person shall refuse or neglect to put in his Answer to such Bill within the Time for that Purpose allowed by the Rules and Orders of such Court, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff in such Suit to apply to the Court for an Order that such Bill shall be taken pro Confesso against such Defendant, and upon such Application such Court of Equity shall make an Order that such Bill shall be taken pro Confesso, unless the Defendant shall within Eight Days after being served with such Order shew good Cause to the contrary.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Order shall have been pronounced by any such Court of Equity for taking such Bill pro Confesso, such Bill in Equity, or an examined Copy thereof, so taken pro Confesso, shall be taken and read in any Court of Law or Equity as Evidence of the Facts and Matters and Things therein contained, in the same Manner as if such Facts, Matters, and Things had been admitted to be true by the Answer of the Defendant put in to such Bill; and such Bill so taken pro Confesso shall be received and taken in Evidence of such and the same Facts, and on behalf of such and so many Persons, as the Answer of the Defendant to the said Bill could and might have been read and received in Evidence of, in case such Answer had been put in by the Defendant thereto, and had admitted the same Facts, Matters, and Circumstances as in such Bill stated and set forth; and in like Manner every other Bill of Discovery taken pro Confesso, under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall or may be taken and read as Evidence of the Facts and Matters and Things therein contained, to the Extent aforesaid.

In default of Answer to Bill in Equity against Persona having Privilege of Parli* ment, Bill shall be taken pro Confesso.

Such Bill shall be read in Evidence as an Answer admitting the Facts.

tM

C. 36.

11° GEO. IV.& 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Rules for Coons of Equity.

XV. And for remedying the Practice of Courts of Equity in regard to Process of Contempt and the taking of Bills pro Con-fonoy be it further enacted, That the Rules ami Regulations here* naffer provided and contained shall be adopted by the High Court of Chancery, and shall from henceforth become Orders and Rules of the said Court of Chancery, and be observed and enforced in and by the said Court; (that is to say,)

1. That when a Writ of Attachment shall have duly issued against

any Defendant for Contempt in not answering the Bill, and such Defendant shall not have been taken under such Writ, and the Sheriff of the County into which such Writ shall have issued shall make a Return of Non est inventus to the same, the Court shall, upon Motion by or on behalf of the Plaintiff, (Notice of which shall not be required,) order that the Serjeant at Arms attending the Court do apprehend such Defendant and bring him to the Bar of the Court to answer his Contempt, and the same Proceedings may thereupon be had as if such Order had been made in the Manner heretofore in use; provided that before such Order shall in any such Case be made, the Plaintiff applying for the same shall be required to satisfy the Court, by the Affidavit of the Solicitor of the Plaintiff, or of his Town Agent, if the Writ of Attachment was issued by such Town Agent, that due Diligence was used to ascertain the Place where such Defendant was at the Time of issuing such Writ, and in endeavouring to apprehend such Defendant under the same, and that the Person Buing forth such Writ verily believed at the Time of suing forth the same that such Defendant was in the County into which such Writ was issued.

2. That if any Defendant, being in Contempt for not answering

the Bill, shall have been brought to the Bar of the Court under Process for such Contempt, and shall have been committed or remanded back to the Prison of the Fleet, the Plaintiff may sue forth the Writ of Habeas Corpus in the Manner and Form heretofore in use in the like Cases, provided that there shall be at least Twenty-eight Days between the Day on which such Defendant was so committed or remanded back and the Return of such Writ of Habeas Corpus; and upon or after the Return of such Writ of Habeas Corpus, in case such Defendant shall not have put in his Answer, the Court shall order the Bill to be taken pro Confesso against such Defendant, in the same Manner, as is now usual in the like Cases upon the Return of a Writ of Alias pluries Habeas Corpus, and such Decree shall thereupon be made as shall be thought just; but in regard to any Defendant in Custody before and at the Time of the passing of this Act, there shall be at least Thirty Days between the Time of passing this Act and the Return of such last-mentioned Writ of Habeas Corpus; and it shall not be necessary in the Case of any Defendant now in Custody as aforesaid, who shall have been brought to the Bar of the Court as aforesaid, to sue forth more than One Writ of Habeas Corpus in order to take the Bill pro Confesso.

3. That the Party prosecuting any Contempt shall be at liberty,

without

A, l>. issa

litf GEOJV. & 1*GUL.IV.

without Order, to sue forth die several Wilts in Process of Concempt, returnable hnaaediately in case the Party in Contempt resides or is in London or within Twenty Miles thereof; and that in other Cases, the Party prosecuting a Contempt shall be at liberty, without Order, to sue forth such several Write, returnable in Vacation, provided that there be Fifteen Days between the Teste and the Return of each of such Writs.

4« That where a Defendant is confined for a Misdemeanor, and has been brought before the Court upon an Habeas Corpus, and thereupon has been turned over to the Fleet pro Jbrmd, but has been carried back to the Prison from whence he came, with his Cause, another Writ of Habeas Corpus may issue, directed to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison to which he has been carried back, and thereupon the Defendant shall be brought into Court, and remanded to the Prison from whence he came, with his Cause, without being turned over again to the Fleet Prison, and the Bill may be taken pro Con-Jesso, in the same Manner in all respects as if the Defendant had been all along in the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet.

5. That if the Defendant, under Process of Contempt for not

appearing or not answering, be in actual Custody, and shall not have been sooner brought to the Bar of the Court under Process to answer his Contempt, the Plaintiff, if the Contempt be not sooner cleared, shall bring the Defendant by an Habeas Corpus to the Bar of the Court within Thirty Days from the Time of his being actually in Custody, or detained (being already in Custody) upon Process of Contempt, and if the last Day of such Thirty Days shall happen out of Term, then within the Four first Days of the ensuing Terra; and where the Defendant is in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or of the Messenger, upon an Attachment or other Process, the Plaintiff shall, within Ten Days after his being taken into such Custody, or if the last of such Ten Days shall happen out of Term then within the first Four Days of the next ensuing Term, cause the Defendant to be brought to the Bar of the Court; and in case any such Defendant shall not be brought to the Bar of the Court within the respective Times aforesaid, the Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, Serjeant at Arms or Messenger, in whose Custody he shall be, shall thereupon discharge him out of Custody without Payment by him of the Costs of Contempt, which shall be payable by the Party on whose Behalf the Process issued; and this Rule shall apply to every Defendant in Custody before and at the Time of passing of this Act, who shall not have been brought to the Bar of the Court; but the Thirty Days allowed in the first above-mentioned Case, and the Ten Days allowed in the second above-mentioned Case, shall be reckoned from the first Day of next Term.

6. That if a Defendant, upon being brought before the Court upon

an Habeas Corpus, shall make Oath (which shall be administered to him by the Registrar, and he shall be examined in open Court), that he is unable by reason of Poverty to employ a Solicitor to put in his Answer, the Court shall

thereupon

351

252

C. 96.

no GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

thereupon refer it to a Master in Rotation to inquire into the Truth of that Allegation, and to report thereon to the Court forthwith, and thereupon the Court may make such Order as upon other Reports of the like Nature under the Provisions hereinafter contained.

7* That on the Thirtieth Day of January, the Thirtieth Day of April, the Thirtieth Day of July, and the Thirtieth Day of October, in every Year, or if any of those Days happen on a Sunday, then on the following Day, One of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, to be named by the Court, shall visit the Fleet Prison, and examine the Prisoners confined there for Contempt, and shall report their Opinion on their respective Cases to the Court; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court to order, if it shall see fit, that the Costs of the Contempt of any such Prisoner shall be paid out of the Interest and Dividends arising from the several Government or Parliamentary Securities standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, intituled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, '* and " Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or out of any Cash standing to either of such Accounts, or to any other Account which is now or hereafter may be standing to the Credit of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, (after and subject to the Payment of all Charges which by any Act heretofore passed are directed to be paid thereout,) and to assign a Solicitor and Counsel to such Prisoner, for putting in his Answer and defending him in formd pauperis, and to direct any such Prisoner, having previously done such Acts as the Court shall direct, to be discharged out of Custody; provided that if any such Defendant become entitled to any Funds out of such Cause, the same shall be applied, under the Direction of said Court, in the first Instance to the Reimbursement of the Suitors Fund.

8. That it shall be lawful for the Master visiting the Fleet, or to

whom the Case of a Prisoner shall be referred by the Court itself, to examine the Prisoner, and all other Persons whom he may think it proper to examine, upon Oath, and to administer an Oath or Oaths to any such Prisoner and other Persons accordingly; and to cause any Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of any Court of Law or Equity to bring and produce upon Oath before him any Records, Orders, Books, Papers, or other Writings belonging to the said Courts, or to any of the Officers within the same as such Officers.

9. That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, that

any such Prisoner is an Idiot, Lunatic, or of unsound Mind, although no Commission has issued, the Court shall appoint a Guardian to put in his Answer and discharge the Defendant, providing for the Costs in any of the Ways pointed out by this Act, as shall seem just; and if the Court shall 6ee fit, the Defence may be made by such Guardian in forma pauperis.

10. That

C.S6.

253

10. That where the Defendant has been brought to the Bar of the Court for his Contempt in not answering, and refuses or neglects to answer, (not being Idiot, Lunatic, or of unsound Mind,) the Court may, upon Motion or Petition, of which due Notice shall be given personally to the Defendant, authorize the Plaintiff to amend his Bill, without such Amendment operating as a Discharge of the Contempt, or rendering it necessary to proceed with the Process of Contempt dt novo; but after such Amendment the Plaintiff may proceed to take the amended Bill pro Confesso, in the same Manner as if it had not been amended: Provided nevertheless, that if the Defendant shall be desirous to answer such amended Bill, the Court shall allow him such Time as shall seem just for that Purpose; but if he shall not within the Time allowed by the Court put in a sufficient Answer to the amended Bill, the Process for taking the Bill pro Confesso may be resumed and carried on.

11. That in every Case where the Defendant hap been brought to the Bar of the Court to answer his Contempt for not answering, and shall refuse or neglect to answer within the next Twenty-one Days, the Plaintiff shall be at liberty, with the Leave of the Court, upon Ten Days previous Notice to the Defendant after the Expiration of such Twenty-one Days, unless good Cause be shown to the contrary, instead of proceeding to have the Bill taken pro Confessoy to put in such an Answer to the Bill as hereinafter is mentioned, in the Name of the Defendant, without Oath or Signature; and thereupon the Suit shall proceed in the same Manner as if such Answer were really the Answer of the Defendant, with which the Plaintiff was satisfied; and the Costs of the Contempt and of putting in such Answer may be provided for in like Manner as if the Defendant himself had put in such Answer; and such Answer, besides the formal Parts thereof, shall be to the following Effect; that the Defendant leaves the Plaintiff to make such Proofs of the several Matters in the Bill alleged as he shall be able or be advised, and submits his Interests to the Court.

12. That in any Case where, upon the Application of the Plaintiff, the Court shall be satisfied that Justice cannot be done to the Plaintiff without an Answer to the Bill or to the Interrogatories from the Defendant himself, it shall be lawful for the Court to order the Defendant to remain in Custody until Answer or further Order, but without Prejudice to the Plaintiff's availing himself of any of the Provisions of this Act.

13. That where the Defendant is in Contempt for not appearing or not answering, and in actual Custody under Process for such Contempt, or being already in Custody shall be detained by an Attachment for such Contempt, and shall not, where the Contempt is for not appearing, enter an Appearance within Twenty-one Days after he is lodged in Gaol or Prison, or the Attachment is lodged against him, (he being already in Prison,) as the Case may be, or, where the Contempt is for not answering, put in an Answer within Two Calendar Months after he is lodged in Gaol or Prison, or the Attachment is

lodged

l

C»36L

11° GEO. IV. fc l3 GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

86 *

lodged against him, he being already in Prison, die Plaintiff shall (as the Case may be), within Fourteen days after die Period computed from the Expiration of such Twenty-one Days within which he may by the Provisions of this Act be able to enter such Appearance, cause an Appearance to be entered for the Defendant under the Powers of this Act, and shall at the Expiration of such Two Calendar Months proceed to take the Bill pro Confess and shall accordingly obtain an Order for taking the same pro Conjesso within Six Weeks after the Period computed from the Expiration of such Two Calendar Months within which he may be able to take the same pro Confesso; or in Default of so doing in either of such Cases, the Defendant shall, upon Application to the Court, be entitled to be discharged out of Custody without paying any of the Costs of the Contempt, unless the Court shall, under the Power herein-before contained, see good Cause to remand and detain the Defendant in Custody; and this Rule shall apply to every Defendant in Custody before and at the Time of the passing of this Act, who shall not have entered his Appearance, and for whom an Appearance shall not have been entered, or shall not have answered the Bill, and the <Bill shall not have been taken -pro Confesso, but the Twenty-one Days and Two Calendar Months respectively to be reckoned from the first Day of next Term, and the other Periods to be altered accordingly in Computation; but nothing in this Act shall prevent any Plaintiff from proceeding to take his Bill pro Confesso* according to the Practice existing before the passing of this Act, where at the Time of passing of this Act his Proceedings shall be so far advanced that the Powers of this Act would not enable him to accelerate the Period for taking his Bill pro Confesso.

H. That where a Defendant is in Custody for Contempt in not answering, and shall be able to put in his Answer by borrowing or obtaining a Copy of the Bill, without taking an Office Copy of the Bill, he shall not be compellable to take any such Copy, but the Clerk in Court may (if he think the Defendant is of sufficient Ability to pay for an Office Copy) require him, before the Answer is filed, to make an Affidavit denying his Ability in consequence of Poverty to pay for an Office Copy of the Bill.

15. That when any Person shall have been directed by any Decree or Order to execute any Deed or other Instrument, or make a Surrender or Transfer, or to levy a Fine, or suffer a Recovery, and shall have refused or neglected to execute, make, or transfer, or levy or suffer the same, and shall have been committed to Prison under Process for such Contempt, or, being confined in Prison for any other Cause, shall have been charged with or detained under Process for such Contempt, and shall remain in such Prison, the Court may, upon Motion or Petition, and upon Affidavit that such Person has, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Time of his being committed under, or charged with, or detained under such Process, again refuse to execute such Deed or Instrument, or make such Surrender or Transfer, or levy or

suffer

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IY. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 8.

ass

suffer such Fine or Recovery, order or appoint One of the Masters in Ordinary, or if the Act is to be done out of Londotiy then, if necessary, One of the Masters Extraordinary, to execute such Deed or other Instrument, or to make such Surrender or Transfer, for and in the Name of such Person, and to levy such Fine or suffer such Recovery in his Name, and to do all Acts necessary to give Validity and Operation to such Fine and Recovery, and to lead or declare the Uses thereof; and the Execution of the said Deed or other Instrument, and the Surrender or Transfer made by the said Master, and the Fine or Recovery levied or suffered by him, shall in all respects have the same Force and Validity as if the same had been executed or made, levied or suffered, by the Party himself; and within Ten Days after the Execution or making of any such Deed or other Instrument, or Surrender or Transfer, or levying or suffering such Fine or Recovery,

Notice thereof shall be given by the adverse Solicitor to the Party in whose Name the same is executed or made; and such Party, as soon as the Deed or other Instrument, or Surrender, Transfer, Fine, or Recovery shall be executed, made, levied, or suffered, shall be considered as having cleared his Contempt, except as far as regards the Payment of the Costs of the Contempt, and shall be entitled to be discharged therefrom under any of the Provisions of this Act applicable to his Case; and the Court shall make such Order as shall be just, touching the Payment of the Costs of or attending any such Deed, Surrender, Instrument, Transfer, Fine, or Recovery.

16. That where a Person shall be committed for a Contempt in not delivering to any Person or Persons or depositing in Court or elsewhere, as by any Order may be directed, Books, Pbpers, or any other Articles or Things, any Sequestrator or Sequestrators appointed under any Commission of Sequestration shall have the same Power to seize and take such Books, Papers, Writings, or other Articles or Things, being in the Custody or Power of the Person against whom the Sequestration issues, as they would have over his own Property; and thereupon such Articles or Things so seized and taken shall be dealt with by the Court as shall be just; and after such Seizure it shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Application of the Prisoner, or of any other Person in the Cause or Matter, or upon any Report to be made in pursuance of this Act, to make such Order for the Discharge of the Prisoner, upon such Terms, and, if it shall see fit, making any Costs in the Cause, as to the Court shall seem proper.

17. That in any other Case of a Commitment for Contempt, not herein specially provided for the Court may upon any such. Application as last aforesaid, or upon any such Report as aforesaid, make such Order for the Discharge of the Prisoner, upon any such Terms, and making, if the Court shall see fit,

any Costs in the Cause, as to the Court shall seem proper. Costs.

18. That where any Person committed for a Contempt shall be entitled to his Discharge upon applying to the Court, but shall

omit

256 C. 36. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

omit to make such Application, the Court may upon any such Report as aforesaid compulsorily discharge such Person from the Contempt and from Custody, and pay the Costs of the Contempt out of any Funds belonging to him over which the Court may have Power, or make them Costs in the Cause as against him, or may discharge him from the Contempt, but leave him in Custody for the Costs, which may be cleared, if he be insolvent, under the Provisions hereinafter contained in that Behalf.

19. That where any Party obstinately retains Possession of Lands or other Real Property after a Writ of Execution of a Decree or an Order for Delivery of Possession has been duly served and Demand of Possession made, and upon an Affidavit of such Service of the Writ of Execution, and of such Demand made thereunder, and a Refusal to comply therewith on the Part of the Person against whom the Writ issued, the Party issuing it shall be at liberty, upon an Affidavit of Service of the Writ of Execution, and Demand of Possession and Refusal, to obtain the usual Order of Course for the Writ of Assistance to issue, and that the intermediate Writs of Attachment and Injunction further commanding the Party to deliver Possession, or any other Writ, shall be unnecessary.

20. That in order to relieve Persons in Prison from the Expence of a Master's Attendance to take Affidavits or Answers, the Lord High Chancellor do, by One or more Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal, upon or in respect of which no Fee shall be payable, nominate and appoint the Warden, Keeper, or other Chief Officer of every Prison within the City of London, or the Bills of Mortality, and their Deputies, to be Masters Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, for the Purpose of taking and receiving such Affidavits and Answers as any Person or Persons within any such Prison shall be willing or desirous to make, and for no other Purpose; and the Person so taking such Affidavit or Answer shall in respect thereof be entitled to receive a Fee of One Shilling, and no more; and the Court of Exchequer shall in like Manner appoint such Persons as aforesaid a Commissioner or Commissioners of the said Court, for the Purposes aforesaid, and no others, and with the Right to the like Fee, and no more; and in every Case of an Answer being sworn in Prison, a Clerk of a Master or Baron (as the Case may require) shall attend to take and carry back to and from the Prison the Answer, and shall in respect thereof be entitled to a Fee of Three Shillings, and no more.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Discharge of any Prisoner adjudicated upon under Authority of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, or any other Act which may hereafter be passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall and may extend to all Process issuing from any Court of Equity for any Contempt of such Court for Nonpayment of Money, or of Costs, Charges, or Expences in any such Court; and that in such Case, the said Discharge shall

be

Discharge may extend to Process for Contempt in Nonpayment of Money, and to Costs incurred by Creditor, but subject to Taxation.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 36.

257

be deemed to extend to all Costs which such Prkoner shall be liable to pay in consequence or by reason of such Contempt, or on purging the same; and that every Discharge, so adjudicated as aforesaid, as to any Debt or Damages of any Creditor of such Prisoner, shall be deemed to extend also to all Costs incurred by such Creditor, before the filing of such Prisoner's Schedule, in any Action or Suit brought by such Creditor, against such Prisoner for the Purpose, for the Recovery of the same; and that all Persons as to whose Demands for, any Such Costs, Money, or Expences any such Persons shall be so adjudged to be discharged, shall be deemed and taken to be Creditors of such Prisoner in respect thereof, and entitled to the Benefits of all the Provisions made for Creditors by the said Act, or any future Act; subject nevertheless to such ascertaining of the Amount of the said Demands as may be had by Taxation or otherwise, and to such Examination thereof as is in the said last-mentioned Act, or as shall be in any future Act provided in respect of all Claim to a Dividend of such Insolvent's Estate and Effects.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Process of Contempt is for the Nonperformance of an Act, for Example, the not answering the Plaintiff's Bill, and the Bill in Equity to which the Insolvent is a Party is taken pro Conjesso, and he has not paid the Costs of the Contempt, or the Insolvent has fully answered the Plaintiff's Bill or Interrogatories, or otherwise cleared his Contempt, except as far as regards the Payment of the Costs, or it has become in Event unnecessary for him to do the Act for the Nonperformance of which he was committed or attached, the Court of Equity in which the Suit is depending shall, upon the Application of the Party in Contempt, discharge him from the same, except as to the Costs thereof, for which he shall remain in Custody, and such Costs shall be deemed within the Provision lastly herein-befoje contained, and he shall be dischargeable therefrom, and from the Process of Contempt, in like Manner as if the Process of Contempt were for Nonpayment of Money or Costs; provided that this Order or Regulation shall not weaken any of the other Powers by this Act given, nor shall any thing herein contained lessen the Operation of the said Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities, given by this Act to the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, shall and may be exercised as well by such Lord Chancellor as by (and they are hereby given to) the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, and to the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor respectively; but the Reports of the Warden of the Fleets and of the Masters visiting there, shall be made to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners only, who alone are to make Orders thereupon for Discharge or Relief of Prisoners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Rules hereinbefore directed to be adopted by the Court of Chancery as are numbered from Five to Twenty, both inclusive, shall be adopted by the Court of Exchequer, which Court shall, for the Purposes of this Act, draw upon the Suitors Fund of that Court.

When Process of Contempt Is for Nonperformance of an Act.

Powers given

by this Act to the Court of Chancery to extend to the Lord Keeper.

Certain Rules to be adopted by Court of Exchequer.

368

Power* contained in such last-mentioned Rules extended to the Court of Exchequer.

Rule for the Interpretation of this Act.

11 G.l. c. 26.

9 G.i c. 29.

Abridging the Period between passing a Capital Sen-fence and the carrying of it »o execution.

C. 36, 37. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities contained in such last-mentioned Rules, and given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by, and are hereby given to His Majesty's - Court of Exchequer, and may be exercised by the said Court, or by the Lord Chief Baron thereof; but such periodical Visits only to be made to the Fleet Prison, in regard to Prisoners for Contempt of the said Court, as the Lord Chief Baron shall direct, and by such Officer or Officers of the Court as he shall nominate.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That wherever this Act, in describing or referring to any Person, or any Conveyance, Transfer, Matter, or Thing, uses the Word importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, the same shall ha- understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons as well as One Person, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Conveyances, Transfers, Matters, or Things respectively, as well as One Conveyance, Transfer, Matter, or Thing respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland^ and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof, in Cases importing a Capital Punishment.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and 1 Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom, by which it is enacted, that no Sentence importing a Capital Punishment, pronounced in Edinburgh or in any Place to the Southward of the Frith or River of Forth, shall be put to Execution within less than Thirty Days of the Date of such Sentence; and if pronounced in any Place to the Northward of the said Firth or River, shall be put to Execution within less than Forty Days from the Date of such 1 Sentence: And whereas it is expedient that the s&id Periods should be abridged: And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ' Fourth, intituled An Act to authorize additional Circuit Courts of Justiciary to be held, and to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland; which Act requires to be amended in certain Points: And whereas it is expedient to afford some additional Facilities in such Trials May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First as prohibits the Sentences of the Courts of Judicature importing a Capital Punishment from being put to Execution within the Periods therein specified be repealed.

H. And

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 87.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First When Sen-Day of August next after the passing of this Act every Sentence tence^ of Capital of any Criminal Court imposing a Capital Punishment, if pronounced in Edinburgh or in any other Part of Scotland to the Southward of the Firth or River of Forth, shall specify a Day for carrying it for having the same put to Execution, not being less than Fifteen into execuuon. Days or more than Twenty-one Days after the Date of such Sentence; and if pronounced in any Place to the Northward of the said Firth or River of Forth, the Day to be so specified shall not be less than Twenty Days or mare than Twenty-seven Days after the Date of such Sentence.

III. And be it enacted, That so long and as often as an addi- Spring Circuit tional Circuit Court shall be held at any Town in Scotland during >n certain

the Recess of the Court of Session in the End of December and Beginning of January, in Terms of the before-recited Act passed th#n 20£ooer in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George April, the Fourth, the immediately succeeding Circuit Court shall not be held at any such Town sooner than the Twentieth Day of April.

IV. And be it enacted, That on the Prosecution of Criminal Regulation as Offences before Sheriffs of Counties according to the summary to Criminal Form provided by the said last-recited Act, the Person accused,

when first brought before the Sheriff, shall be entitled to require a Copy of the Libel against him, and to require that his Trial shall be adjourned for a Space not less than Forty-eight Hours after such Copy of the Libel shall be served upon him; and such Requisitions shall thereupon be complied with, provided that the same shall be made before the Examination of any Witness upon the Trial shall have been commenced; and no such Requisition shall be competent where a Copy of the Libel shall have been served upon the Person accused at least Forty-eight Hours before such Trial.

V. And be it enacted, That no Adjournment of any such Trial Further Regu* shall take place when the Person accused pleads Not'guilty, or JadoMssto at any other Stage of the Trial, except when required by the uxa*' Person accused, as herein-before provided, unless the Sheriff shall

see cause to authorize such an Adjournment; and it is provided, that when the Declaration of the Person accused or other Evidence different from Parole Testimony shall be adduced on such Trial, the Production thereof in Evidence shall be marked in the Record of the Trial.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer TraiwnMonef of the Law, when lawfully conveying any Prisoner to any Gaol Pruooew. or before any Magistrate, to convey such Prisoner through any County adjoining to that over which the Magistrate possesses Jurisdiction before whom such Prisoner is to be carried for Examination, or to that in which the Gaol ip situated to which such Prisoner is to be committed, in the same Way in all respects as if such Officer had been an Officer of the County through which he may so pass, and as if the Warrant under which he is acting had been granted or indorsed by a Magistrate of such County.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be sufficient for the Officer may Legal Citation of any Juror or Witnesa in any Cause or Legal cite Juron and Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, that such Citation be given by an^IJtne"^. Officer of the Law duly authorized, without Witnesses; and it is lt"

hereby provided that the Oath of such Officer in support of the

260

C.S7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Execution shall be held and received as sufficient Evidence of such Citation when the same shall be questioned in a Court of Law. Citation of

VIII. And be it enacted, That when the Attendance of any

Witnesses. Person shall be required as a Witness in any Criminal Cause or Proceeding, or in any Prosecution for a pecuniary Penalty, before any Court or Magistrate in Scotland, such Person, although not residing within the Jurisdiction of the Court or Magistrate granting the Warrant of Citation, may be cited on the Warrant of such Court or Magistrate, and this either by a Messenger at Arms or by an Officer of the Court or Magistrate granting the Warrant, or by an Officer of the Place in which such Person may be for the Time; and such Citation shall be sufficient to enforce the Attendance of such Person as a Witness, in all respects, as if such Person had been resident within the Jurisdiction of the Magistrate by whom such Warrant shall have been granted; and further, that any Sentence or Decree for any pecuniary Penalty or Expences pronounced by any Court or Magistrate may be enforced against the Person or Effects of any Party against whom any such Sentence or Decree shall have been awarded in any other County as well as in the County where such Sentence or Decree is pronounced: Provided always, that such Sentence or Decree, or an Extract thereof, shall be first produced to and indorsed by a Court or Magistrate of such other County competent to have pronounced such Sentence or Decree in such other County. Conviction for

IX. And be it enacted, That where any Person who hath been a Crime not to or shall be convicted of any Crime (except Perjury or Subor-disqualify a nation of Perjury), and shall have endured the Punishment to

ltne*' which such Person shall have been sentenced for the same, such

Person shall not thereafter be deemed, by reason of such Conviction or Sentence, an incompetent Witness in any Court or Proceeding, Civil or Criminal.

Banishment X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent for any Judge or Magistrate to pronounce upon any Person whatsoever convicted of any Crime a Sentence banishing such Person forth of Scotland only, or forth of any Burgh or District or County of Scotland, save and except in those Cases where by any Act or Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland now in force the Punishment of Banishment forth of Scotland is enacted and specially provided for any specific Offence.

As to preparing

XI. And be it enacted, That in preparing the Return ordered Returns order- by this Act, and in making up Lists of Jurors in Terms of an Act edbythwArt passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King County LUt*11* George the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Qualification of Jurors under and the Manner of enrolling Juror* in Scotland, and of choosing 6G, 4. c. 22. Jurors on Criminal Trials there, and to unite Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland, the Sheriffs of Counties shall only employ such Persons to assist in

the Discharge of the Duty as shall be authorized by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland according to a Regulation to be established by that Court; and such Persons shall not receive any Remuneration for the said Duty other than such as may be fixed by a Table to be prepared and sanctioned by the Court of Exchequer for that Purpose, which Table the said Court is hereby required to cause to be prepared and to sanction accordingly.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 37.

261

XII. And be it enacted, That where, from the Extent of any Provision as to Burgh or Town situated at a Distance from the Head Burgh of a "here .Crimi* Shire, or from any other Cause, it shall be deemed expedient that ^held^n Trials of Persons accused of Crimes committed in such Burgh or tain Ciaes^" Town, or in Places adjacent thereto, should be there tried, instead

of being tried at the said Head Burgh, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, on the Application of His Majesty's Advocate, to give all such Directions m that Behalf as the said Court shall think fit; and the Sheriff of the County within which such Burgh or Town is situated shall give Obedience to all Directions so given.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act passed in Provisions of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in so far as it 9 ex-provides for rendering all inferior Judges and Magistrates more £n.ded t° m-safe in the Execution of their Duty, shall extend to all Acts done &"7n certain by any such Judge or Magistrate in apprehending any Party, or in regard to any Criminal Cause or Proceeding, or to any Prosecution for a pecuniary Penalty.

XIV. And whereas from the great Resort of Persons at the Western Extremity of the Caledonian Canal, and from the Want of local Magistrates in the Northern District of Argyllshire, the "yh°ld 4 Establishment of a Sheriff's Court for the Administration of gn^?warr*iit» 4 Justice within such District is required: And whereas there, ' n the Town of is no Place in which such Court can conveniently be held, Fort William.

excepting in the Town of Fort William, which Town is situated in the County of Inverness, but is in the immediate Vicinity of the said District of Argyleshire Be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Sheriff of the County of Argyle, and his Substitutes, and to all other Magistrates of the County of Argyle, to grant all Warrants, Civil and Criminal, and to hold all Courts for the Trial of all Causes, Civil and Criminal, and to pronounce Judgment therein, within the Town of Fort William, in the same Way and to the same Effect in all respects as if such Warrants were granted and Judgments pronounced within the County of Argyle.

Cases.

Sheriff of Argyleshire

XV. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff of every County in Sheriffs to make Scotland shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of January next Returns, after the passing of this Act, and on or before the Fifteenth Day of January of every succeeding Year, transmit to His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland a Return showing the Number of Persons committed to the several Gaols within the Jurisdiction of such Sheriff on Criminal Warrants of Detention till liberated in due Course of Law, in the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December immediately preceding; which Return shall show the Native of the Crimes and the Result of the Commitments according to the Form contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act, but subject to such Alterations and Additions as may from time to time be ordered and required, by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland is hereby required to prepare from these Returns, under the same Heads, a General Return for Scotland, distinguishing each County, and on or before the First Day of MarchIn each Year to cause the same to be transmitted to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be laid before Parliament.

SCHEDULE

C.S7.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

A.D. 1830.

SCHEDULE referred

A RETURN of the Number of Pirsons, distinguishing Males from Females, Warrants directing them to be detained till liberated in due Course of Law;

NATURE OF THE CRIME for which Penons

REMAINING

Untried

ding Year.

were

COMMITTED FOR TRIAL.

Murder

Culpable Homicide Robbery Rape -Wilful Fire-raising Forgery, and

UTTERING FORGED DoCU-

Number of

prase-

Year.

I i

6

Number of Persons JUbbratrd without Trial, and without finding Bail to stand Trial, including those whose Obligation to stand Trial has been allowed to ex. pixe.

Number of Persona Tried, End before what Court.

Number of Persona Convicted, Outlawed, or Acquitted.

o

St

u

Sheriff.

M. F. M. R M.IF. M. F.

Theft -. -Theft, by Houses re akin a

Assault

Other Offences on account of which Penons were committed for Trial, specifying the Nature thereof respectively:

Totals -

N.B. — When Persons are committed to a County or a Burgh Prison, and returned in the County where such Persons were confined previously to such from that specified in the Warrant of Commitment, they will be placed in the opposite to that for which they may have been committed. Persons whose pardoned, and the Grounds for every unconditional Pardon, so far as known,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 87. 26%

a in the foregoing Act.

Committed in the Year to the several Gaols in the County of under showing the Nature of the Crimes, and the Result of the Commitments.

afterwards removed to Edinburgh or to a Circuit Town for Trial, they will be Removal. In Cases where Persons have been convicted of a different Crime Columns opposite to the Offence of which they have been convicted, and not Sentences nave been commuted will be distinguished from those unconditionally will be mentioned in the Column of Observations.

S

264

C. 38.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

7 G. 4. c. 57.

Recited Act continued.

Certain Provisions in recited Acts to extend to all Persons petitioning.

Warrants of

Attorney executed by Prisoners under Acts for their Relief declared not to be within 3 G.4. C. 39.

Adjudication may be made conditional in certain Cases.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England* [16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Lam for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in

England; and it is expedient to continue the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions in the said Act contained, concerning the Removal of Assignees and the Appointment of new Assignees, and concerning Assignees' Accounts, and concerning the Amount of Debts, and Claims to receive Dividends, and the ascertaining thereof, and concerning all Matters to be done and observed, when it may appear to the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors in any Case that all Debts have been discharged, and concerning the Proof or Evidence of Conveyances and Assignments, and of all Proceedings had or being of Record in the said Court, shall be deemed to extend to the Cases of all Persons who petitioned under the several Acts recited in the said Act, as well as of Persons petitioniim under the said Act.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Warrants of

Attorney, executed by Insolvent Debtors before Adjudication

made in the Matters of their Petitions pursuant to the several ' Acts passed for their Relief, are to be deemed secret Warrants 1 of Attorney within the Meaning and Provisions of an Act passed

in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a), intituled An Act for preventing Frauds on Creditors by secret War-

rants of Attorney to confess JudgmentIt is hereby declared

and enacted, That such Warrants of Attorney, executed and to be executed as aforesaid, are not within the Meaning and Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act; and that the same have been, are, and shall be valid and effectual, any thing in the said last-mentioned Act, or in any Act extending the Provisions thereof, notwithstanding. {<*) See 1 W. 4. c. 71.

IV. And whereas it is for the Benefit of Prisoners petitioning the said Court, and especially of those whose Cases may be heard before a Commissioner, on Circuit, or before Justices of the Peace

at their Quarter Sessions in Wales or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, where it may appear in the Case of any such Prisoner, on the Hearing, that the Proof of Notice to Creditors is imperfect, or that any other Matter or Thing ought to be done by or on behalf of such Prisoner before he or she is actually discharged from Custody, that nevertheless Adjudication should be made conditional upon such Matter or Thing being performed, and that the Hearing of such Case should stand adjourned only on Failure therein: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Competency of proceeding in manner above mentioned It is hereby declared

C.S&.

265

and enacted, That where it shall appear to the said Court, Commissioner, or Justices, at the Hearing of the Matters of the Petition of any such Prisoner, that certain Matters or Tilings ought to be performed by or on behalf of such Prisoner, before he or she is entitled to be actually discharged from Custody, but that nevertheless it is expedient not to adjourn the Hearing of such Case absolutely to some future Occasion without the Opportunity of such Discharge being sooner had by doing such Things as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, Commissioner, or Justices, to pronounce Adjudication, without then issuing the Order and Warrant pursuant thereto, and that such Adjudication may be directed to be conditional on the Performance of such Matters or Things as aforesaid, and that on the Non-performance thereof the Hearing of such Case shall stand adjourned according to the Direction made in that Behalf; and that all Proceedings heretofore had in manner aforesaid, in the Matters of the Petitions of any Prisoners petitioning the said Court, under any Act or Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall be deemed good and valid to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And whereas it may often happen that some Interest in 1 Lands and Tenements may become vested in the Provisional

Assignee of the said Court, which appears to be of no Value to

Creditors, but nevertheless it may be reasonable and expedient

that the said Provisional Assignee should make or join in making ' some Conveyance or Assignment of the same, and that the same

should be done without the Expence attending Advertisements ' and Meetings of Creditors as prescribed by the said first-mentioned Act in certain Cases Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, at any Time after the Day gazetted for the Hearing of the Matters of the Petition of any Insolvent Debtor, if no Creditor shall have become Assignee of his or her Estate and Effects, and if it shall appear fit, upon such Notice given by Advertisement or otherwise to the Creditors or any of them as the said Court shall in any Case direct, to order the said Provisional Assignee to make or join in making any Conveyance or Assignment of any such Interest as to the said Court may appear just and reasonable, without observing the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act as to the Sale of Real Property by the Provisional or other Assignees of the Estates of Insolvent Debtors.

VI. And it is further declared and enacted, That all Assignments and Conveyances heretofore made or to be made by such Provisional Assignee in any such Cases, by Order of the said Court, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; any thing in the said first-mentioned Act or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to prescribe a Form of Conveyance and Assignment from the Provisional Assignee to ' any other Assignee or Assignees when appointed by the said ' Court, and also to remove any Doubts as to the Validity or Effect ' of any Conveyances or Assignments at any Time heretofore made ' and executed by the said Provisional Assignee by virtue of any ' Order of the said Court Be it therefore declared and enacted, That every Conveyance and Assignment hereafter to be made and executed by the Provisional Assignee for the Time being to any

other

Court may direct Conveyance by Provisional Assignee where no Assignee is appointed.

Assignments made by Provisional Assignee declared valid.

Assignments by Provisional Assignee to be in the Form annexed to this Act.

C. 38.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

In case of Illness of a Commissioner, another Person may be appointed to execute the Duties.

Act may be altered.

Prohibiting Persons from being discharged under ? G.2. c. 28.

other Assignee or Assignees, by virtue of any Order of the said Court, shall be in such Form as is to this Act annexed; and that every such Conveyance and Assignment, and also every Conveyance and Assignment at any Time heretofore made and executed by the Provisional Assignee for the Time being, in obedience to any Order of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall be deemed and taken to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever, and fully and effectually to vest and to have vested all and every Estate and Estates, Real and Personal, and all and every Right, Title, Interest, and Trust in and to the same, of what Nature or Kind soever, to which the Insolvent Debtor in each Case respectively shall or may be or shall or may have been entitled in any Manner or by any Means whatsoever, or which such Insolvent Debtor shall or may be or shall or may have been required by Law to convey and assign in Trust for his or her Creditors.

VIII. And whereas it may happen that the Chief or other Commissioner for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors may, by Illness or 1 other reasonable Cause, be for a Time disabled from performing his Duties, whereby the Business of the said Court would be ' delayed: And whereas if such Disability should occur to any such Commissioner proceeding on his Circuit, the Suitors of the said Court would be much prejudiced, unless some Person should

be authorized forthwith to undertake the Duties of the said Chief

or other Commissioner on his Circuit; Be it therefore further enacted, That if such Disability as aforesaid shall occur to such Chief or other Commissioner at any Time, not being the Time of his Circuit, it shall be lawful for any fit Person, being a Barrister at Law, and appointed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to execute the Duties of such Chief or other Commissioner during such Disability; and that if such Disability shall occur during the Time appointed for the Circuit of such Chief or other Commissioner, it shall be lawful for any fit Person, being a Barrister at Law, and nominated by such Chief or other Commissioner, to execute the Duties of such Chief or other Commissioner on such Circuit as aforesaid during such Disability; and that all Things done according to the Provisions of this Act and of the said Act hereby continued, by such Person so appointed or nominated as aforesaid, as the Case may be, during such Disability as aforesaid, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been done by such Chief or other Commissioner: Provided always, that such Chief or other Commissioner, if such Disability as aforesaid shall occur during the Time appointed for his Circuit, shall forthwith state the same, together with the Cause thereof, and such Nomination as aforesaid, in Writing, and shall subscribe such Statement, and shall send the same forthwith by His Majesty's Post to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part thereof may be altered, varied, ort-epealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act no Person shall be entitled to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, on his or her own Petition or Application, under or by virtue of the Statute passed in the Thirty-second Year of the

Reign

C. 38i

267

Reign of King George the Second, commonly called "The Lords Act," or of any other Statute since passed for extending or (ion-tinuing the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this Contfauanc* Act shall be and the same are hereby continued for Two Years, and of Act. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Conveyance and Assignment by the Provisional Assignee.

THIS Indenture made the Day of in

the Year of our Lord between Provisional

Assignee of the Estate and Effects of Insolvent Debtors in England, of the one Part, and of the other Part, Whereas by

Indenture bearing Date the Day of between

an Insolvent Debtor, then a Prisoner in the of the one Part, and the said such Provisional

Assignee as aforesaid, of the other Part, all the Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, and Trust of the said Insolvent Debtor in and to all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of the said Insolvent Debtor, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, except the Wearing Apparel and other such Necessaries of the said Insolvent Debtor and Family not exceeding in the whole the Value of Twenty Pounds, were, among other Things, conveyed and assigned to the said as such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid,

his Successors and Assigns: Now this Indenture witnesseth, that in obedience to an Order of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, he the said at the Request and with the

Consent of the said testified by sealing and

delivering these Presents, hath conveyed, assigned, transferred, and set over, and by these Presents doth convey, assign, transfer, and set over, unto the said his Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust of, in, and to all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever, present and future, which by virtue of the said hereinbefore in part recited Indenture now are in any way vested in the said as such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid,

together with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; to have and to hold, receive and take, all and every the said Estate, Effects, and Premises, and every Part thereof, conveyed, assigned, transferred, and set over, or mentioned or intended to be nereby conveyed, assigned, transferred, or set over, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, unto the said his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, according to the respective Natures, Properties, and Tenures thereof; in Trust nevertheless for the Use, Benefit, and Advantage of the Creditors of the said Insolvent Debtor who shall be entitled to share in a Dividend of the said Estate and Effects, and to and for such other Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner and Form, as are in and by the said Indenture expressed of and concerning the same, and to and for no other Use,

Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. In witness whereof the said

Parties

268

C. 38, S9.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Parties have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, the Day and - Year first above written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the said in the Presence of Signed, sealed, and delivered by the said in the Presence of

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty (a), for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies.

[16th July 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 G.4. c. 84. W of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain, it is amongst other

Things enacted, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and

with the Advice of His Privy Council, from time to time to appoint any Place or Places beyond the Seas, either within or without His Majesty's Dominions, to which Felons and other .< Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation or Banishment shall be conveyed; and that when any Offenders shall be about to be transported or banished from Great Britain, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall give Orders for their Removal to the Ship to be employed for their Transportation, and shall authorize and empower some Person to make a Contract for their effectual Transportation to some of the Places so appointed, and shall direct Security to be given for their effectual Transportation, in the Manner thereinafter mentioned; and it is thereby further enacted, that whenever the Transportation of any such Offender shall take place in any Ship belonging to His Majesty, it shall be lawful for One of the Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand, to nominate some Person or Persons who shall have the Custody of such Offender during the Voyage, and thereupon such Offender may be delivered to such Nominee or Nominees without any Contract or Security being required or given for the effectual Transportation of such Offender; and it is thereby further enacted, that so soon as any such Offender shall be delivered to the Governor of the Colony, or other Person or Persons to whom the Contractor or such Nominee or Nominees as aforesaid shall

be so directed to deliver him or her, the Property in the Service of such Offender shall be vested in the Governor of the Colony

for the Time being, or in such other Person or Persons as aforesaid: And whereas divers Felons and other Offenders have heretofore been transported from Great Britain to His Majesty's Colonies of South Wales and Van Diemens Land respectively, and in pursuance of the Directions of One of the Principal Secretaries of State have been delivered to the Governors of those respective Colonies, or other Persons in those Colonies to whom such

(a) See 1 W. 4*. c. 71.

respective

A.D. 1830.

lio GEO. IV.&l0 GUL. IV. C. 39.

269

respective Contractors or Nominees as aforesaid have been so ' directed to deliver them; but from divers unforeseen Causes it ' hath occurred that some of such Offenders have been landed and put on Shore and delivered at one of the before-mentioned Colonies, who ought, according to such Directions as aforesaid *

1 to have been landed and put on Shore and delivered at the other ' of the before-mentioned Colonies: And whereas under the Li-

cences of the Governors of the said respective Colonies divers ' Offenders who had been transported as aforesaid have from time

to time been removed from the one to the other of the said ' Colonies: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Offenders who have been so landed, put on Shore, and delivered or removed

as aforesaid, can, within the respective Colonies in which they ' are now respectively resident, be lawfully dealt with in such and the same Manner as if they were respectively resident within (the Colony to which they were originally sentenced or ordered

to be transported; Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Felons and other Offenders who have heretofore been transported from Great Britain to New South Wales or to Fan Diemens Land or to their respective Dependencies, and who, having been contracted or ordered to be landed and put on Shore and delivered in one of those Colonies, have in fact been landed and put on Shore and delivered at the other of those Colonies, and that all such Felons and other Offenders who, under the Licence or by the Order or with the Consent of the Governor or of the Officer administering the Government of either of the said Colonies, have been removed from the one to the other of such Colonies, shall within the Colony in which they are respectively now resident be subject and liable to all such and the same Laws, Rules, and Regulations as if they had been contracted or ordered on their original Transportation to be delivered to the Governor or the Officer administering the Government of such Colony, and shall within the Colony in which they are respectively now resident be dealt with, governed, and disposed of in all respects in such and the same Manner as other Convicts within the same Colony; and that the Property in the Service of all such Offenders shall be vested in the Governor or Officer administering the Government of the Colony in which they are actually resident, in the same Manner, and subject to all such and the same Rules and Conditions, as if they had been contracted or ordered on their original Transportation to be delivered to him.

11. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which a Ship conveying Felons or other Offenders from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Master of which has entered into a Contract or been ordered to deliver such Felons or other Offenders at the Colony or Place specified in such Contract or Order, shall* by Stress of Weather or other Circumstances, convey such Felons or other Offenders to any other Colony or Place to which such Offenders may legally be transported or banished, the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such other Colony or Place is hereby authorized, if he shall deem it expedient,

to

Felons ordered to be put on Shore in the one Colony, but put on Shore in the other, and those removed from one Colony to the other, subject to the same Rules as other Convicts in the same Colony.

Governor of the one Colony may receive Felons who are ordered to be delivered in the other Colony.

870

11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Governor of one Colony may remove Felons to the other Colony,

CMhrfc

moved Dram one Colony to another liable to Punishment for disorderly Conduct,

Convicts removed from one Colony to another to be subject to the Regulations of the Colony to which removed.

For prohibiting the Supply of Spirituous Liquors to

GS9.

to receive and retain such Felons or other Offenders in the said Colony or Place; and the said Felons or other Offenders shall be subject and liable to all such and the same Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as if they had been contracted or ordered on their original Transportation to be delivered to him.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or the Officer administering the Government of either of the said Colonies, with the Concurrence of the Governor or Officer administering the Government of the other of the said Colonies, by an Order in Writing under his Hand, to authorize the Removal of any such Convicts as aforesaid from the Colony under his Government to the other of the said Colonies, and for that Purpose to deliver any such Convicts into the Charge of the Master of any Ship or any other proper Person proceeding directly to the Colony to which such Removal is to be made, and to contract with such Master or other Person for the effectual Removal of such Convicts to such other Colony, and to take Security by Bond to His Majesty that he will effectually remove or cause to be removed every Convict included in such Contract to the Colony to which it is proposed so to remove him, and procure from the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such Colony a Certificate of the landing of such Convict there (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted), and that such Convict shall not be suffered to escape from the Vessel in which he or she shall be so removed by the wilful Default of such Contractor or of any Person employed by him.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Laws in force for the Punishment of Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct by any Offender on board of any Ship in which he or she may be transported from Great Britain, shall apply and extend and are hereby extended to every Convict who by virtue of any such Order as aforesaid shall be removed from either of the said Colonies to the other of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That so soon as any such Convict shall be delivered to the Governor or to the Officer administering the Government of the Colony to which he or she shall be so removed, such Convict shall within such Colony be subject and liable to all such and the same Laws, Rules, and Regulations as if he or she had been contracted or ordered on his or her original Transportation to be delivered to the Governor or the Officer administering the Government of such Colony, and shall be there dealt with, governed, and disposed of in all respects in such and the same Manner as other Convicts within the same Colony; and that the Property in the Service of every such Convict shall be vested in the Governor or Officer administering the Government of the Colony to which he or she may be so removed, in the same Manner, and subject to all such and the same Rules and Conditions, as if he or she had been contracted or ordered on his or her original Transportation to be delivered to such Governor or Officer as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in contravention of the existing Rules and Regulations for the Government of any Place of Confinement for Male Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation within England or Wales,

A.D. 1830. 11# GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.S9.

871

or in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of England, shall Offenders un-carry or bring, or attempt or endeavour to carry or bring, into der Sentence of any such Place of Confinement as aforesaid, or shall supply or JransPort*-cause to be supplied to any Offender there confined as an Of- on* fender, any spirituous or fermented Liquors, it shall be lawful for any Overseer or other Officer belonging to such Place of Confinement to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such Person, and to carry such Person before a Justice of the Peace (who is hereby empowered to hear and determine such Offence in a summary Way), and if he shall lawfully convict such Person of such Offence, he shall forthwith commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Place where the same shall be heard and determined, there to be kept in Custody for any Time not exceeding Three Months, without Bail or Mainprize, unless such Person shall immediately pay down such Sum of Money, not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, as the said Justice shall impose upon such Person, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid and made applicable to the Maintenance of the Place employed for the Confinement of Offenders under Sentence of Transportation as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com* Manner of pro-mencement of this Act, when any Person shall be convicted at ceeding in any Session of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any of Ex-Quarter or other General Session of the Peace, to be holden for ^ercytoOr any County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty, or Place fender* con- within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great victed of Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within Capital Of-the Principality of Wales, of any Crime punishable by Death, if fenoe# *

His Majesty shall be pleased to extend Mercy to anj such Offender upon Condition of Imprisonment, or upon Condition of Imprisonment with hard Labour, and such Intention of Mercy shall he signified by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Court before whom such Offender hath been or shall be convicted, or any subsequent Court, with the like Authority, such Court shall allow to such Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, and make an Order for the Imprisonment of such Offender with or without hard Labour, as the Case may be; and in case such Intention of Mercy shall be so signified to the Judge or Justice before whom such Offender hath been or shall be convicted, or to any Judge of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to any Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, in England, such Judge, Justice, or Baron shall allow to such Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, and make an Order for such Imprisonment of such Offender, in the same Manner as if such Intention of Mercy had been signified to the Court during the Term or Session in or at which such Offender was convicted, and such Allowance and Order shall be considered as an Allowance and Order made by the Court before which such Offender was convicted, and shall be entered on the Records of the same Court by the proper Officer thereof, and shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and have the same Consequences, as if such Allowance and Order had been made by the same Court

during

272

C. 39, 40.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Power to appoint an Assistant or Deputy to the Superintendent at Places of Confinement out of England.

After 1st Sept. 1830, Executors deemed to be Trustees for Persons entitled to any Residue under the Statute of Distributions, unless otherwise directed by

Will.

during the Continuance thereof; and every such Order shall subject the Offender to be so imprisoned.

VIII. And whereas by the aforesaid Act of the Fifth Year of ' His Majesty's ^) Reign Power is given to His Majesty to appoint

a Superintendent of Places of Confinement within England and

Wales, and Power also to appoint One fit and able Person to be ' Assistant or Deputy of such Superintendent, at One or more of

the same Places of Confinement; and by the said Act power is ' also given to remove Male Offenders convicted in Great Britain,

and being under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and to ' confine such Offenders at Land or on board any Vessel to be 1 provided by His Majesty within the Limits of any Port or Har-

bour in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of England

named in any Order in Council, under the Management of the i ' said Superintendent, and of an Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty for each such Vessel or other Place of Confinement;

And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to His Majesty to appoint an Assistant or Deputy to the said Superintendent, in any such Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of England; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in case it shall be deemed expedient, to appoint a fit and able Person to be Assistant or Deputy to such Superintendent, at any such Place of Confinement out of England named in any Order in Council as aforesaid, to be constantly resident at or near the Place to which he shall be appointed.

(a) See 1 W. 4. c. 71.

CAP. XL.

An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators.

[16th My 1830.]

WHEREAS Testators by their Wills frequently appoint Executors, without making any. express Disposition of the Residue of their Personal Estate: And whereas Executors 1 so appointed become by Law entitled to the whole Residue of such Personal Estate; and Courts of Equity have so far followed ' the Law as to hold such Executors to be entitled to retain such Residue for their own Use, unless it appears to have been their c Testator's Intention to exclude them from the beneficial Interest therein, in which Case they are held to be Trustees for the Person or Persons (if any) who would be entitled to such Estate under the Statute of Distributions, if the Testator has died Intestate:

And whereas it is desirable that the Law should be extended in that respect; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Person shall die, after the First Day of September next after the passing of this Act, having by his or her Will, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, appointed any Person or Persons to be his or her Executor or Executors, such Executor or Executors shall be deemed

by

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 4*0)'41.

273

by Coarts of Equity to be a Trustee or Trustees for the Person or Persons (if any) who would bd entitled to the Estate under the Statute of Distributions, in respect of any Residue not expressly disposed of, unless it shall appear by the Will, or any Codicil thereto, the Person or Persons so appointed Executor or Executors was or were intended to take such Residue beneficially.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect or prejudice any Right to which any Executor, if this Act had not been passed, would have been entitled, in Cases where there is not any Person who would be entitled to the Testator's Estate under the Statute of Distributions, in respect of any Residue not expressly disposed of.

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to that Part of the United Kingdom ealled Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relates to the retired Allowances of Quartermasters of Cavalry and Infantry: And whereas another Act was passed in the enth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy: And whereas it is expedient to make further Regulations with respect to Pensions; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham, as enacts that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Hospital at Chelsea ta give to any Soldier, not being a Native of the United Kingdom, who may have been or may be discharged, and may be entitled to any Out-Pension or Allowance from the said Hospital at Chelsea, by reason of Service or having become invalid or disabled, and shall be desirous* of living out of England, and who may be recommended for that Purpose by any Order of His Majesty, to be signified to the said Commissioners by His Majesty's Secretary at War, such Sum of Money in gross, in liea of such Annual*Pension or Allowance, as may be directed by the Secretary at War, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in that Behalf, any thing contained in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and also so much of the said Act as enacts that it II Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. T shall

Not to affect Rights of Executors where no Person entitled to the Residue.

Not to extend to Scotland.

7G.4. c. 16.

7 G.4. c. 3I.

10 G. 4. c. 26.

Certain Parts of the Act of 7 G. 4. c. 16. repealed.

274.

C. 41

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

10 G. 4. c. 26.

7 G. 4. c. SI.

Power to commute the an. nual Pension of Person* desirous of living out of Great Britain and Ireland.

How Commutation Money to be paid.

All Claim for annual Pen- — *o ccaae

shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Hospital at Chelsea, upon all Applications to be hereafter made to them by any Person or Persons claiming on account of their Services in His Majesty's Army, to give Pensions to such Person or Persons, in their Discretion, according to their Length of Service, allowing in the Apportionment of such Pensions all such Time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his entering into His Majesty's Army) either as a Petty Officer, Seaman^ or Landman in His Majesty's fleet, or as a Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine; and also so much of the said Act as enacts that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Hospital at Chelsea to authorize the Agent for Pensions, or other proper Officer, to pay to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or of the said proper Officer, to be the next of Kin or legal Representative or otherwise legally entitled to any Pension Money due to any deceased Pensioner, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Person shall not have taken out Letters of Administration or have procured Probate of any Will of such deceased Pensioner or Officer; and also so much of the said Act, intituled An Act for transferring the Management o/*Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy, as declares that it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, in his and their Discretion, upon Applications to be hereafter made to him or them by any Person or Persons claiming Pensions on account of the Services of such Person or Persons m His Majesty's Navy, to allow in the Apportionment of such Pension so much of the Time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his or their entering into His Majesty's Navy) either as a Noncommissioned Officer or Private in His Majesty's Army; and also the whole of the said Act, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relates to the retired Allowances of Quartermasters of Cavalry and Infantry, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Lords and others, Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea in the County of Middlesex, may and shall give to any' Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier entitled to Out-Pension from the said Royal Hospital, who shall be desirous of living out of Great Britain and Ireland, and who shall be recommended for that Purpose by any Order of His Majesty, signified to the said Commissioners by the Secretary at War, a Sum of Money not exceeding in Amount Four Years Pension, as a Commutation or Equivalent in gross for all annual Pension to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier might otherwise be entitled; and the Money so to be paid as an Equivalent or Commutation for Pension shall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable to the Payment of Pensions under the Management of the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital; and the Receipt of the Person receiving such Commutation or Equivalent, or other Proof of his having accepted an Equivalent or Commutation in gross in lieu of

C. 41.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

275

such annual Pension, shall be a full Discharge for the Sum so after Commu-paid, and shall be a Release and Abandonment of all Claims to nation, any future or other Payment of Pension whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this In granting Act it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commis- Pensions to sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Seame" <or Sol-Time being, in his or their Discretion, with respect to the grant- J^j^arine* ing of Naval Pensions, to allow to any Non-commissioned Officer may in certaja or Soldier who shall have entered into the Royal Marines his Cases be aU previous Service as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier in His lowed to Majesty's Army, in reckoning his Claim for Naval Pension, and reckon* also to allow to any Non-commissioned Officer, Petty Officer, or Seaman of His Majesty's Navy his previous Service as a Marine, in reckoning his Claim for Pension; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, in their Discretion, with respect to the granting of Army Pensions, to allow to any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Army his previous Service as a Marine in reckoning his Claim for Pension; provided that such previous Service, and the Cause of Discharge from such Service, shall be declared and verified and recorded at the Time the said Persons shall respectively enter into His Majesty's Army or Navy or Marines.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Persons con-Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, with the Consent of the Se- victed of Fe-cretary at War, in all Cases in which it may be deemed expedient, lony to restore any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall p^ion.*0 have been convicted of Felony, and thereby forfeited his Pension,

either to his original Pension or to any less Rate of Pension.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sums not ex-said Commissioners of the said Hospital at Chelsea, with respect ceedin8 50/.

to Pension or Prize Money, and for the Secretary at War of Letters

his own proper Authority, with respect to Pay, to authorize the of Adminiitra-Agent for Pensions, or other proper Officer charged with the tion.

Payment thereof, to pay to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, with respect to Pension and Prize Money, or of the Secretary at War, with respect to Pay, to be the next of Kin or legal Representative or otherwise legally entitled to any Pension or Prize Money or Pay due to any deceased Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or Pensioner, such Pension, Prize Money, or Pay, provided the same does not exceed Fifty Pounds, although the Person so entitled shall not have taken out Letters of Administration, or have procured Probate of any Will, of such deceased Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Soldier, or Pensioner.

VI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall Repeal of the revive or give Force or Effect to any Act or Parts of any Act 7 G* 4* c\31-which was or were repealed by the said herein-before last-recited not tot£cv, V L and hereby repealed Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty. any 0 er c

276

, C. 42.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

A.D. 183d

Repeal of the following Acta; viz.

25 G.3. c. 31. 47 G.3. c. 56.

48 G. 3. c. 8.

57 G.3. c. 119.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 74.

Manner of proceeding when the Treasurer of the Navy requires Money for the Services of the Navy and Victualling Departments.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS it is become expedient to revise, amend, and reduce into One Act the Laws relating to the Office of x Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty, an Act passed in the Twenty^ fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; and also an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the further regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; and also an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty'fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy; and also an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, as far as respects the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department; and also an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy, under the Heads of Old Stores, and Imprests, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always nevertheless, that all Acts, Matters, and Things done previously to the Commencement of this Act, in pursuance of any of the said Acts hereby repealed, shall be good, valid, and effectual; and all Offences committed before the passing of this Act, against the Provisions of the said Acts so repealed, shall be cognizable and punishable under the same, as if they had not been repealed; and provided also, that the Repeal of the said Acts shall not extend to revive the Provisions of any Acts, which were altered or repealed by any of the said Acts so hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December, the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for the Services of the Navy and Victualling Departments, which Money is to be solicited by the Navy Board, shall pray that the requisite Amount may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, and shall transmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Letter or Letters of the Commissioners of the Navy requiring him to apply for the same; and in such Letters the said Commissioners shall

and

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 42.

* 77

and they are hereby required to specify the Amount of the Balances then remaining in the Hands of the said Treasurer on account of the respective Services; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by their Letter from time to time, shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, naming such Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shaty be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Treasurer, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which Letters of the Commissioners of the Treasury shall be drawn shall be issued to the said Governor and Company in like Manner as heretofore, and shall be placed on Accounts to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, which shall be entitled respectively a The Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy," (specifying the Name of such Treasurer for the Time being,) for Navy Services and for Victualling Services; and on the Receipt of all such Monies from the Exchequer, the Treasurer of the Navy shall immediately certify to the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Information of the respective Departments, an Account of the particular Sums received on account of and applicable to each respective Service; and no Monies shall be issuea from the Exchequer to the Treasurer of the Navy in any other Manner than through the said Governor and Company as herein provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, by himself or the Person or Persons duly authorized by him, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for all Navy and Victualling Services whatever, and shall specify or distinguish in each Draft on account of which Service the same is drawn; and no Draft of the said Treasurer, or of any Person authorized by him, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company unless the same shall so distinguish the Service on account of which k is so drawn, and shall have been actually paid by the said Governor and Company; nor shall any Monies standing in the Name of the Treasurer of the Navy in the Bank of England be paid out

-of the same, except upon or in pursuance of Drafts on account of Navy or Victualling Services to be drawn in manner aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That neither the Treasurer of the Navy, nor any Person authorized by him as aforesaid, shall draw upon the said Governor and Company for any Monies, unless the same shall be intended for immediate Application to Navy or Victualling Services; and if any Monies so drawn for shall not be immediately so applied, it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Person acting under his Authority, to place or deposit the same or any Part thereof in the Hands of any other whomsoever except the Person or Persons who shall be usually and according to the Course of the Navy Pay Office actually employed in the Payment of such Money to the Persons legally entitled to demand and receive the S8me; and any Treasurer of the Navy or other Person or Persons offending against this Enactment shall, on being thereof

Treasurer of the Navy to draw on the Bank, and specify the Service for which the same is drawn.

Treasurer not to draw for more than is immediately wanted; nor to deposit any Money in the Hands of any' other than the usual Person.

278

C. 42.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

On the Death or Removal of Treasurer, the Balance to vest in his Successor.

Treasurer to make up annual Accounts of Navy and Victualling Services.

All Payments made in the Course of the Year to be inserted in the annual Accounts.

convicted in due Course of Law, be rendered incapable of thereafter holding any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, the Balance of Cash for which such Treasurer shall then have Credit on his Accounts with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, as soon as conveniently may be, and at furthest within Thirty Days after the Appointment of his Successor, actually vest in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Navy and Victualling Departments respectively, and be forthwith transferred and placed to the Accounts of such Successor, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be applied to such Services in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid; and on every such Occasion the Accounts of the several Pay Clerks at the Out-ports shall at the same Time be made up, and the Balances in Cash in their Hands shall be earned to the Account of such Successor, and an Account thereof shall be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling so far as respects each Service; and the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall and he is hereby required to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid for all Charges and Demands on account of the Navy and Victualling Services which shall remain unsatisfied, although the same may have accrued in the Time of any former Treasurer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Navy shall make up or cause to be made up an annual Account of the Navy and Victualling Services, entitled " The Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy," to be signed and attested by every Treasurer who shall have paid or discharged any Part of the said Account, every such Account to begin oh the First Day of January and to end on the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year and after such Account shall have been examined in the Offices of the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling, and signed by such Commissioners so far as shall relate to each Service, the same shall be transmitted by the Commissioners of the Navy to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, who are hereby required within Three Months after the Receipt thereof, to cause the same to be examined, and, if found satisfactory, to cause the same to be presented to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration; and when the same shall be declared, a Discharge or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, and to their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in each such annual Account shall be inserted all Payments which shall have been made by any such Treasurer in the Course of that Year and that all Bills, Warrants, and Orders, which shall have been drawn or made by the said Commissioners for Navy or Victualling Services, shall be sufficient Vouchers to discharge the said Treasurer of any Sums paid by him upon any such Instruments; and that when Credit shall be taken by the said Treasurer in any such annual Account for any Payments made in pursuance of Imprest Bills, or on Account, no further Bills shall in any subsequent

Period

/ C. 42.

Period be drawn upon the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being for the Purpose of clearing the said Imprests, but the Persons to whom the Payments shall have been so made shall be made accountable for the same, and the Treasurer of the Navy shall be no longer chargeable or accountable in respect thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being shall keep an Account with the fiank of all Monies issued to or directed to be paid to him for Navy and Victualling Services; and the said Treasurer, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for Navy and Victualling Services.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to prevent the Treasurer of the Navy from issuing, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to the Pay Clerks of the said Treasurer at the several Out-ports, such Suras as may be considered necessary by the Navy Board for making Payment of Wages, and of the Establishments of the Dock Yards, and for other Naval Services; and the Pay Clerk at each Port is hereby required to make up, at the End of every Month, an Account of all his Receipts and Payments during that Month at least, which Account shall from henceforth be signed by such Pay Clerk, and by One or more, as shall be deemed requisite, of the Clerks of the Commissioners of the Navy at each Port; and the same, together with the Balance of Public Monies remaining in such Pay Clerk's Hands, shall also be certified by the resident Commissioner of the Navy, and then shall be transmitted by such Pay Clerk, within Seven Days after the Expiration of each Month, to the Treasurer of the Navy, and a Duplicate thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy; and the resident Commissioner at each Out-port shall also transmit to the Navy Board, at the End of every Weer, an Account of the Payments made at such Port by the Treasurers Clerk during that Week.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, and his Cashiers oi other Persons authorized or deputed by him, to receive all Sams of Money that shall or may be tendered to them on accoun: of Navy and Victualling Services, save and except such Sums as shall be issued from the Exchequer as aforesaid, or be paid by other Public Departments, not being Naval Departments; acd all such Monies so to be received shall be and the same are hereby required to be paid into the Bank of England, on Two or more Days in each Week to be appointed for that Pumose, and the same when so paid in shall be placed by the Cashiers of the Bank to the Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for Navy Services or for Victualling Services, as

the Case may be, and shall be subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions as Monies issued from the Exchequer are hereby subject.

XI. *, And whereas it may frequently happen in Cases of the ' Sales of old Stores, that the Monies arising therefrom may be ' warned at the Navy and Victualling Yards, or Places where

Treasurer to keep an Account with the Bank.

Not to prevent the Treasurer from issuing Money to Pay Clerks at the Out-ports.

Pay Clerks Accounts.

Treasurer, &c. authorised to receive all Monies tendered on account of Navy and Victualling Services; and to pay the same into the Bank.

Navy and Victualling

Commissioners may empower

280

C. 42, 43.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Clerks at the Yards to receive Monies for old Stores.

Commissioners of Navy resident at Dock Yards to take Account annually of Monies in the Hands of Treasurer's Clerk, and certify the same to the Board in London.

such Sales are made, towards carrying on the Services of the

respective Departments there; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawftil for the Commissioners of Navy and Victualling respectively to cause any Sums of Money arising from the Proceeds of Sales of old Stores, or from any other Public Source or Service, either to be paid over to the Treasurer of the Navy on account of the respective Departments, or to the Clerk of the said Treasurer resident at the Yard or Place where the Sale shall be made, or, if there shall be no such Clerk, to such Officer or Person as the said Treasurer shall authorize to receive the same, to be by such Clerk, Officer, or Person accounted for and applied for the Public Service in such Manner and under and subject to such Regulations and Directions as shall be from time to time notified to him by the said Treasurer for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on the First Day of Ja+ nuary (or, that Day being Sunday, on the following Day) in every Year, the Commissioner of His Majesty's Navy resident at each of the Dock Yards or Out-ports at which there is a Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy, shall and he is herety required to inspect and take an Account of the Public Monies which shall remain in the Hands or Charge of such Clerk at the Close of the preceding Year and shall certify the Amount thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy in London; and One of the Commissioners of the Navy and One of the Commissioners of the Victualling in London shall also and is hereby required, at the like Period, to inspect and take an Account of the Tublic Monies which have been issued to and shall actually remain chargeable to the several Cashiers in the Navy Pay Office for Nfevy and Victualling Services respectively, and shall certify Ue Amount thereof to the Commissioners of Navy and Victualling as far as respects each Service, in order to ascertain the Correctness of the said Balances, by comparing them with the Certificates or monthly Accounts for the current Month of January made up at the Navy Pay Office and transmitted to the Navy and Victualling Departments for Examination; and the said Commissioners of Navy and Victualling shall, within Three Months fron the Commencement of each Year, make out and transmit Cetificates of the Amount of the said Balances to the Auditors of Public Accounts, that it may be seen whether the same, together with the Balance in the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank, shall correspond with the whole Balance charged U (he said Treasurer at the Close of the Account of the preceding Year.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to abolish certain Fees and Stamp Duties charge&Ue on the Renewal of all Appointments, Commissions, Grants, Pensions, and Patents consequent on the Demise of the Crown.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Persons who did at the Demise of His late Majesty, or shall at the Demis? ' of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve), or of any

C. 43.

281

of his Successors, possess or enjoy any Office, Employment, Pension, Rank, or Precedence granted during the Pleasure of

the Crown, and who has been or shall be continued in the Possession or Enjoyment thereof, should be exempted, as here- inafter provided, from the Payment of Fees and Stamp Duties in respect of the Re-appointment to any such Office, or the (Re-grant of any such Pension, Rank, or Precedence; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who at the Demise of His late Majesty, or of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve), or of any of His Successors, has possessed or enjoyed, or shall possess or enjoy, any Office, Employment, Pension, Rank, or Precedence granted, during the Pleasure of the Crown, by any Letters Patent, Commission, Warrant, or other Instrument, and shall be continued in the Enjoyment of and be re-appointed to such Office or Employment, or obtain a fee-grant of such Pension, Rank, or Precedence, shall be exempted, except as hereinafter provided, from paying to His Majesty, or to any of His Majesty's Successors, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, any Fee or Stamp Duty in respect of such Reappointment or Re* grant.

II. And whereas it is just and reasonable that the Persons whose Right and Duty it is or may be, by virtue of their respective Offices, to prepare, make out, settle, and attend to the passing of the usual Commissions, Letters Patent, Warrants, or other Instruments upon such Re-appointment and 4 Re-grants as aforesaid, should receive a proper and adequate Remuneration for the Performance of such Duty; Be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall in all such Cases fix and determine the Amount of such Remuneration; and that such Remuneration shall be paid by the Persons who would have been chargeable (if this Act had not passed) with the Fees payable upon such Re-appointment or Re-grants as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive any Person, who at the Time of passing this Act shall or may be entitled to any Estate of Freehold in his Office, of any Fees or Emoluments to which he would have been by Law entitled if this Act had not passed; but that every such Person shall be entitled to claim and shall receive such Fees and Emoluments, and no other, upon every such Re-appointment and Re-grant, as if this Act had not passed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Commissions heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted for the taking of Affidavits to be made use of and read in any Court, or for the taking Recognizances of Bail, shall, notwithstanding any Demise of the Crown, remain and continue in force during the Pleasure of any Successor of the Sovereign by whom the same Commissions may have been or may hereafter be granted, until the same shall be revoked or otherwise avoided.

Persona in Possession of Office at the Demise of the Crown, and re-appointed thereto, exempted from Fees or Stamp Duties in respect thereof.

The Treasury to determine the Remuneration to be made for preparing Commissions, &c.

Saving of Rights.

Commissions for taking Affidavits or Recognisances of Bail to continue in force.

C. 44

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

No Ordnance, Arms, Gunpowder, &c. shall be imported into Ireland without Licence from the Lord Lieutenant *

Persons may land Arms for personal Defence, on registering the same.

Arms, &c. imported without Licence, to be forfeited, as

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to regulate, for One Year, the Importation of Arms,

Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland^ and the making,

removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and

Ammunition in Ireland.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made

W for the further and more effectual Attainment of the Purposes of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for regulating the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland, which will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person to import or bring into Ireland any Cannon, Mortar, Ordnance, Blunderbuss, Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Lock, Stock, Barrel, or other Part of any Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Sword, Sword .Blade, Bayonet, Pike, Pike Head, Spear, Spear Head, Weapon of War, or any Part of any such Weapon or any Instrument serving the Purposes of any such Weapon, or any Cannon Balls, Musket Balls, or Pistol Balls, or any Gunpowder, Brimstone, Saltpetre, or other Material or Ingredient used in the making of Gunpowder, or any Military Accoutrements, without having first obtained a Licence for that Purpose, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, of his Under Secretary, for the Time being, which Licence shall specify the Number and particular Kind of Arms, Ordnance, Guns, Pistols, or other Arms, or of Locks, Stocks, Barrels, or other Parts thereof, or Balls, Swords, Sword Blades, Bayonets, Pikes, Spears, Spear Heads, Weapons of War, or Parts of any such Weapons or Instruments serving the Purposes of such Weapons, or Accoutrements, and the Quantity of Gunpowder, Brimstone, Saltpetre, or other Material for making Gunpowder, thereby licensed to be imported or brought.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Subject of His Majesty coming into Ireland to land such Arms as such Subject shall have actually carried for personal Defence, and as are usually carried for that Purpose, and no other, upon registering such Arms, and the Name and usual Place of Abode of such Person, with the chief Officer of the Port where such Person shall land, and obtaining from such Officer a Licence for landing the same, which Licence shall be granted without any Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, import or bring any Cannon, Mortar, Ordnance, Gun, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Stock, Lock, Barrel, or other Part of any Guo, Pistol, Blunderbuss,

C. 44<

283

derbuss, or other Arms, or any Balls, Sword, Sword Blade, Bayonet, Pike, Pike Head, Spear, Spear Head, Weapon of.War, or Instrument serving the Purposes of any such Weapon, or any Accoutrements, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, Brimstone or Saltpetre, or other Material for making Gunpowder, without such Licence for the Importation thereof as aforesaid, or if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found in any Port, Harbour, or Creek in Ireland, having on board any such Article for the Importation or bringing of which such Licence shall not have been obtained, all such Articles, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with all her Furniture and Apparel, shall be forfeited to His Majesty, and shall and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or Peace Officer, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Excise or Customs; and all such Articles not licensed to be imported as aforesaid shall, when so seized, be deposited in such Place or Places as shall be appointed for the Purpose by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and every Importer or Bringer thereof, whether Owner thereof or not, shall for every such Importation or bringing forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the Master or Person commanding the Ship or other Vessel in which any such unlicensed Article shall be imported or brought or shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person so offending may be arrested under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, and committed by such Justice to the Common Gaol of the County or Place in which such Offence shall be committed, there to remain until such Offender enter into a Recognizance before such or some other Justice, with Two Sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, conditioned to abide such Order or Judgment as may by Law be made or given against such Offender in respect of such Offence, or until such Offender shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person shall make or manufacture any Gunpowder in Ireland, nor shall keep any Gunpowder, or any Cannon or other Ordnance, unless such Person shall obtain a Licence for such Purposes respectively under the Hand of the lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, of the Under Secretary, for the Time being; and every such Licence shall be in force for One Year from the granting thereof, and no longer; and the Place where such Gunpowder is to be made or manufactured, and every Store or Place belonging to such Manufacturer or other Person in which any Gunpowder, Cannon, or other Ordnance is to be kept, shall be set forth and described in such Licence, together with the Name of the Person superintending the Work at the Mills of any such Maker or Manufacturer of Gunpowder; and if such Maker or Manufacturer of Gunpowder shall have any Office or Place of Delivery separate from such Mills, the Name of the Person to whom the Gunpowder shall be consigned at such Office, and the Place where such Office is situated, shall also be set forth and described in such Licence; and if any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, make or manufacture any Gunpowder in Ireland without having obtained such Licence as is required by this Act for that Purpose,

also the importing Vessels.

Penalty on Importer 100J., and on Master of Vessel, 50L

Offenders may be arrested, and bound before Justice of Peace with Sureties.

No Person shall manufacture Gunpowder, or keep Gunpowder, Cannon, or Ordnance, without a Licence.

Penalty, 501. and Forfeiture of Gunpowder, &c.

284

C. 44.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Ifo Person not licensed as a Manufacturer, shall sell Gunpowder without a Licence.

Penalty 501. and Forfeiture of Gunpowder, &c.

Licences shalt not be granted to any Persons not licensed under S G.4. c. 4. without a Certificate of Justices at Quarter Sessions,

Licence may be rt fused, although such Certificate be granted.

pose, or if any Person not duly authorized to manufacture or to keep or to sell or deal in Gunpowder shall keep in his or their Custody any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than Two Pounds Weight, or if any Person not licensed to keep Cannon or other Ordnance shall keep any such Cannon or Ordnance in his or her Custody, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all Gunpowder, and all Materials for making the same, and all Cannon or other Ordnance, found in the Possession of or in any House or other Place belonging to «uch Offender, shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to seize, or by Warrant to cause to be seized, any Gunpowder (exceeding the Quantity of Two Pounds Weight), or any Cannon or Ordnance, in the Custody or Possession of any Person in Ireland, unless a Licence for manufacturing or keeping or dealing in or selling the same respectively9 duly granted and in force, shall, upon Demand, be produced by the Person in whose Custody or Possession such Gunpowder, Cannon, or Ordnance shall be and shall be so seized.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Person, not being duly licensed to manufacture Gunpowder as aforesaid, shall deal in or sell Gunpowder, by Retail or otherwise, in Ireland, unless he shall have obtained a Licence for that Purpose, under the Direction of this Act, from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, the Under Secretary, for the Time being; and such Licence shall be in force for One Year from the granting thereof, and no longer; and any Person who shall deal in or sell Gunpowder, by Retail or otherwise, without having obtained such Licence as is required by this Act, shall forfeit for every Time such Person shall sell any Gunpowder the Sum of Fifty Pounds i and all Gunpowder, and every Cask or Vessel in which the same shall be contained, found in the Possession of such Person, shall be forfeited and seized by any Justice of the Peace, or any Person authorized thereto by Warrant from any such Justice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence to deal in or sell Gunpowder required by this Act shall be granted to any Person not having been licensed under the said Act of the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall produce a Certificate under the Hands of Two Justices of the Peace assembled at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or County of the City or County of a Town in which the Person requiring such Licence shall reside, or at some Adjournment of such Quarter Sessions, or under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace at such Sessions or Adjournment, in pursuance of an Order made at such Sessions or Adjournment, setting forth that the Person applying for such Licence is a proper Person to be licensed to deal in and sell Gunpowder: Provided always, that notwithstanding such Certificate or any other Matter, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or such Chief or Under Secretary, to refuse such Licence, if he or they respectively shall think proper so to do.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C.i4,

28 a

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, for his Under Secretary, for the Time being, by an Order in Writing under his Hand, from time to time, whenever and so often as shall seem expedient, and for such Period of Time as shall be expressed in such Order, to recall, annul, suspend, or prohibit the acting under the Authority of any Licence to deal in and sell Gunpowder granted under this Act or under any Act heretofore in force in that Behalf; and the Party to whom such Order shall relate shall be served with Notice of the same by the Delivery of a Copy thereof to such Party in Person, or by a Copy thereof being left at the Shop or Warehouse of such Party, and the said Order being shown to some Person above the Age of Twelve Years of or belonging to such Party; and such Service shall, by the Person making the same, be verified by Affidavit of such Person in Writing before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate having Jurisdiction where the Party so served shall reside; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer an Oath for the Purpose of taking the said Affidavit; and such Affidavit, when sworn, shall be transmitted to the Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, to the Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, together with the original Order, the Copy of which shall be so delivered or left; and any Person so licensed and served with such Order who shall, at any Time whilst such Order shall be in force, deal in or sell Gunpowder, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and all Gunpowder in the Possession of such Person; and such Gunpowder 60 forfeited shall and may be seized to the Use of His Majesty by or under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, or by any* Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Maker of or Dealer in Gunpowder shall sell or dispose of any Quantity of Gunpowder to any Person licensed to deal in or sell or to keep Gunpowder, the Person so selling or disposing of Gunpowder, or his or her known Clerk or Manager, shall indorse on the Licence of the Person to whom the same shall be sold or disposed of the Quantity sold or disposed of, and the Time when, and shall sign his Name thereto, or shall for every Neglect therein forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person shall sell or deliver any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than Two Pounds Weight to any Person not producing a Licence duly granted for the dealing in or selling Gunpowder, or for the keeping of a greater Quantity of Gunpowder than Two Pounds Weight, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, for his Under Secretary, upon the Production of any Licence for dealing in and selling Gunpowder so indorsed, to grant a Licence for removing and conveying the Quantity of Gunpowder mentioned in such

Indorsement

Licences may be suspended on Notice from Chief Secretary.

Selling Gunpowder during Suspension of Licence.

Quantity of Gunpowder sold to be indorsed Oil Buyer's Licence.

Penalty* on selling more than 2 lbs. to unlicensed Person, 20J.

Licence for removing Gunpowder sold.

Selling more than 2 lbs. within Two Months to an unlicensed Person.

Arms, &c. removed without Licence may be seised.

Proviso for Arms for personal Defence, &c.

No Gunpowder to be kept by Persons not authorised to carry Arms.

Arms in Dublin and Cork may be sent out without Licence.

Dealers shall give notice of receiving Gunpowder to Magistrate.

C. 44. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Indorsement from the Person so selling the same to the Person so licensed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall within any Period of Two Calendar Months sell or deliver to any one and the same Person, not duly licensed to deal in or sell or to keep Gunpowder, a greater Quantity thereof than Two Pounds Weight, every Person so offending shall for each such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to remove or cause to be removed from any Part of Ireland, either by inland Carriage or Coastways, any Cannon, Mortar, Ordnance, Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Lock, Stock, Barrel, or other Part of any Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Balls or Bullets, or any Gunpowder exceeding the Weight of Two Pounds, or any Brimstone or Saltpetre, without a Licence for removing and conveying the same granted by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, by Tiis Under Secretary; and it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Peace Officer, or any Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, upon Information on Oath^ to search for and seize all such Cannon, Mortar, Ordnance, Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, Locks, Stocks, Barrels, or other Parts of Arras, Balls, Bullets, Gunpowder, or other Articles herein-before mentioned, which shall be in progress of Removal or shall be removed without such Licence, or without producing such Licence on Demand of any Justice of the Peace or of any Officer of Excise or Customs, and the same shall be forfeited to His Majesty, together with the Cart, Car, or other Vehicle on which the same shall be put for Conveyance, and every Horse or other Beast employed for drawing or carrying the same, and the Ship, Boat, or other Vessel conveying the same; and every Person who caused the same to be removed shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from carrying Arms for the Defence of his Person or for sporting, as by Law he might before the passing of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, not by Law authorized to keep and carry Arms, to keep any Quantity of Gunpowder whatever, whether such Person shall or shall not have any Licence relating to Gunpowder; and that any Person herein offending shall be dealt with as if he had not any Licence.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker of and Dealer in Arms in the Cities or Liberties of Dublin or Cork, being licensed as hereinafter mentioned, to send Arms to Persons in the said Cities respectively, in the Day-time, either uncovered, or in Packages conspicuously marked with the Words " Arms," without obtaining a Licence for so removing the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person licensed to deal in or sell Gunpowder shall, within Forty-eight Hours after receiving any Gunpowder by virtue of any Licence for the Removal thereof, give notice of the Arrival thereof to the next

Justice

G44.

287

Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice or Magistrate to enter into the House of such Person, and to view and examine such Gunpowder, and the Licence for the Removal of such Gunpowder, and the Licence of such Dealer, with the Indorsement made thereon by the Person who sold such Gunpowder; and such Person shall declare and show to such Justice or Magistrate, if required, all the Stock of Gunpowder in his or her Possession; and if any such Person shall not give such Notice, or shall not permit such Justice or Magistrate to view or examine such Licences respectively, or such Gunpowder, or shall not declare and show to such Justice or Magistrate all his or her Stock of Gunpowder, every such Person for each such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Gunpowder not so declared or shown shall be found in the Possession of such Person, the same shall be forfeited, and shall be seized to the Use of His Majesty, by or under the Order of such Justice or Magistrate.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence to deal in or sell or to keep Gunpowder shall be made use of for procuring Gunpowder for the Use of any other Person than the Person named in such Licence, or if any Gunpowder bought in the Name of any Person so licensed shall, with the Knowledge of such Person, be carried, brought, or delivered to any other than the Person so licensed, the Person so licensed shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Licence before granted to such Person shall be void.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker or Manufacturer of Gunpowder, and every Person dealing as a Factor or Agent in selling the same, in Ireland, shall, within Thirty Days after the Commencement of this Act, return an Account to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in his Absence, to the Under Secretary, of all the Stock of Gunpowder in his or her Possession, describing the Place or Places where the same shall be kept, and the Packages containing the same, and shall verify such Return by Affidavit at the Foot of such Return, to be sworn before any Magistrate, and shall provide a Book in which such Quantity shall be entered; and shall from time to time in the first Week of every Calendar Month, and also upon the completing the Manufacture of any Quantity or Quantities of Gunpowder, or receiving the same to be sold (as the Case may be), make a like Return, verified as aforesaid, and like Entry; and every such Maker or Manufacturer shall also enter separately in such Book an Account of every Parcel of Gunpowder sold or disposed of, with the Time when, and to whom; and it shall be lawful for any Person authorized by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, by his Under Secretary, at all reasonable Times to have Access to such Book, and to examine the Stock of such Maker or Seller of Gunpowder, or such Factor or Agent, and compare and balance the same with the Account kept in such Book; and if it shall appear that any Fraud had been committed, or that any Gunpowder had been sold, sent, or disposed of contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the Person licensed

shall

Penalty on procuring Gunpowder for unlicensed Persons.

Gunpowder Makers shall return Account of their Stock, &c. to Chief Secretary; and keep Accounts of Sales, &c., to be inspected, and Stock examined, under his Orders.

Penalty for not making Returns, &c. 201.

In what Cases Gunpowder may be sent with a Manifest only.

Penalty on Fraud by Manifest, 500L &c.

Gunpowder exceeding Five Pounds shall be removed in Casks, &c. Penalty, 5001.

Yearly Licences to be had for making or repairing Arms.

C. 44. I y GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

shall forfeit Fifty Pounds, and the Licence to such Person shall become void, and such Person shall be disabled in future to make or manufacture or sell Gunpowder.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Manufacturer of Gunpowder, or Factor or Agent selling Gunpowder, shall not make such Returns as aforesaid, verified as aforesaid, or shall not keep such Book, or shall omit to make therein any Entry required by this Act, or shall refuse to permit any Person thereto authorized to inspect the same, or to examine the Stock of Gunpowder of such Maker, Manufacturer, Factor, or Agent, every such Offender shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person duly licensed to manufacture Gunpowder may send, at any Time between Sunrise and Sunset, any Quantity thereof to his Office or Place of Delivery mentioned in the Licence granted to him, or to His Majesty's Stores, and not elsewhere, without obtaining a Licence for the Carriage or Removal of the same; provided that with every Quantity of Gunpowder so sent the Maker or his Superintendent shall send a Manifest, expressing the Quantity sent, and whether in Barrels, Half Barrels, or Quarter Barrels, and the Places from which and to which it is sent, which Manifest shall be dated and signed by the Maker of such Gunpowder, or his Superintendent.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than what is expressed in such Manifest shall be so sent, or if the Gunpowder therein mentioned shall be sent to any other Place than to such Office or Place of Delivery, or to His Majesty's Stores, the same shall be forfeited to His Majesty, and the Person sending the same shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Gunpowder exceeding Five Pounds Weight, which shall be removed from any Part of Ireland, to any other Part of the same, shall be made up in Casks with the Word " Gunpow'der " marked thereon in large Letters, upon pain of forfeiting the same to His Majesty; and that it shall be lawful for any Person to seize and carry to His Majesty's Stores any Quantity of Gunpowder exceeding Five Pounds Weight, and not so made up and marked; and the Person who shall have caused such Gunpowder to be carried without being so made up or marked shall forfeit for each such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall make, construct, amend, repair, or keep for or expose to Sale in Ireland any Cannon or other Ordnance, or any Gun, Musket, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Lock, Barrel, Stock, or other Part of any Gun, Pistol, or Arms, or any Bayonet, Sword, Sword Blade, Spear, Spear Head, Pike, Pike Head, or Instrument serving for a Pike or Pike Head, or other Military Weapon, without a Licence from the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, his Under Secretary, which Licence shall be granted to any known Gunsmith er Sword Cutler, if it shall seem fit to such Secretary or Under Secretary; and if any Person shall make or construct, mend» alter,

or

A.D. 1830.

. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 44.

289

or repair, or keep for or expose to Sale any Cannon or other Ordnance, or any Gun, Musket, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Lock, Barrel, Stock, or other Part of any Gun, Pistol, or other Arms, or any Bayonet, Sword, Sword Blade, Spear, Spear Head, Pike, Pike Head, or Instrument serving for a Pike or Pike Head, or other Military Weapon, without having obtained such Licence, every such Article found with such Person shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Officer of Customs or Excise, or by any Person authorized thereto by the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and every such Offender shall forfeit a Sum of One hundred Pounds; and such Licence shall be of force for One Year and no longer, from the Time of granting thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall make, repair, or sell any Cannon, Ordnance, Gun, Pistol, or other Fire-arms, or any Locks, Barrel, Stock, or other Part of any Gun, Pistol, or other Fire-arms, or any Sword, Bayonet, Pike, Pike Head, Spear, Spear Head, pr Instrument serving for a Pike or Pike Head, or any other Military Weapon, shall keep a Book, in which he or she shall enter or cause to be entered a monthly Account of all such Articles made, sold, or repaired by such Person, and to and for whom the same were sold or repaired, and the respective Times when; and shall monthly return to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or, in his Absence, to his Under Secretary, a Copy of such Account, verified on Oath before any Magistrate; and it shall be lawful for any Person empowered for that Purpose by the Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, by his Under Secretary, at all reasonable Times, on Demand, to have access to such Book to examine the same; and if any Person making, repairing, or selling any such Article shall not keep such Book, or shall not truly enter therein such Account as aforesaid, or shall omit to make any such Return as aforesaid, verified as aforesaid, or shall not, after Demand, produce such Book to such Person as shall be authorized as aforesaid, or shall not permit such Person to examine the same, every Person offending shall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to enter and search, or to grant a Warrant to any Person or Persons to be by him named to enter and search, any House, Place, Ship, Boat, or Vessel where or in which such Justice or Magistrate shall, from Information on Oath, have reasonable Grounds to suspect any Arms, Ammunition, or Gunpowder to be deposited for any Purpose contrary to this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at any Time by Order under his Hand, or signified by the Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, by the Under Secretary, to annul and make void any Licence granted under this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall go and be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may be recovered by Inforra-

II Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. U ation

Penalty, Forfeiture of Arms and 1001.

Monthly Account of Anna sold, &c. shall be kept and returned to Chief Secretary.

Books may be examined.

Penalty on Default, &c. 201.

Justice of Peace may search for Arms, &c.

Revoking

Licences.

Recovery Forfeitures, &c. for Use of the Crown.

290

C. 44.

11°GEG. IV, & l3 GUL.IV. A.D. 1830.

Remitting

Penalties.

Commbnonen, &c. may restore Ships, &c. and remit Penalties, &c. under certain Circumstances.

Limitation of Actions.

ation to be filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and any Forfeiture of any Article or Thing which by virtue of this Act shall and may be seized shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the Manner and Form, and by the Ways and Means, and with the Powers and Authorities prescribed, directed, or appointed in and by any Law relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this present Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for any Party who shall think him or herself aggrieved or injured as in and by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at his and their Discretion, to remit or mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture sued for under this Act, and to order the Restoration of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or other Article, seized under the Authority of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case in which it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of Customs acting in Dublin* or the Collector of the Customs at that Port, or the Collector of the Customs at any other Port in Ireland, that any Seizure has been made of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any Arms, Gunpowder, Ammunition, or other Article, or that any Penalty or Forfeiture has been incurred by the Owners or by the Master or Commander of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or by any other Person or Persons for any Offence against this Act, contrary to the Intentions, and without the Privity, Consent, or Concurrence of the Person or Persons liable in any Manner to suffer by any such Seizure, Penalty, or Forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners, and for any such Collector of the Customs as aforesaid at the Port in which such Circumstances shall take place, to order any Ships, Vessels, or Boats to be restored in any such Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as such Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of Customs, or as such Collector of Customs shall think fit to direct, and also to remit or mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, as they shall see Reason to acquit any Party of Blame in respect of such Offence, or more or less to attribute the Commission of such Offence to Neglect of Duty in any such Party; and every Forfeiture and every Penalty or Part thereof so remitted shall be null and void; and no Suit or Action shall be brought or maintained by any Person whatever on account of any such Seizure or Detention, or of the imposing of any such Forfeiture or Penalty.

XXIX. And be it farther enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or executed in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the alleged Cause of Action shall accrue; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereon, and prove that the same was done

under

991

under the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall nave Double Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the last Day of this present Session of Parliament, and shall be and remain in force for the Term of One Year from and after the passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to subject to Duties of Customs Goods the Property of the Crown, in case of Sale after Importation.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Property

W of the Crown, are not by Law subject to the Payment of any Duties of Customs on Importation into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions: And whereas it is expedient that such Goods, 4 Wares, and Merchandize, in the Case of the Sale thereof after Importation, should be subject to the Payment of such Duties Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this

t Act all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Property of the Crown, shall, in case of the Sale thereof after Importation into this Realm, be liable to and shall be charged with such and the same Duties of Customs as may be by Law payable or charged on the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being the Property of the Crown.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS, by Deeds, Wills, and other Instruments, Powers are frequently given to appoint Real and Personal Propetty amongst several Objects, in such Manner that none of the Objects can be excluded by the Donee of the Power from a 4 Share of such Property; And whereas Appointments in exercise of such Powers whereby an unsubstantial, illusory, or nominal Share of the Property affected thereby is appointed to or left unappointed to devolve upon any one or more of the Objects thereof, are invalid in Equity, although the like Appointments are good and binding at Law: And whereas considerable Inconvenience hath arisen from the Rule of Equity relative to such Appointments, and it is expedient that such Appointments

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

Act may be amended.

Goods, &c. the Property of the Crown fold after Importation charged with Duty.

292

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Illusory Appointments shall be valid in Equity as well as at Law.

Not to affect any Deed which declares the Amount of the Share;

nor to give any other Force to any Appointment than the same would have had.

S&4 W. AM. c. 14.

6 A 7 W.S. c. 14.

Ann. c. 5.(I.) 47 O.S. c. 74.

Recited Acts repealed.

C. 46, 47.

should be as valid in Equity as at Law ,; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Appointment which from and after the passing of this Act shall be made in exercise of any Power or Authority to appoint any Property, Real or Personal, amongst several Objects, shall be invalid or impeached in Equity, on the Ground that an unsubstantial, illusory, or nominal Share only shall be thereby appointed to or left unappointed to devolve upon any one or more of the Objects of such Power; but that every such Appointment shall be valid and effectual in Equity as well as at Law, notwithstanding that any one or more of the Objects shall not thereunder, or in default of such Appointment, take more than an unsubstantial, illusory, or nominal Share of the Property subjected to such Power.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect any Provision in any Deed, Will, or other Instrument creating any such Power as aforesaid, which shall declare the Amount of the Share or Shares from which no Object of the Power shall be excluded.

III. Provided also, and be further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken, at Law or in Equity, to give any other Validity, Force, or Effect, to any Appointment, than such Appointment would have had if a substantial Share of the Property affected by the Power had been thereby appointed to or left unappointed to devolve upon any Object of such Power.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for consolidating and Amending the Laws for facili* tating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises, which ' was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Third, intituled An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent De vises: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled a51 An act* Act for more effectually securing the Payment of Debts of Traders: 1 And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts should be enlarged, and that the said recited Acts should 1 be repealed, in order that all the Provisions relating to this Matter should be consolidated in One Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, but so as not to affect any of the Provisions and

Remedies

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 47.

293

Remedies of the said Acts, or any of them, to the Benefit of which any Persons are entitled; as against any Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Heal Estate, of any Person or Persons who died before the passing of this Act,

II. And whereas it is not reasonable or just that by the Prac- For remedying ' tice or Contrivance of any Debtors their Creditors should be ^J^d"

defrauded of their just Debts, and nevertheless it hath often so Creditor by

happened, that where several Persons having by Bonds* Cove- Wills,

1 nants, or other Specialties bound themselves and their Heirs,

and have afterwards died seised in Fee Simple of and in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or had

Power or Authority to dispose of or charge the same by their

Wills or Testaments, have, to the defrauding of such their Cre-

ditors, by their last Wills or Testaments, devised the same or 1 disposed thereof in such Manner as such Creditors have lost

their said Debts; ' For remedying of which, and for the Maintenance of just and upright Dealing, be it therefore further enacted, That all Wills and Testamentary Limitations, Dispositions, or Appointments, already made by Persons now in being, or hereafter to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, of, or concerning any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Rent, Profit, Term, or Charge out of the same, whereof any Person or Persons, at the Time of his, her, or their Decease, shall be seised in Fee Simple, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or have Power to dispose of the same by his, her, or their last Wills or Testaments, shall be deemed or taken, (only as against such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, with whom the Person or Persons making any such Wills or Testaments, Limitations, Dispositions, or Appointments shall have entered into any Bond, Covenant, or other Specialty binding his, her, or their Heirs,) to be fraudulent, and clearly, absolutely, and utterly void, frustrate, and of none Effect; any Pretence, Colour, feigned or presumed Consideration, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for the Means that such Creditors may be enabled to Enabling Cre-recover upon such Bonds, Covenants, and other Specialties, be Hitors to reco-it further enacted, That in the Cases before mentioned every ver upon such Creditor shall and may have and maintain his, her, and their Bond#» &c. Action and Actions of Debt or Covenant upon the said Bonds,

Covenants, and Specialties against the Heir and Heirs at Law of

such Obligor or Obligors, Covenantor or Covenantors, and such Devisee and Devisees, or the Devisee or Devisees of such first-mentioned Devisee or Devisees jointly, by virtue of this Act; and such Devisee and Devisees shall be liable and chargeable for a false Plea by him or them pleaded, in the same Manner as any Heir should have been for any false Plea by him pleaded, or for not confessing the Lands or Tenements to him descended.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if in any Case there shall If there is no

not be any Heir at Law against whom, jointly with the Devisee Heir at Law or Devisees, a Remedy is hereby given, in every such Case every *

Creditor to whom by this Act Relief is so given shall and may ^nstthe have and maintain his, her, and their Action and Actions of Debt Devisee.

294

11° GUL. IV. & 1° GEO. IV. A.D. 1830.

Not to affect Limitations for just Debts, or Portions for Children.

Heir at Law to be answerable for Debts, although he may sell Estate before Action brought.

Where an Action of Debt is brought against the Heir, he may plead Riens per descent.

C. 47.

or Covenant, as the Case may be, against such Devisee or Devisees solely; and such Devisee or Devisees shall be liable for false Plea as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where there hath been or shall be any Limitation or Appointment, Devise or Disposition, of or concerning any Manors, Messuages, ' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the raising or Payment of any real and just Debt or Debts, or any Portion or Portions* Sum or Sums of Money, for any Child or Children of any Person* according to or in pursuance of any Marriage Contract or Agreement in Writing, bona fide made before such Marriage, the same and every of them shall be in full force, and the 6ame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall and may be holden and enjoyed by every such Person or Persons, his* her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for whom the said Limitation, Appointment, Devise, or Disposition was made, and by his, her, and their Trustee or Trustees, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such Estate or Interest as shall be so limited or appointed, devised or disposed, until such Debt or Debts, Portion or Portions, shall be raised, paid, and satisfied, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Heir at Law shall be liable to pay the Debts or perform the Covenants of his Ancestors, in regard of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments descended to him, and shall sell, alien, or make over the same, before any Action brought or Process sued out against him, such Heir at Law shall be answerable for such Debt or Debts, or Covenants, in an Action or Actions of Debt or Covenant, to the Value of the said Lands so by him sold, aliened, or made over, in which Cases all Creditors shall be preferred as in Actions against Executors and Administrators; and such Execution shall be taken out upon any Judgment or Judgments so obtained against such Heir, to the Value of the said Land, ss if the same were his own proper Debt or Debts; saving that the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, bona fide aliened before the Action brought, shall not be liable to such Execution.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Action of Debt or Covenant upon any Specialty is brought against the Heir, he may plead Riens per descent at the Time of the original Writ brought or the Bill filed against him, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Plaintiff in such Action may reply that he had Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from his Ancestor before the original Writ brought or Bill filed; and if, upon the Issue joined thereupon, it be found for the Plaintiff, the Jury shall inquire of the Value of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so descended, and thereupon Judgment shall be given and Execution shall be awarded as aforesaid; but if Judgment be given against such Heir by Confession of the Action, without confessing the Assets descended, or upon Demurrer or Nihil dicit, it shall be for the Debt and Damage* without any Writ to inquire of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so descended.

VIII. Pro *

C. 47.

295

VIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That all and every the Devisee and Devisees made liable by this Act, shall be liable and chargeable in the same Manner as the Heir at Law by force of this Act, notwithstanding the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to him or them devised shall be aliened before the Action brought.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person being, at the Time of his Death, a Trader, within the true Intent and Meaning of the Laws relating to Bankrupts, shall die seised of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Real Estate, which he shall not by his last Will have charged with or devised subject to or for the Payment of his Debts, and which would be Assets for the Payment of his Debts due on any Specialty in which the Heirs were bound, the same shall be Assets to be administered in Courts of Equity for the Payment of all the just Debts of such Person, as well Debts due on Simple Contract as on Specialty; and that the Heir or Heirs at Law, Devisee or Devisees of Such Debtor, and the Devisee or Devisees' of such first-mentioned Devisee or Devisees, shall be liable to all the same Suits in Equity, at the Suit of any of the Creditors of such Debtor, whether Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty, as they are liable to at the Suit of Creditors by Specialty in which the Heirs were bound: Provided always, that in the Administration of Assets by Courts of Equity, under and by virtue of this Provision, all Creditors by Specialty, in which the Heirs are bound, shall be paid the full Amount of the Debts due to them before any of the Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty, in which the Heirs are not bound, shall be paid any Part of their Demands.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding for the Payment of Debts, or any other Purpose, shall be commenced or prosecuted by or against any Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, either alone or together with any other Person or Persons, the Parol shall not demur, but such Action, Suit, or other Proceeding shall be prosecuted and carried on in the same Manner and as effectually as any Action or Suit could before the passing of this Act be carried on or prosecuted by or against any Infant, where, according to Law, the Parol did not demur.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Suit hath been or shall be instituted in any Court of Equity, for the Payment of any Debts of any Person or Persons deceased, to which their Heir or Heirs, Devisee or Devisees, may be subject or liable, and such Court of Equity shall decree the Estates liable to such Debts, or any of them, to be sold for Satisfaction of such Debt or Debts, and by reason of the Infancy of any such Heir or Heirs, Devisee or Devisees, an immediate Conveyance thereof cannot, as the Law at present stands, be compelled, in every such Case such Court shall direct, and, if necessary, compel such Infant or Infants to convey such Estates so to be sold (by all proper Assurances in the Law) to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper and direct; and every such Infant shall make such Conveyance accordingly;

Devisees to be liable the same as Heirs at Law.

Traders Estates shall be Assets to be administered in Courts of Equity.

Creditors by Specialty to be paid first.

Parol shall not demur by or against Infants.

Infants to make Conveyances under Order of the Court.

296

C. 47, 48.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Persons having a Life Interest may convey the Fee, if the Estate is ordered to be sold.

Not to repeal Act S3 G. 1.

Bankers.

An additional Duty of 6d. per Gallon to be paid on Spirits, the Produce of the British Possessions in America, imported after 1 4th June 1830.

and every such Conveyance shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, was or were at the Time of executing the same of the full Age of Twenty-one Years.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hath been or shall be devised in Settlement by any Person or Persons whose Estate under this Act, or by Law, or by his or their Will or Wills, shall be liable to the Payment of any of his or their Debts, and by such Devise shall be vested in any Person or Persons for Life or other limited Interest, with any Remainder, Limitation, or Gift over, which may not be vested, or may be vested in some Person or Persons from whom a Conveyance or other Assurance of the same cannot be obtained, or by way of executory Devise, and a Decree shall be made for the Sale thereof for the Payment of such Debts or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Court by whom such Decree shall be made to direct any such Tenant for Life, or other Person having a limited Interest, or the first executory Devisee thereof, to convey, release, assign, surrender, or otherwise assure the Fee Simple or other the whole Interest or Interests so to be sold to the Purchaser or Purchasers, or in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper; and every such Conveyance, Release, Surrender, Assignment, or other Assurance shall be as effectual as if the Person who shall make and execute the same were seised or possessed of the Fee Simple or other whole Estate so to be sold.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal or alter an Act made by the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for tke better securing the Payment of Bankers Notes, and for providing a more effectual Remedy for the Security and Payment of the Debts due by Bankers.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to impose an additional Duty of Customs on Spirits

the Produce of the British Possessions in America.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to impose an additional Duty of

vv Customs upon the Importation of Spirits or Strong Waters the Produce of the British Possessions in America Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid an additional Duty of Customs of Sixpence for and upon every Gallon of Spirits or Strong Waters, according to the Strength thereof, the Produce of the British Possessions in America, which shall, on or after the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty, be imported, or which, having been previously imported, shall not have been entered for Home Consumption before the said Fourteenth Day of June; and the said Duties shall be in addition to any other Duties now payable thereon, and shall be computed, raised, levied, collected.

C. 48, 49

297

and paid, recovered, and applied in such and the like Manner and under the like Powers and Provisions as any other Duties of Customs on such Spirits or Strong Waters can or may be computed, raised, levied, collected, and paid, recovered, and applied.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to impose additional Duties of Excise on Spirits.

Cl 6th July 1830.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to impose certain additional ' W Duties of Excise on Spirits Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts, the several additional Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

From and after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, for and upon every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof, ascertained by the Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer, which shall be made or distilled in England by any Person or Persons whomsoever, an additional Duty of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, or for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits of such Strength as aforesaid which shall have been or shall be made and extracted in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and warehoused there without Payment of Duty, and which shall have been, or shall be taken out of Warehouse there for the Purpose of being removed or imported into England for Consumption, an additional Duty of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, or any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Distiller or Proprietor thereof at the Time of the Delivery of such Spirits from the Warehouse in Scotland or Ireland respectively for the Purpose of being brought or imported into England:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits of such Strength as aforesaid which shall be in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller in England on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, an additional Duty of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, or any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by such Distiller:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits of such Strength as aforesaid which shall be made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or which shall have been made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and shall be or shall have been on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland, or shall have been warehoused there without Payment of Duty, and which shall be taken out of such Warehouse for Consumption in Scotland or Ireland respectively,

Additional Duties on Spirits.

C. 49.

ll* GEO. IV, & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Spirits made in Scotland or Ireland, and removed to England, but not sold on 16th March 1830, to be liable to the Duty hereby imposed.

As to Spirits made in Scotland or Ireland, and sold, but not delivered at the Periods herein mentioned.

spectively, an additional Duty of Two-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Degree Of Strength, or any greater or less Quantity:

From and after the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty, for and upon every Gallon of Spirits of such Strength as aforesaid which shall be made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or which shall have been made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and shall be or shall have been on the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland, or shall have been warehoused there without Payment of Duty, and which shall be taken out of such Warehouse for Consumption in Scotland or Ireland respectively, a further additional Duty of Four-pence over and above the said additional Duty of Two-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, or any greater or less Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and removed from thence into England, and which shall not on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty have been sold or disposed of, or if sold and disposed of shall not have been delivered to the Purchaser thereof, and removed from the Legal Quays or Sufferance Wharfs or other Place of landing, and the Duties whereon shall not have been fully paid and satisfied, shall be liable to the said additional Duty of Sixpence hereby imposed; and the same shall be paid by the Proprietor of such Spirits, or the Person in whose Custody or Possession the same shall, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or at any Time afterwards, be found.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been made and distilled and warehoused in Scotland and Ireland respectively, and which shall, before the Sixteenth Day of March or Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively, have been sold and disposed of by the Distiller thereof, but shall not have been delivered to the Purchaser, but have remained and been taken an Account of in any Warehouse, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be liable to the said additional Duties of Two-pence and Four-pence for every Gallon thereof respectively hereby imposed; and the Commissioners, Collectors, and Officers of Excise are hereby authorized and required to demand and receive the said additional Duties before the Delivery of any such Spirits from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be warehoused; and in case any such Spirits which shall have been so warehoused shall, after the said Fifteenth Day of March or Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively, have been delivered from the Warehouse, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to collect, recover, and receive the said additional Duties hereby imposed, from the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits, by the same Ways, Means, Powers, and Authorities as any other Duties of Excise may by any Act or Acts be collected,

recovered,

C. 49.

recovered, and received; and if any Distiller or Proprietor of any such Spirits shall have been or shall be charged with, and shall have paid or shall pay, the said additional Duties or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller or Proprietor to recover the Amount so paid from the Purchaser of the Spirits in respect of which such Distiller or Proprietor shall have been or shall be charged, and shall have paid or shall pay the said additional Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties hereby imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and the same shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner, and in or by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise for or in respect of Spirits, were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied in England\ Scotland, and Ireland respectively; and all and every Act or Acts relating to the Duties of Excue, and all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatsoever for any Offence against or in Breach of any Act or Acts for securing the Duties of Excise or any of them, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and the same respectively are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several additional Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And whereas Contracts may have been made before the

Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty ' or before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively, by licensed Distillers and Makers

of Spirits, and other Persons, for Spirits to be delivered after those Days on which the additional Duties hereby imposed will

attach; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every such licensed Distillers and Makers of Spirits, and other Persons, who shall have sold any such Spirits before the Sixteenth Day of March or Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty, on which the additional Duties hereby imposed shall be charged, shall be allowed to add such Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Spirits to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand, recover, and be paid the same accordingly; or it shall be at the Option of any such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, or other Person, having entered into any such Contract for the Delivery of Spirits, or of the Purchaser thereof, before the Delivery and Receipt of such Spirits, to declare the Contract null and void, and the same shall be and is hereby made null and void accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits on which the said additional Duties are hereby imposed, and all Spirits which on the Sixteenth Day of March and Fifteenth Day of June One thousand

Additional Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Remedy for Contracts,

All Spirits on which the additional Duties arc hereby im-

C. 40, 5a

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

posed made liable, and may be seised and sold for Default.

Act may be altered this Session.

Duty on Sugars imported; viz, from the West Indies or Mauritius, 24s. per Cwt .;

from the East Indies, 32s. the Cwt .; from any other Place, 63s. the Cwt.

Duty on Molasses.

thousand eight hundred and thirty respectively, or at any Time afterwards, shall be or be found in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller or other Person liable to the Payment of any of the said additional Duties hereby imposed, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for or to the Use of any such Distiller or other Person or Persons so liable, shall and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of so much of the said additional Duties, or any Arrear thereof, as they may be respectively liable to under the Revisions of this Act, and shall and may be seized, taken, and sold for Payment thereof, under the Powers or Authorities given by any Act or Acts for the Recovery and enforcing the Payment of any Duties of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[16th July 1830.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the 4 TV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned; And therefore do' most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty there shall be charged a Duty of One Pound and Four Shillings on every Hundred Weight of Brown, Muscovado, or Clayed Sugars, being the Produce of and imported into the United Kingdom from the British Possessions in America or the Island of Mauritius; and also a Duty of One Pound and Twelve Shillings on every Hundred Weight of Brown, Muscovado, or Clayed Sugars, being the Produce of and imported from the British Possessions in the East Indies into the United Kingdom; and also a Duty of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for every Hundred Weight of all Brown, Muscovado, or Clayed Sugars, the Produce of or imported from any other Place into the United Kingdom; and the said several Duties are hereby granted and made chargeable until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

II. And be it further enacted, That on and from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty there shall be charged, instead of the Duty now payable, a Duty of Nine Shillings on every Hundred Weight of Molasses, the Produce of

and

501

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 50.

and imported into the United Kingdom from any of the British Possessions.

III. And be it further enacted, That Eight Tenth Parts of the Bounty granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs, and also by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs, upon all Sugars therein mentioned, and exported from the United Kingdom, shall be and the same are hereby continued so long as the Duties on the Importation of Sugar imposed by this Act shall remain in force, or be further continued by any Act hereafter to be made.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That the several Duties imposed by this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to His Majesty in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for granting Duties of Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Bounties granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed in like Manner as if they had been granted by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty hereby continued on Double-refined Sugar, and on Sugar equal in Quality to Double-refined Sugar, shall be paid and allowed altnough such Sugar shall be in Lumps or shall be in Loaves weighing more than Fourteen Pounds Weight each Loaf; any thing in the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Nine Tenth Parts of the several Bounties upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar continued and made payable by an Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend the several Laws relating to the Customs, shall be continued and remain payable upon and in respect of any Refined Sugar which shall be actually water-borne for Exportation, or which shall be warehoused for Exportation, at any Time before the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the said Exchequer from so much of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar as shall arise and be payable in Great Britain shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to issue and apply the same from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament; and that so much of the said Duties on Sugar as shall arise and be payable in Ireland shall be paid into 'the Receipt of the Exchequer there, and shall be carried to the Consolidated

Part of the Bounties granted by 6 G.4. c. 104. and 9 G.4.. c. 76. continued.

Duties to be levied as under 6 G.4. c. 111.

Bounties to be paid as under 6 G. 4. C. 113.

Regulations as to Bounty on Double-refined Sugar.

Certain Bounties upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar continued.

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Act shall be separate from other Payments.

Account of Exchequer Bills to be taken.

Money due on Exchequer Bills to be paid out of next Aids.

1SC. 2. c. 84.

S A 6 Anne, c. 8.

G50, 51. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

solidated Fuad of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

{Sections 9> 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15. of this Act are the same respectively as Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12. of 7 # 8 G. 4. c. 7.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, nr within Ten Days after, the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow doe thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty one.

{The remaining Sections of this Act are the same respectively as Sections 15, 16, 17 and 18. of I & 8 G.4. c. 7.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof; by which said Act, to the Intent and* Purpose that His said Majesty, His ' Heirs and Successors, might receive a full and ample Recompence and Satisfaction, as well for the Profits of the Court of ' Wards, and the Tenures, Wardships, Liveries, Primer Seisins, Ousterlemains, and other the Premises and Perquisites incident thereunto, and for all Arrears any way due for the same, as also (for all and all manner of Purveyance and Provisions in the said Act mentioned, and thereby taken away and abolished, and all sums of Money due or pretended to be due or payable for or ' in respect of any Compositions for the same, there was granted ' and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever thereafter, in recompence as aforesaid the several Hereditary Rates, Impositions, Duties and Charges on Beer and Ale, ' Cyder and other Liquors, in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for an Unton between the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, all Parts of the United Kingdom were made liable to the same Excises onexcisable Liquors, whereby the said Hereditary Rates,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 51.

SOS

and Duties on Beer, Ale, Cyder and other Liquors, granted by the said first recited Act, were extended to Scotland, and became there payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors for ever: And whereas by another Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled A Grant of certain Impositions on Beer, Ale* and other Liquors^ for the Increase of His Majesty's Revenue during His Life, certain other Rates, Impositions, Duties and Charges on Beer and (Ale, Cyder and other LiquorB were granted and made payable

to His said Majesty during his Life: And whereas the said last-(mentioned Rates and Duties having been continued and granted to their Majesties King William the Third and Queen Mary, for Their Lives and the Life of the Survivor, and further continued

and granted to Her Majesty Queen Anne for and during Her

Life, and by the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of ' Her Majesty's Reign extended to and made payable in Scotland,

and having been from time to time further continued, are now ' by the Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

1 expired: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, AU<mances and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt and Spirits made in Scotland or Ireland according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon, certain Duties, Allowances, Drawbacks, and Bounties were granted on Beer brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale: And whereas by another Act passed in the Sixth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the future Assimilation of the Duties of Excise upon Sweets or Made 1 Wines, upon Mead and Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry, in Great Britain and Ireland, and to continue the 1 Duties of Excise on Sweets or made Wines in Great Britain until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twentysix, certain Duties of Excise were imposed on Cyder and Perry made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Sale: And whereas it is expedient that all the said Duties on Cyder in and throughout the United Kingdom, and all the said Duties, Allowances, Drawbacks, and Bounties on Beer and Ade in Great Britain, should cease and determine, ' save and except so much thereof as are the Hereditary Duties on Cyder, Beer, and Ale in Great Britain, granted by the said first-recited Act to His Majesty King Charles the Second, His 4 Heirs and Successors for ever, and extended to Scotland by the said recited Act of Union, and now vested in His present Majesty; and as to the said Hereditary Duties, to make Provision

that the same shall not during the Life of His present Majesty ' be levied, collected, or raised, nor the Laws for securing and collecting the same be enforced: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, all the Rates and Duties and Drawbacks, payable on Cyder in the United Kingdom, and all the Rates, Duties,

Allowances,

12 Car.2. c. 23.

6 G.4. c. 5.

6 G.4. c. 37.

From 10th October 1890, the Duties and Drawbacks on Cyderand Beer, except the Hereditary Duties, to cease.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

During His Majesty's Life the Hereditary Duties on Cyder and Beer not to be collected;

nor the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties enforced.

The Acts 56 6.S. c. 58. and l&SG.i c. 22. continued in force, except so much as relates to Certificates and Increase in Stock.

C. 51.

Allowances, Drawbacks, and Bounties now payable on Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain, (except the said Hereditary Duties of Excise on Cyder, Beer, and Ale granted to His said Majesty King Charles the Second, and hereinafter more particularly specified,) shall be repealed, cease and determine, and be no longer levied or collected, paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Hereditary Duties on Beer and Ale and Cyder brewed or made for Sale in Great Britain, granted by the said first-recited Act to His said Majesty King Charles the Second, His Heirs and Successors, (that is to say,) For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, brewed by the common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, a Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence: For every Barrel of Six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out such Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by the said common Brewer or such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, Threepence: For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure, One Shilling and Three-pence: Shall from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and.thirty cease to be collected and paid, and shall not during the Life of His present Majesty, be levied, collected, or demanded, or be paid or payable; and the several Acts, Enactments, Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations in the said recited Act of the* Reign of His said Majesty King Charles the Second, or in any other Act or Acts contained, for securing, levying, or collecting the Duties on Beer and Ale and Cyder, save and except the Acts hereinafter continued in force, shall not, from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and during the Life of His present Majesty, be enforced or executed, save and except for the Purpose of recovering any Duties incurred or charged before the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or any Arrears thereof, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for the Breach of any of the said Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, or Regulations, committed previous to the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty; but all such Duties and Arrears, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, shall and may be recovered, levied, enforced, and applied in the same Manner, and by the same Means, Powers, and Authorities, as if this Act had not been passed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty king George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty-first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor preparedfrom Sugarfor colouring Porter, and an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for securing the Payment of the Duties on Ale and Beer brewed in

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C.S1.

805

Great Britain, except so much thereof as relates to Certificates and Increases in Stock, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect; and all Brewers of Beer or Ale for Sale, and all and every Person who shall be licensed under any Act as a Brewer, Dealer in, or Retailer of Beer, shall continue subject to the Provisions,

Enactments, and Regulations in the said last-mentioned Acts contained; and the said Provisions, Enactments, and Regulations shall continue to be respectively executed and put in force by the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Great Britain, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been passed.

[On the Demise

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on and immediately after the Demise of His Majesty, whom God long of His present preserve, the said Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer and Ale the

and Cyder granted by the said first-recited Act to His said Majesty King Charles the Second, His Heirs and Successors, shall CydiTimd revive and be again payable, collected, and paid in Great Bri- Beer to revive tain; and it shcdl and may be lawful for the Commissioners of *"d be col-Excise for the Time being, and they are hereby required, on and, ected* immediately after the Demise of His present Majesty, to cause the said Hereditary Duties to be again charged, levied, collected, and paid in and throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty's Successors, and to cause all the Laws, Clauses,

Enactments, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Regulations for raising, levying, securing, and collecting the Duties on Beer and Ale and Cyder to be again put in force and execution for levying and collecting the said Hereditary Duties in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed; and the said Commissioners of Excise shall and they are hereby required to keep true and particular Accounts of all the said Duties so raised, levied, and collected by them for the Use of His Majesty's Successors.

V. And whereas the said Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer, In lieu of the Ale, and Cyder granted by the said first-recited Act of the Reign Hereditary

of King Charles the Second are now vested in His present Ma- ?u!ies j^sty, and are subject to certain Charges thereon, and it is neces- BL^the

Bary to make Provision for supplying the Deficiency which will Sums of

occur by the said Hereditary Duties on Beer and Ale and Cyder S48, oooof. in not being collected during His Majesty's Life: And whereas by England, and

a Medium of Ten Years, computed from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty to the Fifth Day be annually *

of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Sum of paid to His Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds is taken to be Majesty.

the Medium of the annual Produce of the said Hereditary Duties on Beer and Ale and on Cyder in England, and the Sum of Six

thousand five hundred Pounds the Medium of the annual Pro-

duce of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer and Ale ' and on Cyder in ScotlandTo the end therefore that neither His Majesty, nor any other Person or Persons may receive any Prejudice by the Nonpayment of the said Hereditary Duties, be it enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, there shall be paid to His Majesty during his natural Life, which God long preserve, the clear yearly Sums of Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of Excise arising in England, and Six thousand five hundred Pounds out of the Revenues of Excise arising in that

11 Geo. IV & 1 Gul. IV. X Part

&51

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. fV. A.D. 1830.

The Sums to be paid by quarterly Payments, and subjected to the same Charges as the Hereditary Duties on Cyder and Beer were subject to.

After 10th October 1830, Brewers to pay their Licence Duty in proportion to the Quantity of Malt which they shall use in brewing.

6 G.4. c. 81.

Bond not to be required of Brewers on taking out Licence.

Drawback of 5», on every Barrel of Beer exported.

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and m lien of what has annually been the Amount of the said Hereditary Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Sums of Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds and Six thousand five hundred Pounds shall be paid by Four quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each Year, out of the Revenues of Excise arising in England and Scotland respectively, in preference to all other Payments, Charges of Management excepted, and shall be paid over to the Account of and for the Use of His Majesty; and the said Sums of Money respectively shall be and the same are hereby declared to be subject and liable to and to be charged with all such Charges and Sums of Money as the Hereditary Duties, in lieu of which such Payments shall be made, are subject and liable to and are charged with.

VII. And whereas the Duty imposed by Law on every Licence

to be taken out by any Brewer or Brewers of Beer for Sale is 1 rated according to the Quantity of Beer brewed by the Person or Persons taking out the Licence: And whereas, when the Duties on Beer shall cease to be collected in Great Britain, no 1 Account will be taken by the Officers of Excise of the Quantity

of Beer brewed for Sale, but of the Malt only used and employed by every Brewer or Brewers for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Brewer and Brewers of Beer for Sale in Great Britain and Ireland shall, for the Purpose of fixing and regulating the Rate and Amount of Duty to be paid by such Brewer or Brewers for the Licence to be taken out by him, her, or them, under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal several Duties on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laivs for granting Excise Licences, be deemed to have brewed One Barrel of Beer for every Two Bushels of Malt, used or employed by such Brewer or Brewers in brewing; and shall for every Licence to be taken out by him, her, or them, for brewing Beer for Sale, pay such Amount of Duty, according to the Rate by the said Act imposed on Brewers of other than Table Beer, as shall be correspondent to the Quantity of Beer which he, she, or they shall be deemed to have brewed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons in Great Britain or Ireland to take out a Licence to brew Beer for Sale under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, without giving or being required to give any Bond or other Security as a Brewer or Brewers of Beer; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October, One thousand eight hundred and thirty, there shall be granted and paid for and upon every Barrel of Thirty-six Gallons, and so in proportion for any greater Quantity of Beer brewed or made by any entered Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, and which shall be duly exported from any Part of the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, a Drawback of Five Shillings.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & V GUL. IV. C. 51. 307

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export and Ship as Merchandize, from any Port in the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, any Beer or Ale brewed or made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, such Beer or Ale being in Casks of not less than Thirty-six Gallons, and in the brewing whereof not less than Two Bushels of Malt shall have been used to every Thirty-six Gallons of such Beer or Ale; and all and every Person intending to export such Beer or Ale from any Part of the United Kingdom shall give to the Excise Port Surveyor, or Officer of Excise acting as Port Surveyor, at the Port of Shipment, Notice thereof, in manner directed and required by an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the lleign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention if Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels, for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery, and obliging Exporters of exciseable Goods on Drawbacks to give Notice of Shipment; and the said Export Surveyor, or other Officer of Excise acting as Export Surveyor, having examined or caused to be examined the Beer or Ale so intended to be shipped, and of the shipping whereof such Notice shall have been given, or otherwise satisfied himself with respect to the same, shall sign his Name to the said Notice as having received the same, and shall transmit the said Notice so signed to the proper Officer of Customs in whose Presence such Beer or Ale is to be shipped, and the said Officer of Customs, having seen the said Beer or Ale duly shipped in his Presence in and on board of the Ship or Vessel specified in the Notice, shall certify the due Shipment thereof and the Day when the same was shipped on the said Notice, and shall return the said Notice, with such Certificate of Shipment thereon, to the Excise Export Surveyor, or Officer of Excise acting as Export Surveyor; and the said Export Surveyor or Officer of Excise having received such Notice, with such Certificate of Shipment thereon, shall at the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Date of such Shipment, make out and deliver to the Exporter, or his Clerk or Manager, a Debenture, expressing the Quantity of Beer so shipped, and the Amount of Drawback payable in respect thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That before any such Debenture shall be paid, the Exporter of the Beer or Ale therein mentioned, or his principal Clerk or Manager, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, shall make Oath on the said Debenture before the said Export Surveyor, or Officer of Excise acting as such, that the said Quantity of Beer or Ale was put on board the Ship, and exported therein as Merchandize to be sent beyond the Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship's Use, and that according to the best of his and their Knowledge and Belief the same has been brewed wholly from Malt which has been charged with and paid the Duty of Two Shillings and Seven-pence for every Bushel thereof, and shall also specify in such Oath the Time when and the Place where, and the Brewer, being an entered and licensed Brewer for Sale, by whom such Beer or Ale was brewed, and that the Quantity of Malt employed in the Brewing of such Beer was in the Proportion of not less than Two Bushels Imperial

Shipping Notice to be given on exporting Beer.

56 G. 3. c. 104.

Oath to be made on Debenture for obtaining Drawback.

508

C. 51.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

On Debenture being produced the Amount to be paid.

Landing Certificate (where required) to be produced, before Payment.

Excite Laws as to Exports on Drawbacks applied to Beer.

Brewers to make Entry of all Premises and Utensils used for brewing or storing of Beer and Malt.

Penalty 200/. and Forfeiture of Utensils, &c.

Standard Bushel Measure for every Thirty-six Gallons thereof; and if any such Oath shall be found to be false or untrue in any Particular or Respect, the Person making the false or untrue Statement shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Debenture on which the same shall be made shall be and become null and void, and if unpaid, Payment thereof shall be withheld, or if paid, the Amount thereof shall and may be recovered back, in the same Manner and by the same Means and Methods as any Duty of Excise or Penalty may be sued for and recovered under any Law or Laws of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debenture, together with the said Oath thereon, being produced to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Beer or Ale shall have been exported, the said Collector shall forthwith, out of the Monies in his Hands, pay the Amount thereof to the Person or Persons who shall appear by the said Debenture to be entitled to the same.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by any Law or Laws of Excise in force a Certificate of the due landing of any Goods or Commodities at the Place to which the same shall have been exported on Drawback as Merchandize shall be required, such Certificate of the due landing of any Ale or Beer exported to any such Place shall be produced to the Collector of Excise before any such Debenture shall be made out or paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Laws, Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in force in Great Britain before the passing of this Act, relating to the Export of any exciseable Goods or Commodities on Drawbacks, shall, as far as the same shall be applicable, extend to and be deemed and construed to extend to the Exportation of Beer and Ale under the Authority of this Act from any Part of the United Kingdom, and shall be observed, enforced, and put in execution with respect to such Exportation, and the Payment of the Drawback hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Brewer of Beer for Sale in Great Britain shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every Store, Building, Room and Place, and of every Mash Tun, by him or her intended to be used in or for the brewing or keeping of Worts or Beer, at the nearest Office of Excise, specifying in such Entry the particular Use or Purpose for which such Store, Building, Room, or Place shall be intended to be used, and shall also specify and distinguish in such Entry every Building or Place in which he or she shall intend to store and keep the Malt and the Hops to be used by him or her in the brewing of Beer, and shall store and deposit all such Malt and all such Hops in one or more of such entered Buildings so specified to be used for keeping Malt or for keeping Hops respectively, and shall not use or employ any Malt or Hops which shall not have been so stored and deposited in and taken from one or more of such Buildings or Places so specified and distinguished; and if any such Brewer shall use any Store, Building, Room, or Place, or Mash Tun, without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid, in or for the brewing or keeping of Worts or Beer, or shall store or keep any Malt or Hops

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 51. 309

to be used by him or her in the brewing of Beer in any Building or Place which shall not have been specified and distinguished in such Entry as aforesaid, or shall use or employ any Malt or Hops in the Brewing of Beer which shall not have been stored and deposited in and taken from an entered Building or Place so specified and distinguished as aforesaid, every such Brewer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Worts or Beer which shall be found in any Store,

Building, Room, or Place, or Mash Tun, not specified and distinguished in such Entry as aforesaid, and the Casks containing the same, and all Malt or Hops which shall be found in any Store,

Building, Room, or Place entered or used for the brewing of Beer, other than Malt taken from one or more of such Buildings or Places so specified and distinguished, for the Purpose of being employed in the brewing of Beer, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and every Person in aid and assistance of such Officer, at any Time, to enter into and remain so long as such Officer may think fit, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned, in any

Building or Place belonging to or used by any such Brewer, or by __________

any Dealer in or Retailer of Beer, for the brewing or keeping of inspecting or Worts or Beer, or for the storing or keeping of Malt or Hops; and taking an^Ac-it shall be lawful for such Officer of Excise, and any Person in aid and assistance of such Officer, to inspect any such Building or Place, and to take such Account as such Officer shall deem necessary, of all Worts, Beer, and Malt and Hops therein, and of all other Matters and Things, and of all Vessels, Utensils, Goods, and Materials belonging to or in anywise appertaining to the Trade or Business of such Brewer or Dealer in or Retailer of Beer; and if any such Brewer or Dealer or Retailer shall oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer of Excise, or any Person acting in the Aid or Assistance of such Officer, in entering into or remaining in any such Building or Place as aforesaid, or in inspecting the same, or taking any Account as aforesaid, or in the due Execution of the Duty of such Officer, every such Brewer or Dealer or Retailer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the entered Premises, or in any Mill connected with such Brewery or entered Premises, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain whatsoever, either whole or unground, or ground or bruised; and that all raw and unmalted Corn or Grain, whether whole or unground, or ground or bruised, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises or Mill, and all malted Corn or Grain, whether whole or unground, or ground or bruised, with which such raw unmalted Corn or Grain may have been or shall be mixed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, together with all Sacks, Casks, Vessels, or Packages in which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain shall and may be contained, or in which such raw and unmalted Corn or Grain, and the malted Corn or Grain with which the same may or shall have been

Officers may enter any Buildings or Places used by Brewers for the Purpose of

count of Beer or Malt therein.

Penalty on obstructing Officers, &c. 100*.

No Brewer to have raw or unmalted Grain in hia Brewery Premises.

11- GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

For allowing Beer, not intended to be sent into Consumption until after 10th Day of October 1830, to be brewed free of Duty.

mixed, shall or may be contained: and every Brewer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And whereas it may occur that between the passing of

this Act and the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, when the Duties on Beer are to cease and

determine, Persons other than Brewers now licensed to brew Beer for Sale may brew Quantities of Beer without the Payment of any Duty thereon, and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty may bring forward such Beer for Sale, and sell the same for Consumption; and Persons who are now entered and licensed as Brewers of Beer, and are thereby subject to the Payment of Duty on all Beer brewed by them prior to the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, may be thereby greatly injured and damnified, unless Provision is made for allowing them to brew Beer,

not to be sold or consumed until after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, free of Duty Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Brewer of Beer, from time to time, Twenty-four Hours before, commencing to brew any Guile of Beer, to give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, that the particular Guile of Beer then about to be brewed is for Beer not intended to be sold or sent into Consumption until after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and that he is desirous to brew the same without Payment of Duty, in which said Notice shall be specified the particular Vats or Casks into which such Beer is intended to be tunned and kept; and all such Beer shall be brewed under all the same Laws and Regulations as are now in force, and an Account taken thereof in the same Manner as if the Duty thereon was to be paid, levied, and collected; and when and as soon as such Beer shall be brewed and made, the same shall be run into the particular Vats or Casks specified in the Notice, and the Officer of Excise shall forthwith take an Account of all such Beer, and of the Duty which would be payable thereon; and all the Beer so brewed under such Notice shall be stored and deposited in a separate Store-room or Cellar, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, and under the Locks and Keys of the Officer of Excise, or otherwise secured in such Manner as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, and to their Satisfaction; and when and as often as any other Brewing of Beer shall be made by any such Brewer, to be stored or secured Duty free, the Officer of Excise shall take an Account of all the Quantity which shall have been previously so stored or secured; and all Beer so brewed without Payment of Duty shall be kept so stored, and shall not be sold or sent into Consumption, or any Part thereof tapped or drawn off, until the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty the proper Officers of Excise shall take an Account of all the said Beer which shall have been so brewed Duty-free, and stored or secured as aforesaid, and if upon such Account the whole Quantity of such Beer shall be found in the Stock of the Brewer who shall have brewed the same, deposited or secured as aforesaid, and the Officers of Exciae shall be satisfied that it is the same Beer which was so brewed, and that

DO

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV.& r GUL.IV. C. 51. 311

do Part thereof has been sent into Consumption, or any Addition made thereto, or any Alteration therein, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to forego and remit the Charge of Duty thereon, and to allow the same to be sold without the Payment of such Duty.

XIX. Provided always, That if any Beer which shall be brewed If any Beer under the Regulations aforesaid, as not to be sent into Consump- brewed u tioa untilafter the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight .hundred and thirty, shall not at any Time previous thereto be so Consumption stored in such separate Store or Cellar, or otherwise secured ac- prior to loth cording to the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise, and to of October, their Satisfaction, or if any Brewer shall tap any Vat or Cask in *890> °*the which the same shall be tunned or kept, or shall sell or send out any Part thereof, or shall make any Addition to or Alteration ^th^Brewer therein by putting any other Beer in any such Vat or Cask, or if to be charged on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and pay Duty and thirty, or at any Time previous thereto, the Officers of Excise on 8111, 16 shall not find all such Beer in the Stock of such Brewer so stored feyn^rewed or secured and unaltered, or if any such Brewer shall use or prac- y tise any Art or Device to deceive the Officer of Excise in taking an Account of his Stock, or to remove any of the said Beer, or to evade any Part of the Duty on Beer with which previous to the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty he might or would be chargeable, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and required, to demand and collect the Duties charged on all the Beer brewed by such Brewer previous to the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and the said Brewer shall be liable to the Payment of all such Duties, and the same shall and may be levied, collected, and enforced under the Laws, Provisions, and Regulations now in force for collecting and securing the Duties on Beer.

XX. And whereas it is expedient to provide for continuing Beer brewed the Drawback now payable on Beer or Ale exported, until the Bnd "ported 1 Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, Jj^riUsso1 on such Beer as shall have been brewed in Great Bt Haiti, and be entitled to

charged with Duty, and on which Duty has been paid, and which Drawback on 1 may be exported before the said Day; Be it therefore enacted, Exportation That until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and u, ti{ 5th of thirty-one, the Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and Two-pence, Aprii 1831# now payable on the Exportation of every Barrel of Beer, shall be paid and payable on the Exportation of all Beer and Ale which shall have been brewed and charged with Duty before the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and which any Brewer of Beer shall have declared to be intended for Exportation, and of which an Account shall have been taken under any Orders or Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or of the Commissioners of Excise, issued for that Purpose, which shall have been kept stored in Vats or Casks of not less than Eighteen hundred Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure Content, and according to the Rules and Regulations contained in such Orders or Directions: Provided always, that

312

C. 51.

U°- GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Regulations as to the Exportation of such Beer.

Nothing in the Act 1 W. 4. c. 64. to affect the Licences required by Lavr to be taken out by Brewers and Dealers in Beer, and by Publicans.

Nothing in this Act to interfere with the Rights of Magistrates, Trustees, &c. in Cities, Burghs, and

such Drawback shall not be allowed on any Beer which shall not have been kept and stored in Casks of the full Size of Eighteen hundred Gallons, nor in any Case where the Rules and Regulations contained in any such Orders or Directions shall not have been in every respect observed and fulfilled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Beer shall be exported, and the Drawbacks thereon paid, under the Laws, Enactments, and Regulations relating to the Exportation of Beer in force before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that every Exporter of such Beer intending to claim the said Drawback of Fourteen Shillings and Two-pence shall, on every Exportation thereof after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, in addition to the other Oaths now required to be taken by the Exporter or Shipper of Beer, make Oath that the Beer about to be exported is Beer brewed before the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and which was declared for Exportation as allowed under the Orders or Directions of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or Commissioners of Excise.

XXII. And whereas an Act was passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England, whereby the Commissioners of Excise are authorized and empowered to grant Licences to Persons to retail Ale or Beer or Cyder without such Persons obtaining or producing a Certificate or Authority granted to

such Persons by Justices of the Peace or Magistrates; Be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act or in this or any other Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend in any Manner to interfere with the Licences now required by Law to be taken out and renewed by Brewers of and Dealers in Beer, and Persons keeping common Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, and selling Beer, Ale, and Cyder, and Wines and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, to be drank or consumed on the Premises, but that all and every Brewers and Brewer of and Dealer in Beer shall take out such Licences as are now by Law required to be taken out by such Brewers and Dealers respectively; and every Person who shall sell any Beer or Ale in Quantities not less than Four Gallons and a Half or Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, to be drank or consumed elsewhere than on the Premises where sold, shall be deemed a Dealer in Beer; and every Person who shall keep a common Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, and sell Beer, Ale, and Cyder, and Wines and Spirituous liquors, by Retail, to be drank and consumed on the Premises, shall take out the several Licences now by Law required, under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Licences are now granted and issued under.

XXIII. And whereas in the City of Edinburgh, and in other Cities, Towns, Burghs, and Places in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by several Statutes heretofore passed, certain Rates, Impositions, and Duties are imposed and collected on Beer and Ale, to and for the Use of the said Cities, Towns, Burghs, and Places, and are appropriated and applied to certain Purposes specified in the several Statutes imposing the some, for

318

the levying and collecting of which said Rates, Impositions, and 1 Duties the Charges made by His Majesty's Officers for levying and collecting such Revenue of Excise, or an Abstract thereof under the Hands of the Officers of Excise, have been available to the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, and the other Cities, Towns, Burghs, and other Places aforesaid, for levying and collecting the said Rates, Impositions, and Duties: And whereas by reason of the Duties on Beer and Ale payable to His Majesty ceasing to be collected under the Provisions of this Act, the Magistrates of the said Cities, Towns, Burghs, and other Places will be deprived of the Means heretofore used for raising, collecting, and levying the said Rates, Impositions, and Duties; and it is therefore expedient, in order to prevent any Injury or Loss to any of the said Cities, Towns, Burghs, or Places in which such Rates, Impositions, or Duties are payable, to provide Means for the due Collection and Payment thereof Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect or be deemed or construed to affect, alter, or in any Manner interfere with the Right or Title of the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, or of any other City, Town, Burgh, or Place in Scotland, or of any Trustees or Body Corporate, or other Person or Persons having Right by any of the Statutes aforesaid to collect, receive, raise, and recover any Rates, Impositions, or Duties now payable on Beer or Ale within the same; and that in order to the clue Collection, raising, levying, and recovering thereof, every Brewer of Beer or Ale, liable to the Payment of any such Rates, Impositions, and Duties in the City of Edinburgh, or in any other City, Town, Burgh, or Place, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, at the End of every Month make a true and particular Entry or Return to the Magistrates, or the Trustees, Body Corporate, or other Person or Persons having the Right to collect such Rates, Impositions, and Duties within the City, Town, Burgh, or Place in which such Brewer shall reside or carry on his Brewery, or to such Person or Persons as the Magistrates, Trustees, Body Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Right shall appoint, of all Beer or Ale which such Brewer shall have brewed or made in that Month preceding; and such Brewer shall also at the End of every Month make a true and particular Entry or Return to the Magistrates or the Trustees or Body Corporate or Person or Persons having Right as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed in that Behalf as aforesaid, of all Beer or Ale which such Brewer shall have sold without the Limits of the City, Town, Burgh, or Place in which such Brewer shall reside or carry on his Brewery, or within which such Votes, Duties, and Impositions shall be payable; and every such Entry or Return shall, if required by the Magistrate or other Person or Persons aforesaid, be verified on the Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any One of the Magistrates of the City, Town, Burgh, or Place is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) of the said Brewer, or his principal Workman or Servant; and it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates, Trustees, Body Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid, within every City, Town, Burgh, and Place respectively, to collect, recover, levy, raise, and enforce the Payment of the said

Rates,

Placet in Scotland, to collect their local Duties on Beer and Ale.

Brewers in such Places to make monthly Returns of the Beer brewed by them.

C. 51, 52.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Penalty on Brewers neglecting or refusing to make Returns, or making false Returns.

Act may altered this Session

Rates, Impositions, and Duties payable within such City, Town, Burgh, and Place respectively, according to the Quantity of Beer or Ale mentioned in such Two several Entries or Returns, in the Manner, and by the same Means, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Authorities, as they are now empowered to raise, levy, collect, and enforce the same, or as any other Rates, Impositions, and Duties payable within any such City, Town, Burgh, or Place majr be raised, levied, collected, and enforced, or by ordinary Action in any competent Court: Provided always, that all and every Brewer and other Person and Persons shall remain entitled to and shall receive all such Allowances imd Drawbacks, ia respect to such Rates, Impositions, and Duties, as they are now entitled to.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Brewer of Beer or Ale shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry or Return, or to verify the same when required so to do, or shall make any false or untrue Entry or Return, every such Brewer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner and under the same Powers, Provisions, and Authorities as any other Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered or applied under any Act or Acts of Parliament granting the Rates, Impositions, and Duties on Beer and Ale in the City, Town, Burgh, or Place in which such Refusal or Neglect shall occur, or such false or untrue Entry be made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[16th July 1890.]

[This Act is the same9 except as to the Sections here inserted, as 10 G, 4. c. 29.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland; and also for making Allowances of Reduced ' Pay in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates

and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners 1 of Devon and Cornwall, while disembodied; and also an Allowance to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, and ' Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may ' be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters ' after long Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords

S15

C. 52.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the Time being may and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to

"y»)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem: For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling mid Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Eight or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Drum Major, or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major and Serjeant doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant; Three Pounds for each Serjeant; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven-pence for each Drum Major and Drummer; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man; and so in proportion, in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that such Serjeant Majors, Serjeants acting as Quartermaster Serjeants, Drum Majors, Serjeants, and Drummers, as were serving on the Disembodied Staff on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be entitled to be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such as shall have been subsequently appointed to serve on the Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed Once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of One Penny per Month for each Private Man and Drummer or Fifer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or 'Corps.

M Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Arms of the Corps are kept. *< § 2. — Adjutant to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing; and

" to

Secretary at War to issue the Money required for the Pay of the Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Clothing.

Contingent

Fund.

S16

CL 52.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Oath to be taken to entitle to such Allowances.

Form of Oath.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829 *

u to issue the Money for contingent Ex peaces, on an Order signed " by the Colonel. Balance to form a Stock Purse. § 3. — In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants, &c. to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major. $ 4*. — Militia, when called out for u Training or Exercise, entitled to Pay. $ 5. — Allowances to " Subalterns and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons. §6. — " Persons qualified to hold Commissions not entitled to Allow ances. $ 7.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before some one of His Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet*)

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of

Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the

Day of inclusive, as a [Lieutenant, Ensign, Sur-

geon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, as the Case may be']; and that ' I was not in my own Right or in the Right of my Wife, during

any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive my Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of

1 to the Day of both inclusive, in the

actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and ' Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual

Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy

Orders; that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil

or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides

the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except my

Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines,

or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be], and any Pay and Allowances from the to

the both Days inclusive, during which Period

the Corps was assembled for Training and Exercise.

So help me GOD. '

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon s Mate, or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner hereinafter expressed, during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always *

that

317

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 52.

that such Allowances shall not be received for the Days during whiph the Corps to which the Officers belong shall be assembled for Training and Exercise.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before some one of His Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy or of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

I A.B. do swear, That I was serving as [Paymaster, Surgeon, 4 or Quartermaster, at the Case may be,] in the of

Militia, at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

to the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and; and that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period,

any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, 4 under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of a Day, now claimed, except my Half Pay

as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional

1 Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be,] and except my Pay and Allowances from the to the

1 both Days inclusive, during which Period the Militia was assembled for Training and Exercise.

So help me GOD. '

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XI. And whereas certain Corporals and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland were, in pursuance of the Provision of an Act passed during the last Session of Parliament, struck off the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, and placed on the Out-Pension of Five Pence a Day, although not unfit for further Service; Be it further enacted, That no Corporal or Drummer so placed on the Pension of Five-pence per Diem shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be serving in the Militia.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, shall regularly

attend

Oath to be taken by Officers claiming Allowance!.

Form of Oath.

Out-Pension to Reduced Corporals and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Subalterns, Mates, &c. to attend the Exercise, &c.

S18

C. 59.

11 GEO. IV. & 1 GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Absence.

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid on taking the Oath, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly.

attend the Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, during the whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and a Certificate of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which he may belong, shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any P&rt of such Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof in like Manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned), to he signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, shall not he called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern 0£ ficer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the Paymaster General, it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, and he is hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, their respective Allowances above mentioned, for the usual quarterly or other proper Periods, without any Deduction whatsoever;

319

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. Gsfc

ever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by him preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the aforesaid Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in cose of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

" Supernumerary Lieutenants, &c. succeeding to Vacancies shall be entitled to the Pay and Allowances under this Act. § 16. — Allowance not to be paid while the Militia is embodied. § 17* — M Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served " in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c. during " Training. § 18. — Adjutants, Sec. Non-commissioned Officers " or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions. § 19."

XX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifere, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training; and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Exnence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non commissioned Officers and Drummers while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have been appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged,

On Neglect of Attendance, Subalterns, &c^ shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Adjutants appointed before 24th Dec. 1814, entitled to receive, after a Service of Twenty Years, if unfit for further Service, an Allowance of 8*. per Day;

provided they do not hold certain other Appointments.

Adjutants appointed since 24th Dec. 1814, entitled to receive after Thirty Tears Service, &c. an Allowance of 6s. per Day.

Eight to Half Pay reserved.

Allowances to Quartermasters.

Allowances to Surgeons.

C. 52. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster General shall and he is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases His Majesty's Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment snail have been signified through the Secretary at War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, that any Adjutant who shall have been appointed since the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, eball, upon producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay or Out-Pension by reason of receiving such Allowance of Eight Shillings or Six Shillings a Day as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance.

XXII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who have been by Age ' or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service Be it further enacted, That such Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have been by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service.

XXIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to Surgeons of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service; Be it further enacted, That

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 52j

such Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continue ance of this Act, the Sura of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may,) to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such Reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXV. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors ' are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, which Allowances have

been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four 1 Shillings per Diem; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty to the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[Proviso.]

"Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 44. and 26 G. 3. c. 107. — §26. — Pay, &c. to be issued under Directions of the Secretary at War. §27. — Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper. §28. — No Fee to be taken. §29. — Expence H* of House for depositing Arms and Stores of the Militia in Ireland, &c. to be defrayed by the County. — Provision as to Amount of Rent. §30. — Lord Lieutenant may order the Arms of Militia of Ireland to be deposited in the Ordnance Stores in Dublin. §31. — Provisions of this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Stewartries, &c. §32. — Continuance of Act. §33."

321

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4*. per Day till 24th June 1831.

Allowances to Surgeons.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 A 40 0.3. c. 44.

Y

C. 5S.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

822

CAP. LIII.

SI 0.3. c. 31.

Persons naturalised may sit in Assembly of Lower Canada and in Legislative Council.

Act of Naturalization not to have Force or Authority unless His Majesty's Assent

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty (a), for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec.

[\6\hjtdy 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government if the Province of Quebec in North America/ and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person shall be summoned to the Legislative Council in either of the Provinces of Upper Canada and

Lesser Canada who shall not be of the full Age of Twenty-one Years, and a natural-born Subject of His Majesty, or a Subject of His Majesty naturalized by Act of the British Parliament, or a Subject of His Majesty having become such by the Conquest and Cession of the Province of Canada; and it is thereby further provided, that no Person shall be capable of voting at any Election of a Member to serve in the Legislative Assembly in either of the said Provinces of Upper Canada or Lower Canada, or of being elected at any such Election, who shall not be of the full Age of Twenty-one Years, and a natural-born Subject of His Majesty, or a Subject of His Majesty's 4 naturalized by an Act of the British Parliament, or a Subject of His Majesty having become such by the Conquest and Cession of the Province of Canada: And whereas it is expedient that Persons naturalized by any Act of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province of Lower Canada assembled by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should be enabled to be summoned to the Legislative Council of the said Province of Lower Canada, and of voting at the Elections of Members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of the said Province or of being elected at any such Election; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons naturalized by any Act of the Legi» lative Council and Assembly of the Province of Lower Canada, assented to by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall henceforth be and be deemed competent in the Law to be summoned to the Legislative Council of the said Province of Lower Canada, and to vote at the Elections of Members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of the said Province, and to be elected at any such Election.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Bill which has been passed by the Legislative Council and by the House of Assembly in the said Province of Lower Canada, for the Naturalization of any Persons or Person, shall

(a) See 1 W. 3. c. 71.

be

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 53, 54. 323

be presented for His Majesty's Assent to the Governor or Lieu- be signified to tenant Governor of the said Province, or to the Person adminis- the some, tering His Majesty's Government therein, such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall and he is hereby required to reserve every such Bill for the Signification of His Majesty's Pleasure thereon; and no such Bill shall have any Force or Authority within the said Province of Lower Canada until the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government, shall signify, either by Speech or Messuage to the Legislative Council and Assembly of the said Province, or by Proclamation, that such Bill has been laid before His Majesty in Council, and that His Majesty has been pleased to assent to the same; and no such Bill shall have any Force or Authority within the said Province unless His Majesty's Assent thereto shall have been so signified as aforesaid within the Space of Two Years from the Day on which such Bill shall have been presented for His Majesty's Assent to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts relating to the Fisheries.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of 48 G.3. c. 110. 4 the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the 4 1End of the then next Session of Parliament: and by another Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend several Acts 55 G.S. c. 94.

relating to the British White Herring Fishery; and by another Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal l ft 2 G.4.

certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea c*79 *

British White Herring Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to the said Fishery, certain Regulations were made respecting the British White Herring Fisheries; and by the said Acts various Bounties were granted for the Encouragement of the said Fisheries: And whereas by the said Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend 5 G.4. c. 64.

the severed Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British' and Irish Fisheries s and by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year 7 G.4. c.S4 4 of His present Majesty, for amending the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries,

the said Bounties, or such of them as were then existing, have been repealed, such Repeal having taken effect upon and from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty:

And whereas Doubts may arise whether the Repeal of the Bounties aforesaid hath not rendered ineffectual certain of the Provisions

324 C 54. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Nothing in the Acts 5 G.4. c. 64. and 7 G.4. c. 34. has repealed the Powers of the recited Acts of 48 and 55 G.S. and 1 & 2 G.4. so far as they relate to marking or branding Barrels of Herrings.

Old Barrels employed in the Fisheries with an old official Brand to be forfeited, with their Contents.

The Declaration required to be made on Oath by 48 and 55 G.3. may be made on Affirmation.

Penalty for false Declaration.

visions and Regulations of the before-mentioned Acts of the

+Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to the placing a Mark or Character on Barrels containing Herrings properly cured, and it is expedient to remove such

Doubts; Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Acts passed in the Fifth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth hath repealed or rendered ineffectual so much of the said Acts passed in the Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as relates to the placing a Mark or Character on Barrels or Half Barrels containing Herrings properly cured, save only so far as respects the Payment of any Bounties therein mentioned; and that, save and except so far as respects the said Bounties, the said Acts passed in the Forty-eighth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, with reference to the placing a Mark or Character on* Barrels containing Herrings properly cured, and every other Provision and Regulation of the said Acts which were in force on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, are and is and shall be in full Force, Virtue, and Effect, as though the said Acts so passed in the Fifth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ship or put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat about to be employed in the said Fisheries any old Barrels or any old Half Barrels theretofore employed in the said Fisheries which at the Time of such Shipment shall bear any official Brand theretofore affixed thereupon under and in pursuance of the said Acts or any* of them, or of this present Act, or shall pack any Herrings or other Fish in any such old Barrels or Half Barrels, all such old Barrels' or any old Half Barrels, and the Herrings or other Fish, shall be forfeited.

III. And whereas by the said Acts passed in the Forty-eighthr and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third various Oaths were required to be taken for the Protection of His Majesty's Revenue, and it is no longer

necessary that, with a view to that Object, such Oaths should continue to be administered; Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, were required to make any such Declaration or Statement on Oath, shall henceforth be admitted to make such Declaration or Statement on their, his, or her Affirmation, and without Oath; and if any Person shall wilfully and corruptly make any such Declaration or Statement falsely, every such Person

325L

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 54.

shall incur and become liable to a Fine of not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the farther Encouragement and Improvement of the British Fisheries, certain Bounties were granted for the Encouragement of the British Cod and Ling Fisheries, which Bounties, by virtue of the said recited Acts passed in the Fifth and in the Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, have ceased and determined: And whereas by the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Jate Majesty, certain Provisions were made, empowering the Commissioners of the Herring Fishery to make certain Regulations respecting the said Cod and Ling Fisheries: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries, the said Act of the First Year of His said late Majesty was repealed; and it is expedient that the Powers vested as aforesaid in the said Commissioners (save so far only as respects the Payment of the said Bounties) should be revived, and be again vested in the said Commissioners; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth as authorized the said Commissioners to make such Regulations as aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby revived, and shall be continued in force, save only so far as respects the Payment of the said Bounties; any thing in the said Act of the Fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed shall be sued for, recovered, and applied by such and the same Persons, in such and the same Manner, and to such and the same Purposes, as any Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the said Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third may be sued for, recovered, mitigated, and applied.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland was empowered to nominate and appoint Persons to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, directing;

and improving the Fisheries of Ireland, to be called Commissioners *of the Irish Fisheries, for the Purpose of executing the Provisions of the said Act for the Period in the said Act mentioned; and by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth all the Powers and Authorities given by the said Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign were continued in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty: And whereas for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned it is expedient that all the Powers of the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries should be transferred to the Directors of ail Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, for the Time being,

The Powers of regulating the Trade of the Cod and Ling Fisheries rested in the Commissioners by 1 G.4. c. 103. revived, except so far as respects Bounties.

Recovery of Forfeitures under this Act.

The Powers granted to the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries by 59 G.3. c. 109. shall be vested in the Directors of Inland Navigation.

326 C. 54. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint additional Directors; who shall not be entitled to any Salary.

Lord Lieutenant may employ Persons for completing Piers begun, or for receiving Repayment of Loans, &c.

Lord Lieutenant may, for Five Years, order Sums to be issued out of Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of this Act.

appointed under and by virtue of an Act of the Parliament of Jre- land, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His said late

Majesty King George the Third, for promoting Inland Naviga-

tion in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every Right, Title, and Interest of the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, and all Powers and Authorities vested in them in or by the Baid recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, or in or by any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the said

of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall be transferred and conveyed to and the same are hereby vested in and shall be exercised by the Directors of all Works relating to inland Navigation in Ireland, for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be Director or Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation, for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Number of Directors of the said Works at the Time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that any such Director or Directors so to be nominated and appointed shall not be entitled to any Salary, Allowance, or Emolument whatsoever as such Director or Directors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to appoint and employ any Persons heretofore appointed under the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, or any other Act relating to the Irish Fisheries, or to appoint and employ any other Persons, for the completing the Erection of any Pier which shall have been begun, or for the Repayment of any Loans which shall have been advanced for the Encouragement of the Irish Fisheries, at any Time previous to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, under any Act or Acts in force immediately before that Day, and in general for the managing and concluding of all Concerns, Matters, and Things which shall have been com* raenced under the Authority of the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, and which shall not have been brought to a Conclusion before the passing of this Act; and every such Person so to be appointed and employed shall obey such Instructions and Orders and Directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said Directors of Inland Navigation, or any Two of them, of whom One shall be a Person appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, signified under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Secretary or other proper Officer for that Purpose.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty the Lord

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland was authorized to direct the Payment of any Sum or Sums of c Money, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds in any-one Year,

for the Encouragement of the Coast Fisheries of Ireland, and ' also Salaries and Allowances to the Officers and Persons employed in and about the Execution of the said Act; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord

A.D. 1830.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

527

C. 54i955 *

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time during the Period of Five Years from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, from time to time to direct any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds in the First Year and not exceeding the Sum of Three Thousand five hundred Pounds in the Second Year and not exceeding the Sum of Taro thousand five hundred Pounds in the Third Year and not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds in the Fourth Year and not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in the Fifth Year of the said Period of Five Years, to be issued and paid to the Directors of Inland Navigation out of the Hevenue of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, to be applied in completing any Piers which shall have been begun before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and in paying such Officers and Persons as shall be necessarily employed in and about or relating to the Completion of such Piers, or in relation to the Repayment of any Loans made and lent before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or in or about any Matters relating to the said Fisheries, and requisite to be done for fulfilling the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of Inland Directors of Navigation, or any Two of them, of whom One shall be a Person Inland Nariga-appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or tion have Governors of Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, shall and may have, use, and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and shall ^onere of the and may do all such Matters and Things, in and about the Exe- Fisheries, cution of this Act, and for the carrying this Act into execution, as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries might or could have had, used, exercised, or done under any Act or Acts in force relating to the Irish Fisheries before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and that all such Acts shall remain and continue in force for the Purposes of this Act, and for the Payment of all Bounties which may nave become payable at any* Time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and for the Performance of all Matters and Things relating to such Bounties:

---

[Not to revive the Bounties.]

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revive or continue the Bounties by the said Acts granted, or any of them.

CAP. LV.

An Act to reduce the Rate of Bounties payable upon the Seizure of Slaves.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

[5 G.4. c. 113.]

intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Slave Trade: And by another Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

[7 & 8 G.4. c. 74.]

intituled An Act to carry into execution a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Brazil, for the Regulation and Final Abolition of the African Slave Trade, certain Bounties were directed to be paid for the Seizure of Slaves; as

328 C. 55, 56. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830

in the said Acts are more particularly specified and set forth: And whereas it is expedient to reduce the different Rates of Bounties payable under the said Acts; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Bounties granted by former Acts repealed, and other Bounties granted in lieu thereof.]

That for all Slaves seized from and after the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the different Rates of Bounties heretofore granted under the before-recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and in lieu of the former Bounties there shall be paid, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Seizor, or to the Seizor and Governor respectively, in those Cases where the Governor of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations is or may be entitled, a Bounty of Five Pounds each of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon every Man, Woman, and Child Slave seized and condemned as forfeited or delivered over agreeably to the several Provisions of the above-recited Acts.

[Where Slaves die before Decree of Forfeiture is pronounced, a Moiety of the Bounty may be allowed.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Slaves shall be seized after the said Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and shall be considered liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of the Treaties with Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, and the Brazils, but who shall not have been pronounced forfeited in consequence of Death, Sickness, or other inevitable Circumstance, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if to their Discretion it shall seem meet, to direct Payment of One Moiety of the Bounty which would have been due if the said Slaves had been proceeded against and pronounced forfeited.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of public and private Foundation in Ireland.

[16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[59 G.3. c 107.]

---

intituled An Act for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of public and private Foundation in Ireland, it was among other Tilings enacted, that it should 1 be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Act to direct and declare that any Two or more Dioceses in Ireland should be united into One District, and to direct that the Free Schools of such Two or more Dioceses should he consolidated into One Free School, in manner directed and provided for by the said recited Act: And whereas it may be expedient m some Cases where the Free Schools of any Two or more Dioceses may have been united and consolidated under the said recited Act, that the Commissioners for the Time being under the said Acts should have Power to dissolve the Union of such Free Schools, and to restore or establish the same in their former Diocese; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent

C.S6, 57.

329

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Cmnmisuonera Time after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful to and for the with Consent of said Commissioners for the Time being under the said Act, in all Lord Cases in which they shall deem it expedient so to do, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Schooled Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by store it to its Warrant of the said Commissioners under Hand and Seal, to former Diocese direct and declare that any Free School of any Diocese which shall or may have been united with any Free School of any other Diocese or Dioceses, and consolidated into One Free School, may be disunited therefrom, and that such Union and Consolidation may be dissolved; and to direct that any such Free School, so disunited, may be thenceforth kept and held in the same Place in the Diocese where such Free School was kept and held before such Union and Consolidation, or in such other Place in the said Diocese as the Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall in and by such Warrant direct for such Purpose; and thereupon the Salary which was payable to Former Salary the Schoolmaster of such School before the same was so con- hall then be solidated and united with any other Free School shall from gain paid to the thenceforth be payable only to the Schoolmaster of such School Schoolmaster* so disunited, for his own sole Use; and such Schoolmaster of such disunited School shall have the same Right to such Salary, and the same Remedies and Advantages for or in respect of the raising, collecting, and enforcing the same, as such Schoolmaster could or might nave had in case such Union had never taken place under the said recited Act, and as the Schoolmaster of such School had at any Time before the passing of the said recited Act.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony in Ireland, [16th July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for ike Payment of 55 G.3. c. 91.

Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony, in Ireland, Provision is made for the Payment to Persons appearing on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence as to any Felony in Ireland of such Sum of Money as to the Court before which such Person shall appear shall seem reasonable,

not exceeding the Expences bona fide incurred by such Person,

and also for the Payment, under certain Circumstances, of Compensation to such Persons for Trouble and Loss of Time: And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the said Act 4 extends to Prosecutions directed or conducted by or under the Direction of His Majesty's Attorney General in Ireland, or other Law Officers of His Majesty Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

S30

C. 57, 58.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Provisions of recited Act extended to all Crown Prosecutions.

Persons holding Offices in the Superior Courts shall render to the Commissioners under this Act an Account of their Receipts for the last Ten Years.

Officers entitled to and who claimed

rtion

Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act shall extend and shall be deemed and construed to extend to all Cases, as well of Prosecutions commenced or carried on by or under the Direction of His Majesty's Attorney General in Ireland, or any other Law Officer of His Majesty, as of any other Prosecution whatsoever.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the better Administration of Justice that Amendments and Alterations should

be made in the Process, Practice, Pleadings, and other Proceedings of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law in

England and Wales, or that the Offices belonging to the said

Courts should be subjected to new Regulations, whereby the Amount of Fees and Emoluments which some of the Officers

are or may be entitled to demand and receive in respect of the Duties of their Offices may be diminished or wholly taken away, and the Amount of Fees and Emoluments which others are or may be entitled so to demand and receive increased: And whereas it is fit that Compensation should be made for any such Loss, and that the Public should have the Benefit of any such Increase of Fees and Emoluments; ' fie it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That except as hereinafter mentioned, every Person who on the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty shall have held any Office in or belonging to any of the said Courts, in Fee, pr for any Term either of Life or Years, or who shall then have been appointed to any other Office or En*-ployment in or belonging to any of the said Courts, by virtue of any Right of Appointment heretofore exercised by any of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and every Cursitor of the Court of Chancery, and every Person holding any Office connected with the passing of Fines and Recoveries, who shall have been appointed on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of May, shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, make or cause to be made out, and render to the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act as hereinafter mentioned, am Account in Writing, in such Form and with such Particulars of Receipt and otherwise as the said Commissioners shall require, of all such lawful Fees and Emoluments as aforesaid which shall have become due in respect of every such Office or Employment as aforesaid, and of all Disbursements and Allowances made thereout, and Charges affecting the same, in each of the Ten Years next preceding the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer who claimed and was entitled to Compensation in respect of any Fees or Emoluments under the Provisions of an Act passed

C. 58.

831

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late. Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for preventing frivolous Writs of Error, shall forthwith after the passing of this Act make out and render to the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act such Account in Writing as herein-before directed, so far as regards such Fees and Emoluments, in respect of the Ten Years mentioned in the said recited Act, in lieu of the Ten Years above mentioned; and that so much of the said recited Act as relates to the inquiring and ascertaining and certifying and paying the Amount of the Diminution or Excess in the same Act mentioned shall, from and after the last Day of Trinity Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty, cease and be of no Effect* except so far as regards the Compensation due to such Persons under the said recited Act up to the said last Day of Trinity Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person holding any such Office or Employment as aforesaid shall not be able to make or cause to be made out any such Account as aforesaid for every one of the Years in respect of which the same is to be so rendered, he shall specify in the Account which he shall render the Reason why he is not able to render an Account for any such Year or Years as may be omitted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be authorized to inquire into and examine as well the Legality as the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments contained in any such Account as aforesaid, and of all Disbursements and Allowances made in respect thereof, and of all Charges affect* ing the same; and to require Proof to be made, upon Oath, either personally or in Writing, of any Matter into which such Commissioners may think it necessary to inquire; which Oath may be administered either by such Commissioners, or any Three of them, or by a Judge or Commissioner of any of the said Courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ascertain the gross and net annual Value* according to a fair Average of the said Ten Years as aforesaid, of the lawful Fees and Emoluments of all such Offices and Employments as aforesaid; and in every Case wherein it shall happen that the Fees and Emoluments relating to any particular Year or Years shall have been omitted by any Officer in the Account rendered to the said Commissioners, and they shall be satisfied with the Reason given for such Omission, the said Commissioners shall estimate the gross and net annual Value of the Office or Employment of such Officer according to the best of their Judgment; and in order to assist them in forming a Judgment therein, they shall have regard to the Amount of Fees and Emoluments which in the Year or Years omitted have been received by other Officers, the Fees and Emoluments of whose Offices or Employments may, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, afford a fair Ground of Comparison.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Commissioners shall have ascertained to their Satisfaction the gross and net annual Value of the Fees and Emoluments of such Offices and Employments, or any of them, computed as aforesaid, together with the Particulars of the Disbursements, Allowances,

under 6 G.4. c. 96. to render an Account for Ten Tears before the pawing of that Act.

If an Account cannot be rendered, the Reason to be stated.

Commissioners may examine the Legality, &c. of the Fees upon Oath.

Commissioners shall ascertain the Value of all such Offices according to an Average of Ten Years;

and certify the same to the Treasury.

32

C. 68.

.11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

The Fees to be paid until altered.

Officers to render an Account of their Fees in future to the Treasury.

Manner of Proceeding if Account is unsatisfactory.

If the Fees received shall exceed the certified Value of the Office, the Surplus shall be paid into the Exchequer to the Consolidated Fund.

and Charges constituting the Difference between such gross and net annual Value, they shall from time to time certify the same under their Hands to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, who shall lay Copies of every Certificate of the said Commissioners before both Houses of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, until otherwise directed by lawful Authority, all Fees and Emoluments that now are or may be legally received in respect of any such Offices or Employments shall continue to be received, and shall be accounted for in the Manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who on the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty shall have held any such Office or Employment as aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of every such Person having an Interest in such Office, in Fee, or for any Term of Life or Years, shall, during his or their Continuance or Interest in such Office or Employment, render to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, upon Oath to he sworn before a Judge of one of the said Courts, or a Commissioner duly authorized to take Affidavits therein, a true Account in Writing of the gross and net Amount of all such Fees and Emoluments as aforesaid, which shall have become due on account of such Office or Employment, specifying the Particulars of the Disbursements, Allowances, and Charges constituting the Difference between such gross and net Amounts, at and for such Time or Times, in such Form, and with such further Particulars of Receipt or otherwise, as the Commissioners to be appointed (by virtue of this Act) shall fix.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall be dis-satisfied with any Account to be rendered to them as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to refer the same to any One or more of the Chief Justices, Chief Baron, or Judges of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, or to any One or more of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery, who shall thereupon, by such Ways and Means and by the Examination of such Persons as he or they shall think fit, and on Oath, if he or they shall think an Oath necessary to be administered, in manner aforesaid, inquire into and investigate the said Accounts, or any Item therein, and all or any of the Disbursements, Allowances, or Charges therein contained, and make such Allowances and Disallowances therein as he or they shall think just and reasonable; and shall finally settle and certify in Writing the net Amount of the Fees and Emoluments to which such Account relates.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the net Amount of such Fees and Emoluments which shall have become due to any Person, who, on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall have held any. such Office or Employment as aforesaid, shall exceed the net annual Value thereof which shall have been certified as aforesaid, the Surplus shall, within Seven Days after the rendering of such Account as aforesaid, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 58s

335

to the Credit of and as Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and if Default shall be made in the Payment of any such Surplus as aforesaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, the Amount thereof shall be and be deemed a Specialty Debt due to His Majesty; and the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall or may from time to time, by an Order under his or their Hands, appoint and authorize such Person as he or they shall think proper to receive all the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office or Em raent

in respect of which such Surplus is due; and every i Per- Proceedings son shall accordingly have and is hereby invested with full Power against De-to receive and compel Payment of such Fees and Emoluments, fruiters, until such Surplus, with Interest thereon, and all Costs and Expences occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, are satisfied; and the Monies so to be received shall be applied in Payment of the same accordingly; and if any Surplus shall remain in hand after making all such Payments, the same shall be paid to the Person entitled to such Office or Employment: Provided always, that every such Officer shall and may retain, out of the Surplus so to be paid by him into the Receipt of the Exchequer, so much Money as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and the Lord Chief Justice of Chief Baron of the Court to which the Office or Employment of such Officer may belong, shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize him to retain, as a reasonable Compensation for his additional Trouble in respect of the Increase in the Business of his said Office or Employment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the net Amount of If fre Receipts such Fees and Emoluments which shall become due to any Person,

who, on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall have held any such Office or Employ- shall be paid to roent as aforesaid, shall fall short of the Net annual Value thereof the (Officers out which shall have been certified as aforesaid, every such Person, of the Consoli-his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, having an Interest in Fund-such Office or Employment, in Fee, or for any Term either of Life or Years, shall during his or their Continuance or Interest in such Office or Employment, be entitled to receive from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, within One Calander Month next after the rendering of such Account as aforesaid the full Amount of the Difference between the net Sum which shall have so become due and such certified Value; and the Amount so to be paid shall be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, without any Fee or Deduction whatsoever; and every Person, who, on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall have been appointed to any Office or employment by any Judge as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance in Office of the Person so appointed, under and by virtue of that Appointment, be entitled m like Manner to receive such Difference.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Per- Provision for son entitled to receive or required to pay over any Sum of Money the Case of an under the Provisions of this Act shall die or resign, or be dis- Officer dying,

C. 58.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

354-

&c. before the End of the Year.

If Addition is nude to the Number of Persons executing an Office, the Whole Number to be entitled only to the same Amount of Fees or Compensation as those before appointed.

No Persons hereafter appointed to any Office shall be entitled to claim Compensation.

This Act not to prevent the Dismissal of any Officer.

Provision for Payment of Compensation in the Event of any Offices being abolished.

missed from his Office or Employment, before the Termination of any Year, the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person himself so resigning or dismissed, shall render such Account as aforesaid for such Part of the Year during which the Person so dying or resigning or dismissed shall have held such Office or Employment, and shall be entitled to receive or required to pay over an Amount proportioned to that Part of the Year during which such Person shall have held the same.

XIII. Provided also and be it enacted, That if any Person authorized to make an Appointment to any Office or Employment as aforesaid, shall after the Twenty-fourth Day of May aforesaid, have appointed or shall hereafter appoint, any other Person or Persons, in addition to the Person or Persons who held such last-mentioned Office or Employment on that Day, to execute the Duties of such last-mentioned Office or Employment, all the Persons appointed to and executing the Duties of such last-mentioned Office or Employment together shall be entitled to receive the Difference between the net Amount of the Fees and Emoluments received by virtue of that Office or Employment and such net certified Value as aforesaid, and shall account for such Fees and Emoluments, and pay over such Surplus as aforesaid, in like Manner as if such Office or Employment had continued to be held by the same Person or Persons who held the same on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May, and no Person appointed in addition as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive any more than his rateable Part of such Difference.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person, who, after the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, shall be appointed to any such Office or Employment as aforesaid, shall, nor shall any Person who may appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act to have accepted Office upon Condition of relinquishing any Claim to Compensation in case of its Abolition, be deemed entitled to prefer any Claim to Compensation in respect of any Alteration of any kind whatsoever, which shall be made by lawful Authority, in the Constitution, Process, Practice, Pleadings, or other Proceedings of any of the said Courts, or in the Constitution, Duties, or Emoluments, of any of the said Offices or Employments, by such Authority as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Person from being dismissed from any Office or Employment which he may have held on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty, in like manner as he might have been aia-missed therefrom if this Act had not been made, or to give him any greater or other Interest in such Office or Employment than, he might have lawfully claimed or exercised if this Act bad not been made.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any such Office or Employment as aforesaid shall be abolished by lawful Authority, every Person, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, who under the Provisions of this Act would have been entitled to receive the Difference between the net Amount of the Fees and Emoluments which would have become due and the certified Value

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 58.

835

of such Office or Employment, in case the said Office or Employ* ment were not abolished, shall be entitled to receive, during all the Time for which such Person was entitled to hold the Office or Employment so abolished, such annual Sum as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and the Lord Chief Justice or Lord Chief Baron of the Court to which such Office or Employment may belong, shall fix and appoint, as a full and fair Compensation for the Loss of such Office or Employment, not exceeding in any Case the Amount of such certified Value, and not being less in any Case than Three Fourth Parts thereof; and every Person who under the said Provisions would be entitled to receive such Difference during the joint Continuance in Office of himself and the Person by whom he was appointed to any such Office or Employment shall be entitled to receive such Sum so to be fixed and appointed as aforesaid by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and the Lord Chief Justice or Lord Chief Baron of the Court to which such Office or Employment shall belong, during his natural Life, if the Person appointing him had such an Interest in his Office as would have so long continued, otherwise during auch Period only as his Interest would have continued.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to agree with any Person or Persons who on the said Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty shall have held any such Office or Employment, in Fee, or for Life or Terra of Years, or otherwise, for the absolute Purchase of such Office or Employment for any Sum of Money, which Sum of Money shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and that from and after such Purchase and Payment all Fees and Emoluments which shall become due in respect of any such Office or Employment as shall be so purchased, and shall not have been abolished, shall be received by such Person or Persons as the Lord High Treasurer or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time appoint by Writing under their Hands, and shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of and as Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to require the Render of any Account of His Majesty's Judges of the Courts of Record at Westminster, other than such as is now required by Law.

XIX. And whereas, in case of future Appointments to any of

the Offices or Employments, of which an Account is required by (this Act to be rendered, the Fees and Emoluments payable in

respect of the Duties of such Offices or Employments may exceed the Amount of a reasonable Remuneration to the Officer bolding the same, and it is therefore expedient to provide a

Power for reducing the same; Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, when and as often as Occasion may be or require, to reduce,

Power for the Treasury to purchase Offices in Fee or Offices abolished.

No new Account required from the Judges.

Amount of Fees, &c. may be reduced, and Surplus paid into Treasury.

C. 58.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

As to future Appointments to Offices whereof on Account is hereby required.

No Addition to be made in Offices without Consent of Treasury.

False swearing under this Act.

Power of appointing Commissioners.

bo Far as may appear reasonable, the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments to be thereafter allowed to any Officer who shall after the passing of this Act be appointed to any Office or Em. ployraent as to which an Account is required by this Act to be rendered as aforesaid, and to direct that the Surplus of the Fees and Emoluments to be received by him shall, after deducting such Remuneration as aforesaid, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of and as Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Right which may be vested in or exercised by the said Courts, or any of them, or any of the Judges or Officers thereof, of appointing Persons to Offices or Employments in the same, or of regulating and controlling the Manner in which the Duties of any such Offices or Employments shall be performed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no future Appointment of any Person to any Office or Employment, whereof an Account is by this Act required to be rendered, shall be valid, so as to entitle such Person to the Fees or Emoluments thereof, until such Person shall have given Notice in Writing of such his Appointment to the Lord High Treasurer or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being; and that until such Notice shall have been given, all Fees or Emoluments to be received by virtue of such Office or Employment shall be accounted for to the Lord High Treasurer or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer required to render an Account of any Fees or Emoluments by virtue of this Act to make any Addition to the Number of Persons employed in performing the Duties of such Office or Employment, or to the Amount of Remuneration to be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons in respect of such Services, so as to increase the Disbursements or Expences to be charged or claimed by such Officer in respect of such Office or Employment, without the Consent in Writing of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time Being, or any Three or more of them.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall swear falsely to any Matter respecting which an Oath either personally or in Writing is hereby required or authorized to be made, and shall be convicted of so doing wilfully and corruptly, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall suffer the Pains and Penalties of that Offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time, as Occasion may be or require, to appoint such and so many Persons to be Commissioners for carrying this Act into effect as may to him or them appear fit and necessary, and any Three or more of such Commissioners to be so appointed shall be competent to act in the Execution thereof.

A.D. 1830. 11° UJMJ. IV. & 1° UUL. IV.

u.5y.

337

CAP. LIX.

An Act for endowing the Parish Church of Newborough in the County of Northampton) and Three Chapels, called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex, and also a Chapel erected on Sunk Island in the River Humber.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for draining, inclosing, and improving the 52 G.s. c.H3. 4 Lands, called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and forforming the same into a Parish to be called Newborough, and for builds ing and endowing a Church for such Parish, it was amongst other Things enacted, that when and so soon as the Commissioners therein named should have ascertained the Rights and Interests of the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, interested in the said Common and Waste Lands thereby authorized to be drained and inclosed, the said Common and Waste Lands should be formed into and be made and become a Parish, to be called the Parish of Newborough, in the County

of Northampton and in the Diocese of Peterborough and Archdeaconry of Northampton; and it was by the said Act (amongst other Things) further enacted, that in case the Right to Tithes therein-before referred to should not be established by the King's most Excellent Majesty, or by any Person or Persons claiming Tithes, as therein-before mentioned, then the Commissioners of the said Act should set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord Bishop of Peterborough certain Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands, for the Purposes of erecting a Church and Parsonage House, and for a Churchyard and Burial Ground, and certain other Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands for the Benefit of the Officiating Minister for the Time being to be appointed to the said Church, and certain other Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands the Rents and Profits of which were to be taken by the Parish Clerk to be appointed to the said Church: And whereas by the Verdict of a Jury given at the Assizes held at Northampton in the Month of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, His late Majesty was found to be entitled to the Tithes of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and His present Majesty is seised of the said Tithes, to Him, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His 4 Crown: And whereas soon after the passing of the said Act 4 the Commissioners appointed for carrying the same into execution ascertained the Rights and Interests of the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, interested in the said Common and Waste Lands; whereupon the said Common and Waste Lands was formed into and is now become a 4 Parish, under the Provision for that Purpose contained in the said Act, and is now called the Parish of Newborough: And

whereas in consequence of the Crown having established its

11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. Z 4 Right

The Church to be called the Parish Church of Newborough, and Part of the Ground to be used as a Churchyard and Burial Ground.

Right and Claim to the aforesaid Tithes no Allotments were made under the said Act for Ihd Purpose of erecting such Church and other Buildings as aforesaid, or for the Purpose of making such Endowment as aforesaid: And whereas His Majesty

having been desirous that a Parish Church, to be called the Parish Church of Newborough, should be erected for the Purposes of Divine Worship, the Commissioners of His Majesty's ' Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues have applied the Sum of 1 One thousand two hundred and five Pounds in building and finishing a Parish Church, and in fitting up and furnishing the

same with a Pulpit, Seats, Pews, Galleries, Bells, and other

necessary Appurtenances, upon One Acre of Land situate in the

said Parish of Newborough, lying on the North-west Corner of

a Piece of Land belonging to His Majesty called the Porly Acrez%

bounded on the West by Gunter's Roadt Oh the North by Crown Roady and on the East and South by other Part of the said Forty Acres; and such Part of the said Piece of Land containing One Acre as does not form the Site of the said Parish Church has been inclosed or partly inclosed as a Churchyard and Burial Ground: And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants for the Time being of the said Parish of Newborough that the said Church should be consecrated and set apart as a Place of Divine Worship, and that an annual Stipend should be provided for the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Parish Church, and that other Provisions should be made concerning the same:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by th? Authority of the same, That the said Church so erected and built as aforesaid shall be called 14 The Parish Church of Nen-borough, in the Diocese of Peterborough, in the Archdeaconry of Northampton and County of Northamptonand that so much of the said Piece of Land containing One Acre or thereabouts as does not form the Site of the said Church 60 erected as aforesaid shall be for ever hereafter used as a Churchyard and Burial Ground to the said Church; and that the said Church shall be kept in repair, and the Pulpit, Seats, Pews, Galleries, Bells, and other Furniture and Chattels in or belonging to the said Church, shall be repaired or renewed from time to time, and the Churchyard kept in repair, at the Costs and Charges of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the East and South Sides of the said Churchyard shall forthwith, at the Costs and Charges of the said Inhabitants, be fenced with a good Ditch not less than Three feet and a Half in perpendicular Depth, and that a double Row of Whitethorn Quick shall be planted on the Side thereof next the Churchyard; and that the Fences that have been made or set up on the North and West Sides of the said'Churchyard, and the Ditch and Fences so to be made or set up on the East and South Sides of the said Churchyard, shall be kept in good Repair and Condition at the Costs and Charges of the said Inhabitants; and that the Amount of all such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Parish for the Time

339

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & l'GUL. iV. C. 59 .:

being according to an annua] Aweamettt to be made upon them by the Churchwardens for the Time being, and shall be recovered by such and the same Means as any other Parochial Charge is by Liw authorized to be recovered.

II. And be it further enacted* That the said Church shall be The Chuvduo endowed and the same is hereby endowed with all and singular t* endowed as - the Privileges, Rights, Profits, and Advantages thereunto belonging or appertaining, according to and for the Purposes of this °"P"

Act, and shall be set apart and dedicated to and for the Service of Almighty God as and for a Place of Divine Worship according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, for ever, (the same being first duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England,) and shall and is hereby declared to be a separate and distinct Perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of *"The Church of Nemborough;" and that every Minister of the said The Minister tn Church shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this Act to be be incorporated. incorporated and made a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of w The Officiating Minister of the Church of Netvborough in the County of Northampton," and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled to sue oy that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and the anid Church, and Churchyard or Burial Place belonging thereto, shall be vested in the said Minister and his Successors for the Time being for ever; and the said Church, and the Minister thereof and also the Person or Persons who shall act as or in the Nature of a Churchwarden thereof, for the Time being,

shall be under and subject to the Order and Jurisdiction of the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough and Archdeacon of Northampton and their Successors for the Time being, and shall be visited as other Churches or Chapels within the said Diocese and Archdeaconry are visited.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of The Advowson Patronage, free Disposition, and Nomination of, in, and to the vested in His srid Church shall from and immediately after the passing of this Majesty.

Act appertain to and the same are hereby vested in the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs sad Successors, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted and released from and against all Estates,

Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever of any Person or Persons whomsoever, except as Ordinary of the said Church, and such other Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction as may be necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Con- After Cons©-secration of the said Church, Banns of Matrimony may be pub- cration of the fished and Marriages celebrated therein in such Manner and ^hurch> Mar-under such Restrictions and Regulations as the same can or SSJtfri may by Law be published or celebrated in Parish Churches or therein.

Public Chapels where Banns and Marriages are published and celebrated; and that every such Marriage shall be valid to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, provided that all such Banns and Marriages shall be published and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons in force within this Realm in that Behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Marriages and Christen- Marriages, &c. inas had and solemnized within the said Church, and all Funerals 10 registered, solemnised within the said Church and Churchyard, shall be

340

C. 59.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Commissionert of Woods, Forests, &c. to purchase 8, 3932. 6s. 8<L 3 per Cent. Consols in the Names of the Trustees herein mentioned, and the Dividends thereof to be paid to the Minister as his Salary.

Appointment of new Trustees of the Stock.

registered in Public Registers to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in manner and for the Purposes as by Law directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently1 may be after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue* shall, out of the Produce of the Land Revenues of the Crown, purchase the Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the joint Names of the Right Reverend Herbert Marsh Doctor in Divinity, Lord Bishop of Peterborough, or the Lord Bishop of Peterborough for the lime being, and the Right Honourable William Lovather commonly called Viscount Lousther, First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the First Commissioner for the Time being thereof, as Trustees thereof; and that the Trustees for the Time being of the said Capital Sum shall pay the Dividends and Interest thereof to the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Church of Newborough, or authorize and empower him to receive the same as and when the same shall become due and payable, as and for a Stipend or Salary for the Performance of his sacred Duties.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Death, Cession, or Translation of the said Herbert Lord Bishop of Peterborough, or of any future Jx>rd Bishop of Peterborough, or on the Death or Cesser to act of the said William Viscount Lovother as such First Commissioner as aforesaid, or of any future First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the said Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence shall be forthwith and from time to time transferred so as to become vested in the joint Names of the Lord Bishop of Peterborough and the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, upon the Trusts herein-before declared concerning the same: Provided nevertheless, that if at any Time hereafter the Board commonly called "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,. Forests, and Land Revenues, 9* shall be discontinued, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, fay any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint some Person to act as Trustee with the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough for the Time being, and also upon the Death, Removal, or declining to act of the Person to he appointed, or of any other Person to be thereafter nominated and appointed, in pursuance of this present Power, to nominate and appoint from time to time some other Person to act as Trustee with the Lord Bishop of Peterborough for the Time being; and that upon every such Nomination and Appointment being so made as aforesaid the said Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence shall be forthwith transferred so as to become vested in the joint Names of the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough for the Time being and the Person so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, upon the Trusts hereinbefore declared concerning the same; and it is hereby declared, that the Costs and Charges attending the making every such

341

A.D. 1830. H° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 59.

Transfer as aforesaid shall be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the said Stock.

VIII. And whereas His Majesty is seised to Him, His Heirs and Successors, of the Advowson or perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex, and is in like Manner seised of all those Three several Chapels called respectively by the Names of Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, and the Ground whereon the same respectively stand,

situate in the same Pariah; and Divine Service has for several Years past been performed in the said Chapels by Curates or Ministers duly licensed for that Purpose, although none of the said Chapels have been appropriated or consecrated: And whereas the said Two Chapels called Portland Chapel and Oxford Chapel are situate within the District which hath been assigned to the District Church called by the Name of All Souls Church in Saint Mary4e-bone>" established under the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex to effectuate the building of Four Distried Churches in the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for making the Four Districts in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex distinct Rectories for certain Purposes; but the said Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, though situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone} is not situate within any of the Four District Rectories established by the said Acts: And whereas it would tend materially to the Advantage and Accommodation of the inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, that the said Chapels called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel should be respectively consecrated and appropriated for ever as Chapels wherein the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland may be used and observed; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Chapel commonly called Portland Chapel, situate and being in Great Portland Street in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and in the said Chapel commonly called Oxford Chapel, situate and being in Vere Street in the same Parish, and the Ground and Soil whereon the same respectively stand, and all Rents, Profits, and Produce to arise and become payable in respect of the said Two Chapels, together with ail and singular Vaults, Areas, Ways, Passages, Lights, Easements, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the same Chapels and Premises respectively in anywise belonging or appertaining, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said William Viscount Loxvther, First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and in the Reverend George Chandler Doctor of Laws, Rector of the said District Church of All Souls in Sainl Mary-le-bone, and their respective Successors in the said Office and District Rectory, as a Body Corporate; and that the said Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, situate in Westmoreland Street in the said Parish, and the Ground and Soil whereon the same stands, and all Rents, Profits, and Produce to arise and become payable in respect of the same

Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel Tested in Trustees.

1&2 G.4. c. 21.

6 G*4. c. 124.

C. 59.

31%

After Consecration, Divine Service to be performed in the Chapelt.

The present Ministers to officiate during their Lives, and afterwards the Persons to be appointed, by the Crown.

Free Sittings to be provided; for poor Persons, and the other Pews to be let

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Chapel, together with all and singular Vaults, Areas, Ways, Pas* sages, Lights, Easements, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the same Chapel and Premises In anywise belonging or appertaining, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said William Viscount Lowthrr as such Commissioner as aforesaid, and the Reverend John Hume Spry Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary4e*bone aforesaid, and their respective Successors in the said Office and Rectory, as a Body Corporate; to the Intent and Purpose that after Consecration of the said Three Chapels respectively, Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland shall be performed therein by the Curates Or Officiating Ministers for the Time being thereof, in the Morning of every Holiday, and in the Morning and Afternoon or Evening of every Sunday, who shall preach a Sermon in the Morning and in the Afternoon or Evening of every Sunday immediately after Divine Service throughout the Year and at such other Time or limes, and shall perform such other Duties, as the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being shall from time to time direct; and it is hereby declared, that the Reverend John Crofts Clerk, who is the present Curate or Officiating Minister of the said Chapel called Portland Chapel, the Reverend John Percival, who is the present Curate or Officiating Minister of the said Chapel called Oxford Chapel, and the Reverend, Thomas Whitey who is the present Curate or Officiating Minister of the said Chapel called FPc&edbChapel, shall perform the said Duties in the said Chapels respectively during their respective Lives, or until by Cession or otherwise they shall respectively cease to be such Curates or Officiating Ministers as aforesaid; and at all Times afterwards that the said Duties in the said Chapels respectively shall be performed by such Persons, being of the Church of England) in Priests Orders, and duly qua-lifiea, who for the Time being shall be the Curates or Officiating Ministers of the said Chapels respectively under or by virtue of the domination or Appointment of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and who shall have been duly licensed to the said Three Chapels respectively by the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, to officiate as such Curates or Ministers and to perform the said Duties in the said Chapels.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Pews, Sittings, or Benches in every of the said Chapels, to be marked with the Words Free Seats," amounting in the whole to not less th$k One Sixth Part of the whole of the Sittings in each Chapel, shall be appropriated and set apart for the Use of poor Persons resorting thereto, and for which Pews, Sittings, or Benches no Rent or Assessment whatsoever shall at any Time be charged or imposed; and that the Pews or Seats in each of the said Chapels (save and except the Pews or Sittings so to be set apart for the Use of the poor Persons, and Save and except the Pews set apart or to be set apart for the Use of the Curates or Officiating Ministers of the said Chapels for the Time being, or their respective Families,) shall for ever be charged and chargeable in the several and respective yearly Rents or Stunt to be set opposite to the Figures or Numbers to be marked upon each of the said Pews or Seats, as they shall be particularly numbered or set down, with reference to the Chapels respectively, in the Lists or Schedules to be made and signed by the Trustees for the

the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, and annexed to the Deeds of Consecration of such Chapels respectively (such Lists or Schedules nevertheless to be subject to the Approval of the Lord Bishop of London fur the Time heing); all which said respective, yearly Rents or Sums shall be paid by the Possessors and Occupiers of the Pews or Seats to the said Trustees for the Time being, or to their Receiver to their or his Receipt or Receipts, by yearly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day. of March in each Year, but each of which yearly Payments is to be paid in advance, and to be computed from the respective Times of letting such Pews or Seats.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time heing of the said Chapels respectively, with the Consent in Writing of the Curates or Officiating Ministers thereof respectively, and also of the said Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, to alter any such Yearly Renta or Sums; and in every such Case a new Last or Schedule of Rents or Sums, and the Pews or Seats on which the same shall be respectively charged, shall be signed by the said Curates or Officiating Ministers of the said Chapels respectively, and the said Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, and shall be deposited with the Deed of Consecration of the Chapel in respect of which such yearly Rents or Sums shall be altered; such last-mentioned Rents to be paid by such yearly Payments as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat or any Part thereof shall happen to be behind <md unpaid by the Space of Three Months next after the same shall become due, and Notice in Writing demanding Payment thereof shall have been piven to the Owner or Occupier of such Seat or Pew, then the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels shall and may enter upon and hold such Seat or Pew, and let tae same to any other Person or Persons, in such Manner as such Trustees shall think proper; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to recover the said Rent so in arrear by Action of Debt or upon the Case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, to be brought against the Owner or Owners or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in the Names of the Trustees for the Time being.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or their Receiver shall keep separate Accounts of what shall be received in respect of the Rents so to be reserved as aforesaid on Leases of the Pewa and Seats in the said Three Chapels respectively, so that the Rents to he reserved in respect of each of the said Chdpels may be applied as after mentioned, for the exclusive Benefit of such Chapels respectively, or otherwise, as hereinafter mentioned; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint from time to time such Persons as they shall think fit to be the Receivers of such respective Rents, and, at their Discretion, to revoke the Appointment of the Persons so appointed, and to appoint any other Persons in their Stead, and also in like Manner from time to time to appoint a Treasurer of the said Trust Funds, and if they shall think fit, and at their Discretion, to revoke such Appointment and to appoint another Person in his Stead; and upon

Z 4* further

Trustees may alter Pew Rents, with the Consent of the Officiating Ministers and the Bishop of London.

Mode of proceeding when Pew Rente are in arrear.

Trustees to keep Accounts of Rente of Pews.

Trustees may appoint Receivers of the Rente, and a Treasurer.

344

C. 59.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.* A.D. 183a

Applicadoi of l|ic Rents.

further Trust that the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively do and shall, by and out of the Rents and Profits to be payable for the Time being in respect of the said Seats or Pews, apply such Sum or Sums of Money as the said respective Trustees for the Time being shall think fit, in effecting any Insurance of the said Chapels, and the Seats, Pews, Organ, Furniture, and other Articles and Chattels therein; against Loss or Damage by Fire, in any of the Public Offices of Insurance in the Cities' of London or Westminster, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees may in their Discretion think proper, and do and shall pay the annual or other Premiums for keeping such Insurances on foot, and do and shall, in case of any such Loss or Damage by Fire happening as aforesaid, apply the Money to be recoverable on the Policy or Policies of Insurance in or towards rebuilding or repairing the said Chapels respectively to which such Loss or Damage by Fire shall happen, and in repairing or replacing the Seats, Pews, Organs, Furniture, and other Articles therein respectively which shall be so destroyed or damaged, in order to restore the said Premises to the same state and Condition in which the same were previous to the Time of the happening of such Fire; and do and shall from time to time, by and out of such Rents and Profits, apply such Sum or Sums of Money as the said respective Trustees for the Time being shall think fit, in cleans* ing, glazing, painting, embellishing, whitewashing, sustaining, and keeping in repair the said Chapels, both inside and outside, and the Seats, Pews, Galleries, Organs, and every Part of the Interior of the said Chapels, and the Furniture and other Chattels therein, and the Gates, Rails, Walls, or other Fences belonging to the said Chapels respectively, and in making and keeping in repair all such Alterations, Additions, and Improvements in or to the said Chapels as may at any Time hereafter be deemed proper or necessary by the said Trustees or the Trustees for the Time being; and do and shall, in the next place, by and out of the said Rents and Profits, pay the Expences of purchasing and providing, as far as may be requisite, Bibles and Prayer Books for the Use of the said Chapels, and Surplices and Vestments for the Use of the said Ministers or Chaplains for the Time being, and of providing from time to time such other Articles as are or shall be deemed necessary for the due and decent Performance of Divine Service and the Administration of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper in the said Chapels according to the Rites of the Church of England, and in paying all such other Costs, Charges, and Expences as shall be incurred by or under the Direction of the said Trustees respectively for the Time being about the Execution of the Trusts herein declared, not otherwise provided to be paid; and do and shall, in the next place, by and out of the said Rents and Profits, pay or cause to be paid to the said John Crofts and to the said John Percival and to the said Thomas White respectively, or other the Curates or Ministers for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, such annual Sums by way of Salaries or Stipends for their Services, not exceeding in che first Instance the Sum of Three hundred and fifty Pounds for each such Curate or Minister, but with Power for the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, cither for a limited Period or permanently, but with the Consent

of

C. 59.

345

of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, to increase such annual Salaries or Stipends to any Sum not exceeding Four hundred and fifty Pounds for any of such Curates or Ministers, in case the Trust Funds or Monies shall in the Opinion of the said Trustees authorize such Increase to any one or more of the said Curates or Ministers, such Sums for the Time being so payable to the said Curates or Ministers respectively to be paid to them by equal half-yearly Payments, free from all Deductions, and the first half-yearly Payment of the said annual Sums of Three hundred and fifty Pounds to be made on the Twenty fifth Day of December now next ensuing; and do and shall, out of the said Rents and Profits, pay to the Receiver so to be appointed of such Rents as aforesaid, and also to the Treasurer so to be appointed as aforesaid, and to the Clerks, Organists, and all other Persons whom it shall be deemed necessary to be employed in and about the said Chapels, and may be engaged to assist in the Celebration of Divine Service, and to such Pew-openers as shall or may be employed to attend the said Chapels, (which Clerks, Organists, and Pew-openers shall be appointed by the Ministers for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, and shall be removable at the Pleasure of the said Ministers for the Time being respectively, with the Consent of the said Trustees, or the Trustees for the Time bein ^,) such yearly Salaries or Wages as to the said Trustees respectively for the Time being shall seem proper; and after Payment of the Sums herein-before directed to be paid and applied as aforesaid out of the said Rents and Profits of the said Chapels respectively, and after Payment of such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, the said Trustees, or the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, or their Treasurer, (subject to and under their Controul and Direction,) shall from time to time lay out and invest the Residue of the Rents and Profits to arise from letting the said Pews or Seats within the said Three Chapels respectively in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, and shall receive the Interest and Dividends of such Bank Annuities, and the Interest and Dividends of the Bank Annuities to be purchased as after mentioned, and lay out and invest the same from time to time in the Purchase, in their Names, of like Bank Annuities, to the Intent that such several Bank Annuities may accumulate.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said several Bank Annuities so to be purchased as last aforesaid shall be held by the said Trustees respectively for the Time being of the said Chapels in such Shares as shall appear to have resulted from the Surplus of the Rents and Profits arising from the Seats, Pews, Vaults, and Cellars of such Chapels respectively, as a Fund by Slale or Transfer whereof to raise Money from time to time for defraying the Costs and Expences of rebuilding or reinstating the said Chapels, and the Seats, Pews, Organs, and other Furniture and Chattels therein, in case the same or any of them shall be wholly destroyed or injured by Fire or other Accident, or in rebuilding or substantially repairing the said Chapels when the same may become dilapidated, and in fitting new Pews or Seats, and providing other internal Chattels, Ornaments, or Conveniences, as

may

Bank Annul- ' ties to be vested in the Trustees.

346

a 59.

11° GEO. IY. & 1° GUL. IV; A.D. 1830.

Power of making general Regulations vested in the Trustees.

Meetings of Trustees, and their Duties at such Meetings.

may be deemed requisite: Provided nevertheless, that if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Rents and Profits payable in respect of the said Seats or Pews shall be insufficient to discharge the annual or other Payments herein-before directed to be made thereout respectively, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Trustees for the Time being in execution of the Trusts herein-before declared, it shall be lawful for the respective Trustees for the Time being of the said Bank Annuities, by and out of the Dividends, or by Sale and Transfer of a competent Fart of the Capital thereof, that shall be held in Trust for the Chapel, the Rents and Profits of which shall be so insufficient as aforesaid, to levy and raise from time to time such a Sum or Sums of Money as shall enable them to satisfy and discharge the Deficiency, and to pay and apply the Sum or Sums of Money so to he levied and raised in Payment and Satisfaction of such Deficiency accordingly *

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Regulation of all Matters and Things relating to the said Chapels (subject nevertheless to the particular Directions and Regulations herein contained) shall be under the Direction of the said Trustees or the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, but subject to the Approbation of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being; and that every Order to be made or Act to be done by the said Trustees respectively shall be made or done at some Meeting to be holden for the Purpose of executing the Trusts herein expressed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That a Meeting of the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively shall be holden in the Vestry-rooms of the said Chapels, or in some other convenient Place within the said Parish, on some convenient Day or Days of the Month of March in every Year, for the Purpose of inspecting the State and Condition of the said Chapels and Premises, and of directing the Repairs thereof, (such Repairs, if exceeding by Estimate the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Chapel, to be done by Contract in Writing under the Hands of Workmen undertaking the same, and specifying the precise Sum for which the same are to be done,) and for auditing the Accounts and paying the Bills of the then preceding Year and generally for settling the Adairs and Concerns of the said Trust Premises; and upon every which Occasion Accounts shall be regularly made up with respect to each of the said Three Chapels, and the Balance struck, and entered in the Books hereinafter directed to be kept, and signed by the Trustees; and further, that a proper Book shall be kept at all Times in a Box or Chest in the Vestry-room of each Chapel, for entering all Transactions, Matters, or Things done or to be done, and all Costs and Expences, Payments and Disbursements, and other Matters and Things relating to the Business and Affairs of the said Chapels respectively, to which Books the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively shall have free Access, at reasonable Times of the Day, to peruse, examine, and copy out the same; and that all Vouchers and Receipts for Payments and Disbursements on account of each Chapel shall be at all Times kept in the said Box or Chest, to be deposited in the Vestry-room of each Chapel, of

which

347

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & GUL. IV: C. 59.

which Box or Chest each of the Trustees for the Time being shall have a Key.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees or the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively shall apply, or their Treasurer for the Time being shall (subject to and under their Controul and Direction) apply, all Monies which shall or may come to their Hands as Trustees by Donation or Bequest, and regarding which no other Mode of Application shall be directed by the Donors or Testators, upon or for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes as are herein-before declared concerning the Surplus of the aforesaid Rents and Profits herein-before directed to be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Bank Annuities as aforesaid, or upon and for such other Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, with reference to the said Chapels, and the Benefit and Advantage of the Ministers for the Time being, and to the Comfort and Convenience of such Persons as shall resort thereto, as the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, shall think proper.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Board commonly called "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues," shall be discontinued, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint some Person to act as Trustee with the said Rectors for the Time being respectively; and also upon the Death, re* moval, or declining to act of the Person to be so nominated and appointed, or of any other Person to be thereafter nominated and appointed in pursuance of this present Power, to nominate and appoint from time to time some other Person to act as Trustee with the said Rectors for the Time being respectively; and that upon every such Nomination and Appointment being so made as aforesaid, the said Two Chapels called Portland Chapel and Oxford Chapel, with their respective Appurtenances, shall become vested in the Rector for the Time being of the said District Rectory called All Souk, and the Person so to be appointed to act as Trustee with him as aforesaid, as a Body Corporate; and that the said Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, with the Appurtenances, shall become vested in the Rector for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Mary4e»bone, and the Person so to be appointed to act as Trustee with him as aforesaid, as a Body Corporate; and that from and after any such Appointment shall be made as aforesaid, the said Chapels called Portland Chapel and Oxford Chapel, with their respective Appurtenances, shall be held by the Rector for the Time being of the said District Rectory called All Souls, and the Person to be appointed to act as Trustee with him, upon such Trusts as are herein-before declared concerning the same, and with the same Powers and Authorities as are herein-before given to the said' William Viscount Lmnther and George Chandler, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect; and that from and after any such Appointment shall be so made as aforesaid, the said Chapel called Welbeck Chapel, with the Appurtenances, shall be held by the Rector for the Time

being

Mode of applying Monies which may come to the Hands of the Trustees by Donation or Bequest, where not otherwise directed.

Commissioners of the Treasury may appoint new Trustees in the Place of the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, &c. in the Event of that Board being discontinued.

Trustees to be indemnified against Costs, &c.

Saving the Rights of the Rectors of All Souls and Mary-le-bone;

and of the Bishop of London.

Sunk Island constituted a Parish.

being of the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and the Person to be appointed to act as Trustee with him, upon such Trusts as are herein-before declared concerning the same, and with the same Powers and Authorities as are herein-before given to the said William Viscount Lowther and John Hume Spry, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Trustees for the Time being of the said Chapels respectively, by and out of the said Trust Monies and Premises, to deduct and retain to themselves respectively all such Costs and Expences as shall be incurred by them or any of them in the Execution of any of the Trusts aforesaid; and that they or any of them shall not be responsible for any such Treasurer or Receiver as aforesaid, and that the said Trustees or any of them shall not be chargeable further than with or for their own respective Receipts, Acts, or Defaults, and that they or any of them shall not be accountable for any Loss in depositing the said Trust Monies or any Part thereof with, any Banker for safe Custody, nor for any other involuntary Loss or Misfortune in any of the said Trust Transactions; and that the Receipts of the Trustees for the Time being, or of any one of them, or of their Treasurer, for all Monies to be paid to them or him, shall be effectual Discharges to the Person or Persons paying the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the Minister for the Time being of Portland Chapel or Oxford Chapel to receive or claim any Surplice or other Fees or Emoluments of Right or by Custom due or payable to the Rector for the Time being of All Souls, or the Minister for the Time being of Wdbeck Chapel to receive or claim any Surplice or other Fees or Emoluments of Right or by Custom due or payable to the Rector for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, but that the said Rectors for the Time being respectively shall at all Times hereafter continue to be entitled to such Surplice and other Fees and Emoluments* and to receive the customary Fees payable in respect of any Licence or Authority given by them respectively for erecting any Monuments within or outside the said Chapels respectively, and to which Fees the said Rectors respectively may be entitled; and that the said Rectors for the Time being respectively shall be entitled to the Privilege of performing Divine Service in the said Chapels respectively, as often as they respectively shall think proper; and that nothing herein contained shall extend to invalidate or prejudice the Jurisdiction or any of the Rights or Powers of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, in, over, or relating to the said Chapels.

XX. And whereas His Majesty is seised to Him, His Heirs and 1 Successors, in Right of His Crown, of a certain Estate called

Sunk Island, situate in the River Humber, on Part of which ' Estate the Lessees of the Crown and their Tenants have, at their own Expence, erected a Chapel called the Suttk Island Chapel,

and have appropriated and inclosed a Piece of Land as a Burial 1 Ground thereto: And whereas it would be greatly for the Bene-

fit and Advantage of the Inhabitants for the Time being of Sunk

Island that the said Island should be constituted a Parish, and

that

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & lc GUL. IV. C. 59.

349

that the said Chapel should be consecrated as a Church, and be set apart as a Place of Divine Worship, and that an annual Stipend should be provided for the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Parish Church, and that other Provisions should be made concerning the same Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Island called Sunk Island shall from and after the passing of this Act be formed into and be made and become a Parish, to be called The Parish of Sunk Island in the County of York "

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Chapel so erected The Chapel and built as last aforesaid shall from and after the passing of this erected tiiere to Act be called The Parish Church of Sunk Island in the Province "u^hthe«K of York, and Archdeaconry of the East Riding of the County of u£nd. York" and that the said Church shall be kept in repair, and the Pulpit, Seats, Pews, Galleries, Bells, and other Furniture and Chat* tel8 in and belonging to the said Church, shall be repaired and renewed from time to time, and the Churchyard or Bunal Ground kept in repair and well fenced, at the Costs and Charges of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Amount of all such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Parish for the Time being according to an annual Assessment to be made upon them by the Churchwardens for the Time being, and shall be recovered by such and the same Means as any other Parochial Charge is by Law authorized to be recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church shall The Church t* be endowed and the same is hereby endowed with all and singular be endowed as the Privileges, Rights, Profits, and Advantages thereunto belong- of ing or appertaining, according to and for the Purposes of this Act,

and shall be set apart and dedicated to and for the Service of incorporated. Almighty God as and for a Place of Divine Worship according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, for ever, (the same being first duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England,) and shall and is hereby declared to be a separate and distinct Perpetual Cure and Benefice under the Name of The Church of Sunk Island", and that the present and every future Minister of the said Church shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this Act to be incorporated and made a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Officiating Minister of the Church of Sunk Island," and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled to sue by that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and the said Church, and Churchyard or Burial Ground belonging thereto, shall be vested in the said Minister and his Successors for the Time being for ever; and the said Church, and the Minister thereof, and also the Person or Persons who shall act as or in the Nature of a Churchwarden thereof for the Time being, shall be under and subject to the Order and Jurisdiction of the said Lord Archbishop of York and the Archdeacon of the East Riding of the County of York, and their Successors, for the Time being, and shall be visited as other Churches and Chapels within the said Province of York and Archdeaconry are visited.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, Free Disposition, and Nomination of, in, and to the said Church, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act

The Adrowson vested in His Majesty.

After Consecration, Marriages may be celebrated therein.

Marriages, &q. to be registered.

Commissioners of Woods and Forests to purchase 8, 333L 6m. 8d. in the 3 per Gent. Consdls in the Names of the Trustees herein men-dotted, and Dividends thereof to be paid to the Minister.

Appointment of n$w Trustees of the Stock.

G.59< IP GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Act appertain to and the same are hereby vested in the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted and released from and against all Estates* Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever of any Person or Persons whomsoever, except as Ordinary of the said Church, and such other Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction as may be necessary.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Consecration of the said Church, Banns of Matrimony may be published and Marriages celebrated therein, in such Manner and under Such Restrictions and Regulations as the same can or may by Law be published or celebrated in Parish Churches or Public Chapels where Banns and Marriages are published and celebrated; and that every such Marriage shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, provided that all such Banns and Marriages shall be published and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons ia force within this Realm in that Behalf.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Marriages, Christenings, and Burials had and solemnized within the said Church shall be registered in Public Registers to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in manner and for the Purposes as by Law directed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall, out of the Produce of the Land Revenues of the Crown, purchase the Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the joint Names of the Right Honourable end Most Reverend Edward Lord Archbishop of York, or the Lord Archbishop of York for the Time being, and of the said William Viscount Lowther, First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the First Commissioner for the Time being thereof; and that the Trustees for the Time being of the said last-mentioned Capital Sum shall pay the Dividends and Interest thereof to the officiating Minister for the Time being of the said last-mentioned Church, or authoriae and empower him to receive the same, as and when the same shall become due and payable, as and for a Stipend or Salary for the Performance of his sacred Duties.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Death, Cession, or Translation of the said Edward Lord Archbishop of York, or of any future Lord Archbishop of York, cm* on the Death or Cesser to act of the said William Viscount Lowther as such First Commissioner as aforesaid, or of any future First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the said last-mentioned Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence shall be forthwith and from time to time transferred so as to become vested in the joint Names of the Lord Archbishop of York and the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, upon the Trusts herein-before declared concerning the same: Provided nevertheless, that if at any Time hereafter the Board commonly called "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues," shall be discontinued, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury

for

C. 59, 60.

351

A.D. 1830. H* GEO. IV. & P GUL. IV.

for thie Time being, by aby Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate apd appoint from time to time some Person to act as Trustee with the Lord Archbishop of York for the Time being, and also upon the Death, Removal, or declining to act of the Person so to be appointed, or of any other Person to be thereafter nominated and appointed in pursuance of this present Power, to nominate and appoint from time to time soipe other Person to act as Trustee with the Lord Archbishop of York for the Time being; and that upon every Nomination and Appointment being so made as aforesaid, the said last-mentioned Capital Sum of Eight thousand three hundred thirty:three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence shall be forthwith transferred so as to become vested in the joint Names of the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being and the Person so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, upon the Trusts herein-before declared concerning the same; and it is hereby declared, that the Costs and Charges attending the making every such Transfer as last aforesaid shall be paid out of the Divi*. dends and Interest of the said last-mentioned Stock.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices* and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LX.

An Act for amending the Laws respecting Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees and Mortgagees; and for enabling Courts oF Equity to give Effect to their Decrees and Orders in certain Cases.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed ita the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lana relating to 6 G.4. c. 74.

Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees fcho are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or Trustees of unsound Mindy or toho cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Law relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots,

Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind: And whereas an Act ' was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Second Year of

the Reign of Kinj* George the First, intituled An Act to enable 2 G.i. (I.)

Infants toko are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust or % by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates: And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the

Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled

An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics toho are seised or possessed 5 G.2. (I.)

of Estates in Fee or for Lives or Terms of Years, in Trust or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, or Assignments of Estates; and to prevent Delay in Suits in Equity, tthere Trustees are not found: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law in force in Ireland 7 G.4. c. 49.

relating Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested

4n Trustees: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of

the said Acts should be consolidated and enlarged; Be it therefore

C. 60.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Recited Acts repealed, except as herein mentioned.

Rules for the Interpretation of this Act.

Where Trustees or Mortgagees of Land are lunatic, the Lord Chancel.

fore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except so far as the same relate to Stock belonging beneficially to Infants or Lunatics, and also except as to such Proceedings of any Description, under the same Acts respectively, as shall nave been commenced before the passing of this Act, and which may be proceeded in according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts respectively, or according to the Provisions of this Act, as shall be thought expedient: Provided always, that the several Acts repealed by the said first-recited Act shall not be revived.

IL ' And inasmuch as, in order to avoid unnecessary Repetition, certain Words are used in this Act as describing Subjects

some of which, according to their usual Sense, such Words would

not embrace For the understanding of the Sense attached to them in this Act, be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall extend to and include the several other Estates and Persons, Matters and Things herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) those relating to Land, to any Manor, Messuage, Tenement, Hereditament, or Real Property, of whatever Tenure, and to Property of every Description transferable otherwise than in Books kept by any Company or Society, or any Share thereof or Interest therein; those relating to Stock, to any Fund, Annuity, or Security transferrable in Books kept by any Company or Society established or to be established, or to any Money payable for the Discharge or Redemption thereof, or any Share or Interest therein; those relating to Dividends, to Interest or other annual Produce; those relating to a Conveyance, to any Fine, Recovery, Release, Surrender, Assignment, or other Assurance, including all Acts, Deeds, and Things necessary for making and perfecting the same; those relating to a Transfer, to any Assignment, Payment, or other Disposition; those relating to a Lunatic, to any Idiot or Person of unsound Mind or incapable of managing his Affairs; those relating to an Heir, to any Devisee or other real Representative by the Common Law or by Custom or otherwise; and those relating to an Executor, to any Administrator or other personal Representative; unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; and whenever this Act, in describing or referring to any Trustee or other Person, or any Trust, Land, Conveyance, Matter, or Thing, uses the Word importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, the same shall be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Trust Lands, Stocks, Conveyances, Matters, or Things respectively, as well as one Trust Land, Stock, Conveyance, Matter, or Thing respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any Person seised or possessed of any Land upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage shall be lunatic, it shall be lawful for the Committee of the Estate of such Person, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor of Grrai

Britain,

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 60.

353

Britain, being intrusted by virtue of the King's Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind, to convey such Land, in the Place of such Trustee or Mortgagee, to such Person and in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor shall think proper; and every such Conveyance shall be as effectual as if the Trustee or Mortgagee, being lunatic, had been of sane Mind, Memory, and Understanding, and had made and executed the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any Stock shall be standing in the Name of any Person who shall be a Lunatic, as a Trustee or Executor, alone or jointly with any other Person, or shall continue to be standing in the Name of a deceased Person whose Executor shall be lunatic, or shall be otherwise vested in or transferable by any Person who shall be lunatic, for the Benefit of some other Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, instrusted as aforesaid, to direct the Committee of the Estate of any such Lunatic to transfer or join in transferring such Stock to or into the Name of such Person and in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor shall think proper, and also to order such Person appointed as aforesaid to receive and pay over or join in receiving and paying over the Dividends of such Stock in such Manner as thfe said Lord Chancellor shall direct; and every such Transfer, Receipt, and Payment shall be as effectual as if the Person being lunatic had been of sane Mind, Memory, and Understanding, and had transferred, received, and paid, or joined in transferring, receiving, and paying, such Stock or Dividends.

V. And be it further enacted, That whefe any such Person as aforesaid being lunatic shall not have been found such by Inquisition, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to direct any Person whom the said Lord Chancellor may think proper to appoint for that Purpose, in the Place of such last-mentioned Lunatic, to convey or join in conveying such Land, or to transfer or join in transferring such Stock, and receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, as herein-before is mentioned; and every such Conveyance, Transfer, Receipt, or Payment shall be as effectual as if the said Person being lunatic had been of sane Mind, Memory, and Understanding, and had made, done, or executed the same; but where any Sum of Money shall be payable to such Lunatic, no such last-mentioned Order shall be made if such Sum of Money shall exceed Seven hundred Pounds; and where any Sum not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds shall be payable to such Lunatic, and any such Order shall be made, the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct to whom and in what Manner the Money so payable shall be paid; and every Payment made in pursuance of such Direction shall effectually discharge the Person paying the same from the Money which he shall so pay.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person seised or possessed of any Land upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for such Infant, by the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to convey the same to such Person and in such Manner as the said

11 6eo.IV. & 1 Gul.IV. A a Court

lor may direct the Committees of such Persona to convey Land;

or may direct the Committee or other Person to transfer Stocks or Funds standing in the Name of a lunatic Trustee, and receive the Dividends.

Lord Chancellor, before Inquisition, may appoint a Person to convey or transfer.

Infant Trustees or Mortgagees empowered to convey by the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

354?

C. 60.

ll° GEO. IV.& 1*GUL.IV; A.D. 1830.

Infant Trustees or Mortgagees of Iamd within the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Lancaster, Chester, Durham, and Wales.

When Trustees of Real Estates are out of the Jurisdiction, or it is uncertain whether they be alive, or who may be the Heir, the Court of Chancery may appoint a Person to convey:

When Trustees of Leasehold Estates are out of the Jurisdiction, &c.

Court shall think proper; and every such Conveyance shall be as effectual as if the infant Trustee or Mortgagee had been, at the Time of making or executing the same, of the Age of Twenty* one Years.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person seised or possessed upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage of any Land situated within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham respectively, or the Principality of Wales, shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for such Infant, by the Direction of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, the Court of Exchequer in the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Durham, and the several Courts of Great Session in Wales respectively, as to Premises within the Jurisdiction of the same Courts respectively, to convey such Lands to such Person and in such Manner as the said Courts respectively shall think proper, in like Manner as such Infant is herein-before empowered to convey the same by the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person seised of any Land upon any Trust shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery, or it shall be uncertain, where there were several Trustees, which of them was the Survivor, or it shall be uncertain whether the Trustee last known to have been seised as aforesaid be living or dead, or, if known to be dead, it shall not be known who is his Heir; or if any Trustee seised as aforesaid, or the Heir of any such Trustee, shall neglect or refuse to convey such Land for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a proper Deed for making such Conveyance shall have been tendered for his Execution by, or by an Agent duly authorized by, any Person entitled to require the same; then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to direct any Person whom such Court may think proper to appoint for that Purpose, in the Place of the Trustee or Heir, to convey such Land to such Person and in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper; and every such Conveyance shall be as effectual as if the Trustees seised as aforesaid, or his Heir, had made and executed the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Person possessed of any Land for any Term of Years upon any Trust shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery, or it shall be uncertain whether the Trustee last known to have been possessed as aforesaid be living or dead; or if any Trustee possessed as aforesaid, or the Executor of any such Trustee, shall neglect or refuse to assign or surrender such Land for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a proper Deed for making such Assignment or Surrender shall have been tendered for his Execution by, or by an Agent duly authorized by, any Person entitled to require the same; then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to direct any Person whom such Court may think proper to appoint for that Purpose, in the Place of the Trustee or Executor, to assign or surrender such Land to such

Person

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 60. 355

Person and in such Manner as the Court shall think proper; and every such Assignment or Surrender shall be as effectual as if the Trustee possessed as aforesaid, or his Executor, had made and executed the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Person in whose Trantfer of Name as a Trustee or Executor (either alone or together with Stocks or the Name of any other Person), or in the Name of whose Tes- Funds, tator (whether as a Trustee or beneficially) any Stock shall be standing, or any other Person who shall otherwise have Power to transfer or join with any other Person in transferring any Stock to

which some other Person shall be beneficially entitled, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery, or it shall be uncertain whether such Person be living or dead; or if any such Trustee or Executor or other Person shall neglect or refuse to transfer such Stock, or receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, to the Person entitled thereto or to any Part thereof respectively, or as he shall direct, for the Space of Thirty-one Days next after a Request in Writing for that Purpose shall have been made to any such Trustee or Executor or other Person by the Person entitled as aforesaid; then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to direct such Person as the said Court shall think proper to appoint for that Purpose, in the Place of such Trustee or Executor or other Person, to transfer or join in transferring such Stock to or into the Name of such Person and in such Manner as such Court shall direct, and also to order any Person appointed as aforesaid to receive and pay over or join in receiving and paying over the Dividends of such Stock in such Manner as the said Court shall direct; and every such Transfer, Receipt, and Payment shall be as effectual as if the said Trustee or Executor or other Person had transferred or joined in transferring such Stock, or had received and paid or joined in receiving and paying the said Dividends.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Direction or Order Directions or

to be made in pursuance of this Act by the Lord Chancellor, *offfe intrusted as aforesaid, or by the Court of Chancery, or by any by the

other Court herein-before mentioned, shall be signified by an Lord Chancel-Order to be made in any Cause depending in such Court res- lor, &c. under jpectively, or upon Petition in the Lunacy or Matter; and such the Authority Person as hereinafter is mentioned shall be the Petitioner, whether of this Act, to fcuch Person be or be not under any legal Disability; (that is to up01

say,) if the same shall relate to a Conveyance, Transfer, Receipt, °u *

or Payment to or in such Manner as may be directed by any Person beneficially entitled, then upon the Petition of the Person or some or one of the Persons beneficially entitled to the Land, Stock, or Dividends to be conveyed, transferred, received, or paid; and if the same shall relate to a Conveyance in order to vest any Land or Stock in a new Trustee duly appointed by virtue of some Power or Authority in some Instrument creating or declaring the Trusts of such Land or Stock, or by the Court of Chancery, either alone or together with any continuing Trustee, then upon the Petition either of the Trustee or some or one of the Trustees in whom the same shall be proposed to be vested, or of any Person having an Interest therein; and if the same shall relate to the Conveyance of an Estate in Mortgage, then upon the Petition of the

356

C. 60.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 183

Lord Chancellor or Court may direct a BUI to be filed to establish the Right.

Committees, Infants, &c. may be compelled to convey, transfer, &c.

Mortgage Money belonging to Infants to be paid into the Bank, or as the Court shall direct.

Act to extend to Trustees

Person or some or one of the Persons entitled to the Equity of Redemption thereof, or of the Person or some or one of the r*er- sons entitled to the Monies thereby secured, or the Guardian or Committee or some or one of the Guardians or Committees of the Person entitled to such Monies, if an Infant or Lunatic.

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That where, on account of the Length of Time which shall have elapsed since the Creation or last Declaration of a Trust, the' Title of the Person claiming a Conveyance or Transfer may appear to require deliberate Investigation in the Presence of all Parties interested, in order to prevent the vesting of the legal Estate in a Person who may not really be entitled to the Benefit thereof; or if under other Circumstances it shall appear to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, or any other Court herein-before mentioned, not proper to make an Order upon Petition; it shall be lawful for such Lord Chancellor or any such Court to direct a Bill to be filed to establish the Right of the Party seeking the Conveyance or Transfer, and upon the Establishment by a Decree of such Right, by the same Decree, or any Order in the Cause or in the Lunacy, or both, to direct a Conveyance or Transfer to be made according to the Intent of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Committee, Infant, or other Person directed by virtue of this Act to make ot join in making any Conveyance or Transfer or Receipt or Payment, shall and may be compelled, by the Order to be obtained as herein* before is mentioned, to make and execute the same in like Manner as Trustees of full Age, and of sane Mind, Memory, and Understanding, are compellable to convey, transfer, or receive and pay over the Trust Estates or Funds vested in them respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Person or any of the Persons to whom any Money shall be payable, in or toward* the Redemption or Discharge of any Mortgage or Incumbrance of which a Release or Conveyance shall be obtained under the Powers of this Act, shall be an Infant, it shall be lawful for the Person by whom such Money shall be payable to pay the same into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account in Trust in any Cause then depending in the said Court concerning such Money, or, if there shall be no such Cause, to the Credit of such Infant, subject to the Order and Disposition of the said Court respectively, or to such Person or Persons or in such other Manner as the said Court respectively shall direct; and the said Court shall and is hereby empowered to order any Money which shall so be paid into Court to be invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable; and every Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive any such Money is hereby required to give to the Person paying the same a Receipt for such Money; and such Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the Money therein respectively expressed to have been received.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, being in other respects within the Meaning of this Act, shall be and be

deemed

C. 60.

357

deemed to be a Trustee within the Meaning of this Act, notwith- living »n In standing he may have some beneficial Estate or Interest in the to

same Subject, or may have some Duty as Trustee to perform;"

but in every such Case, and in every Case of a Mortgagee (not being a naked Trustee), it shall be in the Discretion of the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the said Court of Chancery, if under the Circumstances it shall seem requisite, to direct a Bill to be filed to establish the Right of the Party seeking the Conveyance or Transfer, and not to make the Order for such Conveyance or Transfer unless by the Decree to be made in such Cause, or until after such Decree shall have been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Land shall Representatives have been contracted to be sold, and the Vendor or any of the Vendors to Vendors shall have departed this Life, either having received the vjtw^Jhj^Act, Purchase Money for the same or some Part thereof, or not having 9^er a Decree received any Part thereof, and a specific Performance of such for specific Contract, either wholly or as far as the same remains to be exe- Performance; cuted, or as far as the same by reason of the Infancy can be executed, shall have been decreed by the Court of Chancery in the Lifetime of such Vendor or after his Decease, and where One nuuie to be Person shall have purchased an Estate in the Name of another, but such Trustees, the nominal Purchaser shall, on the Face of the Conveyance, appear to be the real Purchaser, and there shall be no Declaration of Trust from him, and a Decree of the said Court, either before or after the Death of such nominal Purchaser, shall have declared such nominal Purchaser to be a Trustee for the real Purchaser, then and in every such Case the Heir of such Vendor, or such nominal Purchaser or his Heir, in whom the Premises shall be vested, shall be and be deemed to be a Trustee for the Purchaser within the Meaning of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Land shall Tenants for

have been contracted to be sold, and the Vendor or any of the of

Vendors shall have departed this Life, having devised the same in Settlement so as to be vested in any Person for Life or other ment> and coa limited Interest, with any Remainder, Limitation, or Gift over traded to be which may not be vested, or may be vested in some Person from sold, may be whom a Conveyance of the same cannot be obtained, or by way of directed to Executory Devise, and a specific Performance of such Contract, ^Det^fbi-either wholly or so far as the same remained to be executed, shall ^edfi^er-have been decreed by the Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for fonnaoce. the Court by whom such Decree shall be made, by the same or

any other Decree, or any Decretal Order, or upon Petition in the Cause, to direct any such Tenant for Life or other Person having a limited Interest, or the first Executory Devisee thereof, to convey the Fee Simple or other the whole Estate contracted to be sold to the Purchaser, or in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper; and every such Conveyance shall be as effectual as if the Person who shall make the 6ame were seised of the Fee Simple or other the whole Estate contracted to be sold.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions Ad to extend herein-before contained shall* extend to every other Case of a con- to other constructive Trust, or Trust arising or resulting by Implication of structive and Law; but in every such Case where the alleged Trustee has or ^n^hen claims a beneficial Interest adversely to the Party seeking a Con- declaredly

veyance Decree.

358

C. 60.

Husbands of Female Trustees to be deemed Trustees within the Act.

Provisions as to Lunacy to extend to all Persons compellable to convey.

Act to extend to Petitions, in Cases of Charity and Friendly Societies.

In certain Cases, the Lord Chancellor or Court of Chancery may appoint new Trustees upon Petition.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

veyance or Transfer, no Order shall be made for the Execution of a Conveyance or Transfer by such alleged Trustee until after it has been declared by the Court of Chancery, in a Suit regularly instituted in such Court, that such Person is a Trustee for the Person so seeking a Conveyance or Transfer; but this Act shall not extend to Cases upon Partition, or Cases arising out of the Doc-, trine of Election in Equity, or to a Vendor, except in any Case herein-before expressly provided for.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Feme Covert would be a Trustee, Mortgagee, Heir, or Executor, within the Provisions of this Act, if she were an Infant or Ltmatic, or out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or had refused or neglected as aforesaid to execute or make such Conveyance, Transfer, Receipt, or Payment as herein-before is mentioned, and the Concurrence of her Husband shall be necessary in any Conveyance, Transfer, Receipt, or Payment which ought to be made or executed by her as such Trustee, Mortgagee, Heir, or Executor, then and in any such Case such Husband, whether under any Disability or not, shall be and be deemed to be a Trustee within the Meaning of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions hereinbefore contained for obtaining Conveyances from any Person being lunatic shall extend to and include all Persons being lunatic who, by force of any Law for Payment of Debts out of Real Estate, would or hereafter may be compellable to convey any Land if of sound Mind.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions hereinbefore contained shall extend and be construed to extend to all Cases of Petitions in which the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, or any of the Judges thereof, is by Law authorized and empowered to grant Relief and make summary Orders without Suit, either in Matters of Charity, or relative to or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof, or in Matters relative to any Benefit or Friendly Societies, or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof.

XXII. And whereas Cases may occur, upon Applications by ' Petition under this Act for a Conveyance or Transfer, where the

recent Creation or Declaration of the Trust or other Circumstances may render it safe and expedient for the Lord Chancellor, 4 intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery (as the Case may require), to direct, by an Order upon such Petition, a Canveyance or Transfer to be made to a new Trustee or Trustees,

without compelling the Parties seeking such Appointment to file a Bill for that Purpose, although there is no Power in any (Deed or Instrument creating or declaring the Trusts of such Land or Stock to appoint new Trustees; Be it therefore further enacted, That in any such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the said Court of Chancery, to appoint any Person to be a new. Trustee, by an Order to be made on a Petition to be presented for a Conveyance or Transfer under this Act, after hearing all such Parties as the said Court shall think necessary; and thereupon a Conveyance or Transfer

shall

C. 60.

359

shall and may be made and executed, according to the Provisions herein-before contamed, to or so as to vest such Land or Stock in such new Trustee, either alone or jointly with any surviving or continuing; Trustee, as effectually and in the same Manner as if such new Trustee had been appointed under a Power in any Instrument creating or declaring the Trusts of such Land or Stock, or in a Suit regularly instituted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where all the Persons in whom any Land may have been vested, in Trust for any Charity or charitable or public Purpose, shall be dead, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, on the Petition of the Persons or Body administering such Charity or superintending such public Purpose, or of any Person on behalf thereof, to direct any Master or other Officer of the said Court to cause Two successive Advertisements to be inserted in the London Gazette and in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in the County, City, or Place where such Land shall be situated, giving Notice that the Representative of the last surviving Trustee do within Twenty-eight Days appear or give Notice of his Title to such Master or other Officer, and prove his Pedigree or other Title as Trustee; and if no Person shall appear to give such Notice within such Twenty-eight Days, or the Person who may appear or give such Notice shall not, within Thirty-one Days after such Appearance or Notice, prove his Title to the Satisfaction of such Master or other Officer, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court to appoint any new Trustees for such Charity or charitable or public Purpose; and such Land may be conveyed to such new Trustees by any Person whom the said Court respectively may direct for that Purpose, by virtue of the Provisions m this Act, without the Necessity of any Decree.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where in any Suit commenced or to be commenced in the Court of Chancery it shall be made to appear to the Court by Affidavit that diligent Search and Inquiry has been made after any Person made a Defendant who is only a Trustee, to serve him with the Process of the Court, and that he cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said Court to hear and determine such Cause, and to make such absolute Decree therein against every Person who shall appear to them to be only a Trustee, and not otherwise concerned m Interest in the Matter in question, in such and the same Manner as if such Trustee had been duly served with the Process of the Court, and had appeared and filed his Answer thereto, and had also appeared by his Counsel and Clerk at the Hearing of such Cause: Provided always, that no such Decree shall bind, affect, or in anywise prejudice any Person against whom the same shall be made without Service of Process upon him as aforesaid, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or in respect of any Estate, Right, or Interest which such Person shall have at the Time of making such Decree, for his own Use or Benefit, or otherwise than as a Trustee as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, and the Court of Chancery, may order the Costs and Expences of and relating to the Petitions, Orders, Directions, Conveyances, and Transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the

Land

Court of Chancery empowered, to appoint new Trustees of Charities.

Manner of Proceeding where Trustees, Defendants in Equity, cannot be found.

Costs may be directed to be paid.

C. 60.

.11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Powers given to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain;

which may be exercised by the Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

Powers given to the Lord Chancellor^ extend to the Lord Keeper and Commis-soners.

Powers given to the Court of Chancery in England;

which may be exercised by the Court of Exchequer.

Powers given to Courts in England may be exercised by the same Courts in Ireland.

Who shall be named in the Orders of the Court for making Transfers.

Land or Stock or the Rents or Dividends in respect of which the same respectively shall be made, or in such other Manner as the said Lord Chancellor or Court shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall extend to all Land and Stock within any of the Dominions, Plantations, and Colonies belonging to His Majesty (except Scotland and Ireland).

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, with respect to all Land and Stock in Ireland.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, intrusted as aforesaid; and the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, intrusted as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery in England shall extend to all Land and Stock within any of the Dominions, Plantations, and Colonies belonging to His Majesty (except Scotland).

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery, and the Provisions contained in this Act relating to the said Court, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given and extended to the Court of Exchequer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England, and the Provisions contained in this Act relating to the same Courts, shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given and extended to the several Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland, with respect to all Land and Stock in Ireland.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai in all Cases in which Orders shall be made, in pursuance of this Act, for the Transfer of Stock, the Person to be named in such Older for making such Transfer shall either be the Committee of the Estate of the Person being lunatic in whose Place such Transfer shall be made, or a Co-trustee or Co-executor of the Person in whose Place such Person shall be directed to transfer, or some Officer of the Company or Society in whose Books the same respectively shall be directed to be made; and where such Transfer shall be directed to be made in Books kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, such Officer shall be the Secretary or Deputy Secretary or Accountant General for the Time being of the said Governor and Company, or his Depnty.

361

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV, & 1° GUL. IV. C. 60, 6I.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all other Companies and Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts and Things done orpermitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that such Acts and Tnings shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to regulate the Applotment of County Rates and Cesses in Ireland, in certain Cases.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Amendment of public Road *, for directing the Power of Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for that Purpose, it is enacted, that the Clerk of the Crown of every County in Ireland shall, within Four Days after every Assizes,

deliver to the Treasurer of such County Copies of all Presentments, made at such Assizes, and that such Treasurer shall, 4 within One Month after he shall have received such Copies of the Presentments, issue his Warrants to the several Persons who under the Provisions of the said Act are to be the Collectors for levying and collecting the Sums to be raised off each Barony and Half Barony of such County, and that every Person empowered to receive such Warrants, to whom the same shall be sent, shall, 4 within Ten Days after he shall have received such Warrant, 4 deliver or send to the Seneschal or Churchwardens of each Manor, Parish, or Denomination of Land contained in such Warrant, (or in case there shall be no Seneschal or Churchwarden of the same, then to any principal residing Inhabitant,

if he shall be required so to do by any Two Landholders, of any such Manor, Parish, or Denomination of Land, or if he shall deem it necessary so to do,) an Account in Writing, signed by himself, of the Sum he is required by the said Warrant to levy upon such Manor, Parish, or Denomination, and to desire that such Sum may be applotted thereon; and every Person receiving such Account is required to convene a Meeting of the Landholders and Inhabitants of such Manor, Parish, or Denomination,

1 to choose Two or more Persons to applot the said Sum fully and justly, which Applotment shall be delivered within Thirty Days to the Person who shall have been empowered to collect the same; and such Collector is authorized to collect the Sum so applotted by Sale and Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons who shall appear by the said Applotment to be liable to pay the same: And whereas the Applotters so chosen have in some Instances applotted on barren Lands, which never had within the Memory of Man, previous to such Applotment, paid any County Cess or Rates, an acreable Sum at as high a Rate as the most fertile and valuable Lands were assessed to; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and

Act to be an Indemnity to the Bank and other Companies.

30 G.S. (I.)

C. 61.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

liable to the County Cea.

7 G.4. c. 62.

Penalty for applotting such Lands.

49 G.3. c. 84.

6 G.4. c. 99.

and Commons, in this present Fhrit&ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no barren Lands which never hare been assessed to the County Rates within the Memory of Man, previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, shall be liable thereto, save and except so much of such Parts thereof as shall have been or shall be, since the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six brought into Cultivation (and also save and except as is hereinafter further excepted), until the County Cem on the Barony or Half Barony in which such Manor, Parish, or Denomination is situate shall be imposed, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to make Provision for the unform Valuation of Lands and Tenements within the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Dromone of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equattylevying the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes, and Dvmsiasu respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if an Applotter or Applotters so appointed shall, after the passing of this Act, wilfully applot any County Rate or Cess to be raised and levied off such barren Lands as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such unlawful Applotment forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties imposed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Irish Road Acts, and by another Act passed (in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes, and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same, Provisions have been enacted to enable Grand Juries to form Tables and present them as the Tables by which the several Manors, Parishes, and Denominations in Baronies and Half Baronies should be proportionably rated for the Purpose of levying all Money to be raised thereon by Presentments of Grand Juries: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Acts respectively, certain Tables have been formed or are now in progress, but Presentments of the same have not been made by any Grand Juries; and it is deemed expedient that further Enactments should be made for the Purpose of fairly assessing and applotting the County Levies; and it is expedient to amena the said Acts for the Purpose of affording the Benefit thereof to such County or Counties in Ireland as have had Tables of the Names of the several Baronies, Parishes, Manors, Denominations, 4 or other Divisions of Lands within such County, with the Contents thereof, formed pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, 4 containing the relative annual Value as well as the Names and Contents of the several Baronies, Parishes, Manors, Denominations, or other Divisions of Lands, from which such Levies should be collected; Be it therefore enacted, That in any

County,

C. 61

963

County, County of a City or County of a Town in /mturf, where Wbm ftuda Funds have been raised by and under Presentments of Grand Juries to provide for the Expences of forming County Books* for the Purpose of equalizing the County Levies, and that Tables have been formed of the Names of the several Baronies, Parishes, and l&fe, tW Manors, Denominations, or other Divisions within such County, Grand Jmy for such Purpose, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act of the present, Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, together with the acreable Contents and relative annual 8

Value thereof respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of each and every County, County of a City, and County of a town in Ireland, so circumstanced, and they are hereby required, at the Summer or Spring Assizes next ensuing the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent Assizes, to present such County Books, Barony Books, and Tables so formed as aforesaid, to be the County Books and Tables by which the several Baronies, Parishes, Manors, Denominations, or other Divisions of Land, Borough Towns, and Towns Corporate therein contained and set forth, shall in future be proportionably rated, until it shall be found necessary or expedient to alter or amend the same as hereinafter provided, for the Purpose of levying all Money to be raised thereon under Presentments of Grand Juries, according to their respective acreable Contents, relative annual Value, and Scale or Scales of Proportions of such Sums to be raised as are set forth and recorded in such County Books and Tables aforesaid, as well for the Applotment of the due Proportion which each Barony, Half Barony, Parish, Manor, Denomination, Division, Borough Town, and Town Corporate should pay off the gross Levy on the County at large, as for the Applotment of all Baronial and Parochial Presentments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Treasurers of for the Treasurer of each County, County of a City, or County Ccwmi»fc>ap-of a Town, and he is hereby required, to applot or cause to be sewaT111 applotted the Amount of the several Grand Jury Presentments of Grand Jury each and every future Assizes, subsequent to the Presentments of Preaentmanta such County Books and Tables as aforesaid, upon the several according to Baronies, Manors, Parishes, Denominations, and Divisions of Lands, ^*^resaid Borough Towns, Towns Corporate, or Liberties, in the said Tabkt* County Books contained and set forth, in the Proportion and according to the Tables, Scale and Scales of the Applotments laid down and recorded in such County Books and Applotment Tables aforesaid, as the same apply to the several Denominations and Di-visiona therein contained respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Sum which shall be in arrear and unpaid of any Grand Jury Levy to be raised at any Time after the passing of this Act by or out of any Barony or Half Barony, Division, Townland, or Denomination, Borough Town or Town Corporate, or by or out of any Part or Portion thereof respectively, or out of the Liberties thereof, to be levied therefrom distinctly, and according to the Tables aforesaid, upon just Cause being shown and due Diligence used to collect the same, in the first instance, by the High Constable or Collector to whom the Treasurer's Warrant had been directed to levy and collect the same, or by his Deputy or Deputies duly authorized by him to act on his Behalf.

C. 61.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Applottera to applet Lands according to their relative annual Value.

Collectors may levy by Distress, if necessary, the Sums required to be collected.

In Actions the Defendant may plead the General Issue.

Grand Jury may levy Expences incurred in making and defending Distresses.

V. And be it also further enacted, That in Counties where such County Books shall have been made and presented as aforesaid, the several Persons who shall be chosen Applotters according to the Provisions of the Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, herein-before recited, shall applot the several Sums so to be levied upon such Manors, Parishes, or Denominations fairly and justly, according to the relative annual Value of the several Subdivisions of the Lands therein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every High Constable and Collector to whom such Treasurer's Warrant shall be directed, and for his Deputy and Deputies duly authorized to act on his Behalf, to levy by Distress, if need be, all Sums of Money which he shall be by said Warrant required to collect from the several Denominations iu such Warrant contained, and as the same shall be therein applotted, according to the Provisions herein contained, giving the regular Notices, and performing the Requisites prescribed by Law for his Government in the doe Execution of his Office, and also giving Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Sale Twenty-four Hours at the least before such Sale shall take place, to expose such Distress to public Auction and Sale at any Time and Place he shall find convenient, within Four Days from the Period of the Seizure thereof, and to proceed to sell, during the Day-time only, to the best Bidder, such Distress, or a competent Part thereof to provide for the Amount in arrear and unpaid of the Sum he has been required to collect, together with One Shilling in the Pound for his Fees thereon, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Distress or Distresses: Provided always, that every High Constable, Collector, or other Person duly authorized, who shall receive or levy Money under the Provisions of this Act, shall and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for the same, if demanded, which Receipt shall specify the Amount paid, the Name of the Person paying the same, and also the Denomination or Subdivision of Land out of or on account of which such Payment shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action arising out of or in consequence of or for the Defence of any Distress taken by or under the Authority of any High Constable acting in obedience to the Treasurer's Warrant, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue, or, in any Suit in Replevin arising out of or in consequence thereof, avow the taking of such Distress by virtue of the Treasurers Warrant, and that suck Avowry shall be deemed and is hereby declared to be a valid Plea in Law, whereupon the Parties shall join Issue, without further Plea or Demurrer or Form whatever, and proceed to Trial on the Merits only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Grand Juries in Ireland to present, to be levied on the County at large, County of a City, or County of a Town, or on any Barony or Half Barony, as shall appear just and expedient to such Jury and to the Judge of Assize, all Costs and Expences incurred in making and defending such Distress and Distresses so taken under the Treasurer's Warrant as aforesaid, and in defending all Suits and Actions in which the Officers of the County may be involved in the due Execution of their respective Duties, and also

to

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

365

C. 61, 62.

to present thereon any Sum that may be necessary for completing and carrying into execution the Equalization of the County Levies, for the Purpose of which County Books have been as aforesaid framed, provided the Expence thereof shall not exceed in the whole Three-pence for every Statute Acre on the gross acreable Contents of the County, as recorded therein.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several and respective Tables and Books so to be formed and presented as aforesaid shall have the Presentment of the Grand Jury of each County, County of a City, or County of a Town, written at the Bottom of the Tables and in the Books so to be presented, and signed by the Foreman of the Grand Jury on behalf of himself and his fellow Grand Jurors, which Presentment shall state the Assizes at which such Table or Book is presented and flatted, and that the Grand Jury have presented the same respectively to be the Tables of the County and Barony for the Purpose of levying the several Sums presented thereon; and such Books and Tables shall be kept by the Clerk of the Crown among the Records of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be; and that a Copy or Copies of any Part or Parts of the said Books or Tables, duly compared and attested by the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, or by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, as also said original Books or Tables, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of such Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns respectively, as shall be provided with such County Books, Barony Books, and Tables as aforesaid, to alter and amend the same, as it may be deemed necessary or expedient by such Grand Jury so to do, at any Period after the Lapse of Seven Years succeeding the first Levy to be made conformably thereto, and at such subsequent Periods after the Lapse of every Twenty-one Years from the Period at which every such subsequent Alteration or Amendment shall be so made: Provided always, that Notices of such Alteration or Amendment shall be duly published, and all Objections thereto heard and determined, as prescribed by the aforesaid Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third; and such County Books, Barony Books, and Tables, when so altered or amended, shall be presented to be the Books and Tables by which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall be thenceforth proportionably applotted for the Purpose of levying all Money to be raised under the Presentments of Grand Juries, until such further Alteration or Amendment shall be made therein as by this Act is provided.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred

and seven thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[23d July 1830.]

Tables and Books to be signed by the Foreman of the Grand Jury.

Grand Juries may alter Books and Tablet when necessary.

866

C. 63.

11° GEO. IV, & 1° GUI. IV. A.D. 1830.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to apply the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament [23d July 1830.]

} I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII. VIII.

IX.

THERE shat! be applied, for the Service of the Year 1830, *£1, 500,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may raise j£1, 500,000 by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3.C. 1. The Clauses, &c. in that Act extended to this. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding per Cent. per Diem;

And to be placed as so much Cash in the Exchequer-Treasury to apply the Money raised to Services voted in this Session.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing IVo-duce of the Consolidated Fund.

The Bank may advance not exceeding *£1, 500,000 on the Credit of this Act.

Monies coming into the Exchequer by cc. % 4, 6, 28, and 50, ante, — *£12,000,000 by Exchequer Bills under c. 3, ante, — *£13, 607, 600 by Exchequer Bills under c. 62, ante, — and also the said *£1, 500,000 shall be applied as hereafter expressed.

X. There shall be issued and applied,

* £5, 594, 955 5 8 For Naval Services; viz *

980.200 0 0 For Wages of29,000 Men for Thirteen

Lunar Months, at 21. 12r. per Man per Month.

603.200 0 0 For their Victuals, at IL 12r. per Man

per Month.

52, 216 5 1 For Salaries of Officers, and contingent Expences of the Admiralty Office.

32, 033 1 6 For Salaries of the Officers, &c« of the Navy Pay Office.

57, 560 15 0 For the Navy Office.

38, 207 10 0 For the Victualling Office.

137, 460 10 8 For Salaries of Officers, and contingent Expences of His Majesty's Yards at Home.

For Wages to Artificers in ditto.

For Timber and other Materials.

For Pilotage and other Contingencies. 66, 494 15 3 For Salaries of Officers and contingent Expences of Foreign Yards. 61, 038 5 0 For Ditto of Victualling Yards. 64, 026 7 6 For Ditto of Naval Medical Establishments.

845 8 3 For Ditto of Royal Naval College and School for Naval Architecture.

458, 720

680,000

75,000

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 63.

£ 105, 834* 0 4

27, 870 0 0

854.000 0 0 296, 063 17 9

1, 500 0 0

270.000 0 0

173, 684 9 4

99,000 0 0 210,000 0 0

250.000 0 0 $XI. 6, 365, 159 8 7 *

3, 015, 333 2 7

109, 347 11 4

106, 530 15 3

14, 420 0 0

60, 612 8 1

126.000 0 0

36, 669 7 8 104,000 0 0

720, 859 12 10

94, 900 0 0

For Wages, &c. of Officers and Men of Vessels in Ordinary.

For Hire of Packets.

For Half Pay to Naval Officers.

For Superannuations, &c. to Naval Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

For Bounty to Chaplains.

For Out-Pensioners of Grecnxmch Hospital.

For Superannuations to Commissioners, &c. and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly employed in Naval Departments.

For Repairs and Improvements in the Dock Yards.

For Provisions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Convict Service, and Rations for Troops to be embarked in Ships of War and Transports.

For Transport Service.

For Land Forces and other Services after mentioned; viz.

For the Forces in the United Kingdom and Stations abroad, except India.

For General Staff Officers, Officers of Hospitals in the United Kingdom and on Foreign Stations, except India.

For Allowances to the Principal Officers of Public Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for the Forces, and Hospital Contingencies.

For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom.

For Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments.

For Garrisons at Home and Abroad.

For Full Pay for reduced, retired, and unattached Officers.

For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced and retired Officers.

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers.

367

368 C. 63. 11

£ 47, 686

1, 241, 601

145, 267

185, 036

54, 204

32,000

270, 690

XII. 1, 639, 444

283, 626

85, 025

8, 933

17, 432

28, 644

41, 388

5, 390

83, 046

37, 111

1, 223

9, 127

3, 402

4, 034

300, 245

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

For In-Pensioners of Chelsea and Ktl-mainham Hospitals.

For Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers.

For Compassionate List, Allowances of His Majesty's Bounty, and Pensions to wounded Officers.

For Superannuations to Persons formerly belonging to Public Departments in the United Kingdom.

For Exchequer Fees for Issues on Army Services.

For disembodied Militia of the United Kingdom, and for Out-Pensions of the Regular Militia of Great Britain, and reduced Allowances and Out-Pensions for the Yeomanry.

For Ordnance Services after mentioned; viz.

For the Royal Artillery.

For Salaries to the Master General, Lieutenant General, and Principal Officers and Clerks of the Ordnance Office at the Tower, Pall Mall, and Dublin.

For Salaries to the Departments of the Ordnance Office at Woohoick.

For Salaries to the Civil Establishments of the Ordnance at Home.

For Ditto Abroad and in Ireland.

For Salaries of Barrack Masters and Barrack Serjeants, at Home, Abroad, and in Ireland.

For Master Gunners in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and Ireland.

For the Royal Engineers, Sappers and Miners, and Establishment for their Instruction.

For Brigade of Horse Artillery, and Rocket and Riding House Troop.

For Director General of the Field Train, and Field Train Department.

For the Medical Establishment of the Military Department of the Ordnance.

For Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Academy at Woolwich.

For the Extraordinaries of the Ordnance.

For superannuated and retired Officers, and superannuated Men, and Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers of the Ordnance.

0 GEO.

1 1

17 8

0 0

0 0

18 1

0 0

14 Oh

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

A.D. 1830. ll0 GEO. IV.& 1°GUL.IV.

C. 6S<

369

£ 62, 655 0 0

78, 455 0 0

66, 122 0 0

115, 438 0 0

194, 335 0 0

211, 213 0 0

2, 600 0 0

XIII. 25, 438, 800 0 0

XIV. 168, 800 0 0

XV. 3, 040 0 0

10, 445 0 0

3, 600 0 0

4,000 0 0

3, 820 0 0

11, 261 0 0

10, 180 15 10

3, 601 14 0

4*000 0 0

XVI. 2, 500,000 0 0

7, 656 19 6

20, 986 13 3

16, 143 0 0

100,000 0 0

32, 500 0 0

7,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

6,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

12,000 0 0

4, 700 0 0

10,000 0 0

30, 500 0 0

17,000 0 0

11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV.

For retired Civil Officers of the Ordnance and Barrack Department, and Widows Pensions.

For the Military Store Branch.

For Extra Pay to Engineers, and Pay and Allowances to Clerks of the Works and other Officers.

For Ordnance Works and Repairs, after deducting for old Stores and Rents to be received.

For the Barrack Department.

For Civil and Military Contingencies of the Ordnance Office.

For Fees on the Ordnance Estimates.

To pay off Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1829 and 1830.

To pay off Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works, and Fisheries, and building Churches.

For the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands.

For Ditto of Nova Scotia.

For Ditto of New Brunswick.

For Ditto of Bermuda.

For Ditto of Prince Edward?* Island.

For Ditto of Newfoundland.

For Ditto of Sierra Leone.

For Ditto of Fernandez Po.

For Cape Coast Castle and Accra.

For discharging the like Amount of Supplies granted for 1823, and six following Years.

For the Royal Military College.

For the Royal Military Asylum.

For the British Museum.

For Civil Contingencies.

For Public Buildings, and Charges defrayed by the Office of Works.

For Works at Port Patrick Harbour.

For Ditto at Donaghadee Harbour.

For the Royal Harbour at Kingstown.

For erecting Churches in the West Indies.

For completing the Pier at Milford Haven.

For erecting the State Paper Office.

For the Roads and Harbours of Howth and Holyhead.

For new Buildings at the British Museum.

For the Officers of the Houses of Parliament.

For the Expences of the Houses of Parliament.

B b

37a

C. 65k

! GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

£ 24,000 0 0

12, 010 0 0

17,000 0 0

17, 500 0 0

16, 858 0 0

8,000 0 0

8, 045 0 0

34, 750 0 0

10, 500 0 0

3, 725 0 0

6, 500 0 0

5,000 0 0

958 5 0

13, 778 2 0

4, 034 O 0

6, 882 12 7

13, 647 10 0

2, 500 0 0

21, 135 0 0

3,000 0 0

4,000 0 0

3, 039 0 0

5, 712 7 10

45,000 0 0

76,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

96, 850 0 0

19,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

15,000 0 0

107, 986 0 0

For Deficiency of Fee Fund in the Treasury Department.

For Ditto at the Home Office.

For Ditto at the Foreign Office.

For Ditto at the Colonial Office.

For Ditto at the Privy Council.

For contingent Expences at the Treasury.

For Ditto in the Home Department.

For Ditto in the Foreign Department.

For Ditto in the Colonial Department.

For Ditto in the Privy Council.

To Commissioners of Revenue Enquiry.

For Officers and Expences of the Exchequer.

For certain Professors at Oxford and Cambridge.

For Salaries and Expences of Insolvent Debtors Court.

For Superintendence of Aliens, and Superannuations to Persons retired from that Service.

For retired Allowances to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices, or in the Public Service.

For Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, St. Domingo Sufferers, drc.

For the Vaccine Establishment.

For the Penitentiary at Millbank.

For the Refuge for the Destitute.

For American Loyalists.

For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics.

For Dissenting Ministers, poor French Protestant Refugee Clergy and Laity, &c.

For Foreign and other Secret Services.

For Printing Acts, Bills, Reports, and other Papers, for the Houses of Parliament.

For Printing Public Records.

For Stationery, Printing, and Binding for Public Departments, including Expences of the Stationery Office.

For Extraordinary Expences of the Mint in the Gold Coinage.

For Prosecutions relating to the Coin.

For Law Charges.

For confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home and at Bermuda.

S7I

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 63.

£ 35,000 0 0 For the Support of captured Negroes, frc.

18, 700 0 0 For Salaries and Expences of Commissioners under the Treaties with Spain, Portugal, and the Nether -lands, for preventing the Traffic in Slaves.

28,000 0 0 For Expences of Missions to the New States of America.

87, 970 0 0 For Salaries and Expences of Consuls.

120,000 0 0 To defray Bills drawn from New South Wales and Van Diemen's Laud.

9.000 0 0 For Parliamentary Fees on Turnpike

Road Bills.

16, 600 0 0 For Commissioners of Law Inquiry. 16, 182 0 0 To the Society for Propagating the Gospel in the Colonies.

For Engineers Stores for New South Wales and Van Diemens Land, Bedding and Clothing for Convicts, Clothing and Tools for liberated Africans at Sierra Leone, and Indian Presents for Canada.

For Annuities, Pensions, &c. that would have been payable out of the Consolidated Fund or Civil List. 0& To be applied for Nine Months of 1830 as follows:

75.000 0 0 For Repairs at Windsor Castle. 412, 500 0 0 For Army Extraordinaries.

281, 619 9 8^ For the Commissariat Department.

20.000 0 0 For Civil Contingencies.

122, 250 0 0 For the Rideau Canal.

6, 712 10 0 For Protestant Charter Schools in Ireland.

3, 750 0 0 For Association for discountenancing Vice in Ireland.

18, 750 0 0 For Education of the Poor in Ireland.

23, 175 0 0 For Foundling Hospital ip Dublin.

15, 971 5 0 For House of Industry in Dublin.

5, 025 0 0 For Richmond Lunatic Asylum.

5, 697 0 0 For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children.

1, 050 0 0 For Hibernian Marine Society.

1, 031 5 0 For Female Orphan House.

2, 295 0 0 For Westmoreland Lock Hospital. 1, 943 5 0 For Lying-in Hospital.

1, 257 0 0 For Dr. Steevens s Hospital.

2, 895 0 0 For Fever Hospital.

348 15 0 For Hospital for Incurables.

6, 696 0 0 For Seminary at Maynooth.

450 0 0 For Royal Cork Institution.

5, 250 0 0 For Royal Dublin Society.

225 0 0 For Royal Irish Academy.

47, 500 0 0

XVII. 200,000 0 0

XVIII. 1, 126, 554 18

XIX.

372

11° GEO. IV. & I0 GUL.IV.

A.D. 1830.

C. 6S, 64-.

£ 525 0 0

1, 125

10, 335

10, 875

3, 450 0 0

For Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

For Belfast Academical Institution. For the Board of Works.

For Printing, Stationery, &c. in Chief Secretary's Office.

For Printing Proclamations and Statutes.

For Criminal Prosecutions.

For Dissenting Ministers.

37, 500 0 0

11, 145 4 6

555 4 7i For Salaries to Lottery Officers.

3, 975 0*0 For Inland Navigations.

17, 250 0 0 For Dublin Police.

5, 496 4 7£ For Commissioners of Judicial Inquiry.

2, 181 15 0 For Board of Public Records.

8, 250 0 0 For Public Works.

XX. Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXI. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated to Half Pay. This Act not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, or Volunteers.

XXII. Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

XXIII. Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving

Money for the Payment of Half Pay without the Oaths having been taken as required by 10 G.4. c. 60., indemnified.

XXIV. Half Pay allowed to the Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

XXV. Half Pay allowed to Chaplains of Regiments not being

in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

XXVI. The Surplus of the Sum appropriated by 10 G.4. c. 60.

for Half Pay, authorized to be disposed of to maimed or meritorious Officers, or their Widows or Children, as His Majesty shall direct.

XXVII. Widows and Persons claiming Pensions or Allowances

shall take the required Oath. — By whom such Oath is to be administered.

XXVIII. After 1st January 1831, Accounts for Array Services to be made up at Periods terminating on the last Day in the Month.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England.

[23d July 1830.]

present afforded by Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 64.

Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, it shall and may be lawful for any and every Person, who shall obtain a Licence for that Purpose under the Provisions of this Act, to sell Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail in any Part of England, in any House or Premises specified in such Licence; any thing in any Act or Acts heretofore made, or in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every and any Person, being a Householder, (other than and except such Persons as are hereinafter specially excepted,) who shall be desirous of selling Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail under the Provisions of this Act, to apply for and to obtain an Excise Licence for that Purpose; and in every Application for such Licence there shall be specified, set forth, and inserted the Christian Name and Surname of the Party applying for such Licence, and a Description of the House or Premises in which Beer, Ale, and Porter is intended to be sold by retail by such Person, together with the Christian Names and Surnames and the Occupation and Residence of the Person or Persons who shall be proposed as Surety or Sureties for the Party so to be licensed; and any and every such Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, shall from time to. time authorize, employ, or direct for that Purpose; and any and every such Licence which shall be taken out in any Part of England not within the said Limits shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them respectively, and for the Person to be authorized, employed, or directed by the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, and also for all such Collectors and Supervisors, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, within Ten Days after the Application shall have been made for the same, and upon Execution by the Party and his Surety or Sureties of the Bond hereinafter mentioned, and any Time after upon the Execution of such Bond, to grant such Licence to the Persons who shall apply for the same, the Person so applying first paying for such Licence a Duty of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, to be applied and accounted for as hereinafter directed; and every such Licence shall be dated on the Day when the same shall be granted, and shall expire at the End of Twelve Calendar Months after the Day on which such Licence shall be dated; and every such Licence shall be according to the Form in the Schedule annexed to this Act, and shall be duly registered in the proper Department of the Excise: Provided always, that no such Licence shall authorize or entitle the Party licensed to receive any Licence to sell or retail Wine or Spirits, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person being a Sheriff's Officer, or Officer executing the legal Process of any Court of Justice, nor to

B b 3 any

373.

All Persons licensed under this Act may sell Beer by Retail.

Parties desirous of retailing Beer shall take out a Licence.

In London, Licences shall be granted by the Commissioners of Excise, &r .; elsewhere in England, by the Collectors and Supervisor* of Excise.

Licence Duty- '

Nq Licence shall be granted to a Sheriff's

C. 64.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Officer or Non-householder.

Register of Licences.

Licences shall be produced for the Inspection of Magistrates.

Licence Duty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Party requiring Licence shall enter into a Bond, with Sureties, for Payment of Penalties.

any Person not being a Householder assessed to the Poor Rates in the Parish or Place in which he shall be licensed to sell Beer by Retail, and that any Licence granted to any such Person shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and a List or Register of every Licence so granted, specifying the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed, and of his Sureties respectively, and the Name and Description of the House mentioned in such Licence* shall be kept at the Excise Office with respect to all Licences granted by the Commissioners of Excise or any Person authorized by them, and at the Office or Dwelling House of every Collector and Supervisor of Excise in their and his respective Collections and Districts; and such List or Register shall at all Times be produced to and shall be open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Magistrate of the County or Place where such Licence shall be granted and where such House shall be situate; and a Copy of such List or Register shall once in every Calendar Month be transmitted by every such Collector or Supervisor to the Clerk of the Magistrates for the District in which such Licence shall be granted; and any Copy of or Extract from such List or Register, which shall or may be at any Time required by the Clerk to the Magistrates, shall be given to him by such Collector or Supervisor whenever thereto required.

III. And be it farther enacted, That the Duty by this Act imposed on Licences to sell Beer by Retail shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered* paid, and recovered in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways, or Methods by which any other Duties of Excise on Licences are or may be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, or recovered; and all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Put of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland *

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise or any Person authorized by them, nor for any Collector or Supervisor of Excise, to grant or deliver any such Licence to any Person applying for the same* unless such Person shall, before receiving such Licence, or at die Time of receiving the same, enter into a Bond to the Commissioners of Excise with One sufficient Surety in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds or with Two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Ten Pounds each, such Surety or Sareties being the Person or Persons named in the Application of the Party requiring the licence, or some other Person or Persons approved of by the said Commissioners or by the Person authorized to grant such licences; and such Bond shall be executed by such Person and his Surety or Sureties, conditioned for the Payment by such Person, or bn Surety or Sureties, of any Penalty or Sum of Money not exceeding the Amount of such Twenty Pounds or Ten Pounds respectively, which shall be incurred for any Offence against this Act by the

Party

A.D. 1830. 11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 6*.

375

Party to whom such Licence shall be granted, or for the Payment of such Sum of Twenty Pounds or Ten Pounds respectively, in case any Penalty incurred by such Party licensed shall exceed such Twenty Pounds or Ten Pounds respectively; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Person so authorized by them, or for such Collector or Supervisor of Excise respectively, to judge of and determine upon the Sufficiency of any such Surety or Sureties; Provided always, that such Bona shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person licensed to sell Beer by Retail under the Provisions of this Act, and that no Person not being a Householder assessed to and paying the Poor's Rates within the Parish in which the Person licensed shall be resident, shall be deemed competent to be or shall be accepted as a Surety in any such Bond as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed to sell Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail under the Provisions of (his Act shall cause to be painted, in Letters Three Inches at least in Length, in White upon a Black Ground, or in Black upon a White Ground, publicly \isible and legible, upon a Board to be placed over the Door of the House or Premises in which such Person shall be licensed to sell Beer by Retail, the Christian and Surname of the Persons mentioned in such Licence, at full Length, together with the Words " Licensed to sell Beer by Retail;" and every such Person shall preserve and keep up such Name and Words so painted as aforesaid during all the Time that such Person shall continue so licensed, upon pain that every Person in any respect making default herein shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell any Beer by Retail under the Provisions of this Act at any Time after the Expiration of any Licence granted under this Act, nor in any House or Place not specified in such Licence: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person so licensed to take out a fresh Retail Licence for the selling Beer by Retail before the Expiration of any former Retail Licence, and so from Year to Year and if any Person, not being duly licensed to sell Beer as the Keeper of a common Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, shall sell any Beer by Retail without having an Excise Retail Licence in force authorizing such Person so to do, or after the Expiration of any such Licence, or without renewing such Licence in manner aforesaid, or in any House or Place not specified in such Licence, or if any such Person so licensed shall deal in or retail any Wine or Spirits, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said last-mentioned Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, or distributed by any Law or Laws of Excise; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs

B b 4? and

No Person licensed to sell Beer shall be competent to be a Surety.

Persons licensed to retail Beer shall put up descriptive Boards.

No Person shall sell Beer after Expiration of his Licence.

Licence may be

renewed

yearly.

Penalty on selling without Licence, *201.

Such Penalty may be recovered as other Excise Penalties.

376

C. 64.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Powers of Excise Act 7 & 8 G.4. c. 53., &c. extended to this Act.

Proviso for Partners.

Licence shall not extend to any other House.

Houses to be dosed by Order of Justices in Cases of Riot, Sc c.

Standard Mea-"'es to be

and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland, or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for enforcing, regulating, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or distributing the Penalties thereby imposed, and all Matters and Things therein relating to Excise Licences, (except where otherwise provided by this Act, or repugnant thereto,) shall and may be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution in and for the enforcing, regulating, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or distributing the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and all Matters and Things relating to the said Licences hereby authorized and required to be granted as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; any thing hereinafter contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Persons trading in Partnership, and in One House or Premises only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence in any One Year, for selling any Beer by Retail under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to sell any Beer, Ale, or Porter, under the Provisions of this Act, in any House or Place other than the House or Place mentioned in such Licence for selling Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail under the Provisions of this Act, and in respect whereof such Licence shall be granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One Justice acting for any County or Place where any Riot or Tumult shall happen, or for any Two or more Justices where any Riot or Tumult may be expected to take place, to order or direct that every Person licensed under this Act, and keeping any House, situate within their respective Jurisdictions, in or near the Place where such Riot or Tumult shall happen or be expected to take place, shall close his House at any Time which such Justice or Justices shall order or direct; and every such Person who shall keep open his House at or after any Hour at which such Justices shall have so ordered or directed such House to be closed shall be taken and deemed to have not maintained good Order and Rule therein, and to be guilty of an Offence against the Tenour of the Licence granted to such Person.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person under this Act licensed to sell Beer by Retail shall sell or otherwise dispose of all such Beer by Retail (pxcept in Quantities less than a Half

Pint)

C. 64.

377

Pint) by the Gallon, Quart, Pint, or Half Pint Measure sized according to the Standard, and shall also retail the same in a vessel sized according to such Standard, and in default thereof he shall for every such Offence forfeit the illegal Measure, and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, together with the Costs of the Conviction, to be recovered, within Thirty Days next after that on which such Offence was committed, before Two Justices; and such Penalty shall be over and above all Penalties to which the Offender may be liable under any other Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Seller of Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail, having a Licence under the Provisions of this Act, who shall permit any Person or Persons to be guilty of Drunkenness or disorderly Conduct in the House or Premises mentioned in such Licence, shall for every such Offence forfeit the respective Sums following; and every Person who shall in any way transgress or neglect, or shall be a Party in transgressing or neglecting, the Conditions and Provisions specified in such Licence, or shall allow such Conditions or Provisions to be in any way transgressed or neglected, in the House or Premises so licensed, shall be deemed guilty of disorderly Conduct; and every Person so licensed who shall permit any such disorderly Conduct shall for the First Offence forfeit any such Sum, not less than Forty Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as the Justices before whom such Retailer shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge; and for the Second -such Offence, any Sum not less than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds; and for the Third such Offence, any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any such Conviction for such Third Offence shall take place to adjudge, if they shall so think fit, that such Offender shall be disqualified from selling Beer by Retail for the space of Two Years next ensuing such Conviction, and also (if they shall so think fit) to adjudge that no Beer shall be sold by Retail by any Person in the House or Premises mentioned in the Licence of such Offender; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall knowingly sell any Beer, Ale, or Porter made otherwise than from Malt and Hops, or shall mix or cause to be mixed any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients with any Beer sold in his House or Premises, or shall fraudulently dilute or in any way adulterate any such Beer, such Offender shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds, as the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge; and for the Second such Offence such Offender shall be adjudged to be disqualified from selling Beer, Ale, or Porter by Retail for the Term of Two Years, or to forfeit any Sum of Money not less than Twenty Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be adjudged guilty of such Second Offence; and if any Offender convicted of such Offence as last aforesaid shall during such Term of Two Years sell any Beer, Ale, or Porter by Retail, either in the House and Premises mentioned in the Licence of such Offender, or in any other Place, he shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty-five Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, and shall be subject to a like Penalty at any and every House or Place where he shall commit such

Offence;

Penalty on Retailers permitting Drunkenness, &c. in their Houses.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Penalty on mixing Drug* in Beer, or adulterating Beer.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Penalty on selling after Conviction of Second Offence.

C. 64.

11<> GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Retailers Houses shall not be open before Four in the Morning nor after Ten in the Evening; nor on Sundays between Ten and One, or Three and Five, in the Day.

Penalties re* coverable before Two Justices in Petty Sessions, within Three Months after Offence committed.

Offence; and if any Person shall at any Time, during any Term in which it shall not be lawful for Beer to be sold by Retail on the Premises of any Offender, sell any Beer by Retail on such Premises, knowing that it was not lawful to be sold, such Offender shall forfeit any Sum not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds, as the convicting Justices shall adjudge.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person licensed to sell Beer by Retail under this Act shall have or keep his House open for the Sale of Beer, nor shall sell or retail Beer, nor shall suffer any Beer to be drank or consumed, in or at such House, at any Time before the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning nor after Ten of the Clock in the Evening of any Day in the Week, nor at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, nor at any Time between the Hours of Three and Five of the Clock in the After* noon, on any Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving; and if any such Person shall keep his House open for selling Beer, or shall sell or retail Beer, at any Time after the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Evening or before the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning of any Day, or between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, or between the Hours of Three and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Offence; and every separate Sale shall be deemed a separate Offence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties under this Act, save and except the Penalty hereinbefore mentioned for selling Beer by any Person not duly licensed, shall and may be recovered upon the Information of any Person whomsoever before Two Justices acting in Petty Sessions; and that every such Penalty shall be prosecuted and proceeded for within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the Offence in respect of which such Penalty shall be incurred; and every Person licensed under this Act who shall be convicted, before Two Justices so acting in and for the Division or Place in which shall be situate the House kept or theretofore kept by such Person, of any Offence against the Tenour of the Licence to him granted under this Act, or of any Offence for which any Penalty is imposed by this Act, shall, unless Proof be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person had been theretofore convicted before Two Justices within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding of some Offence against the Tenour of his Licence or against this Act, be adjudged by such Justices to be guilty of a First Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be imposed for such Offence, then any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if Proof shall be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person had been previously convicted before Two Justices within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding of One such Offence only, such Person shall be adjudged by such Justices to be guilty of a Second Offence against the

Provisions

G6*.

370.

Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be so imposed, then any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if Proof shall be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person had been previously convicted before Two Justices within the Space of the Eighteen Calendar Months next preceding of Two such separate Offences, and if Proof shall be adduced to the Satisfaction of the Justices that such Person so charged is guilty of the Offence charged against him, such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of a Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty imposed by this Act in respect of such Offence, or if no such specific Penalty shall be imposed, then to forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Appeal to the be lawful for the Party convicted of any such Third Offence to Quarter Ses-appeal to the General Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace sion8* then next ensuing, unless such Sessions shall be held within Twelve Days next after such Conviction, and in that Case to the then next subsequent Sessions; and in such Case the Party so convicted shall before such Justices so convicting forthwith enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, personally to appear at the said General Session or Quarter Session, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded; which Recognizances such Justices are hereby authorized to require and take; or, in failure of the Party convicted entering into such Recognizance, such Conviction shall remain good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices who shall take such Recognizance trom the Party convicted are also hereby required to bind the Person who shall make such Charge in a Recognizance to appear at such General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, then and there to give Evidence against the Person so charged, and in like Manner to bind any other Person who shall have any Knowledge of the Circumstances of such Offence; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of General Session or Quarter Session to adjudge such Person to be guilty of any such Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, as the Case may be, and such Adjudication shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and it shall be lawful for such Court of General Session or Quarter Session to punish such Offender by Fine not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Costs of such Appeal, or to adjudge the Licence granted to and held by or on behalf of such Offender to be forfeited and void, or to adjudge that no Beer shall be sold by Retail in the House or Premises mentioned in the Licence of such Offender for the Term of Two Years from the Date of such Adjudication, or to punish such Offender by such Fine as aforesaid, and to adjudge such Premises to be disqualified for the Sale of Beer as aforesaid, and such Licence to be forfeited and void; and if such Licence shall be adjudged to be forfeited and void, it shall thenceforth be void accordingly; and whenever in such Case or in any other Case the Licence of such Offender shall be adjudged to be void, such Offender shall from and after such Adjudication be deemed and taken to be incapable of selling Beer, Ale, or Porter by Retail,

in

C. 64.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Court to adjudge Costs of Appeal in certain Cases.

Proceedings at the Session in certain Cases to be carried on by the Petty Constable.

Expences of Prosecution to be charged on County Rates.

in any House kept by him, for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the Time of such Adjudication; and any Licence granted to such Person during such Term shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Appeal respecting which any Recognizance shall be entered into in pursuance of this Act shall be dismissed, or that the Conviction appealed against shall be affirmed, or that such Appeal shall be abandoned, it shall be lawful for the Court to whom such Appeal shall have been made or intended to be made; and such Court is hereby required, to adjudge and order that the Party so having appealed or having entered into such Recognizance shall pay to the Justices before whom such Recognizance shall have been entered into, or to whomsoever they shall appoint, such Sum by way of Costs as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Justices from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which such Justices may have been put in consequence of the Intention or declared Intention of such Party to appeal; and if such Party shall refuse or neglect to pay forthwith such Sum, it shall be lawful for the said Court to adjudge and order that the Party so refusing or neglecting shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain until such Sum be paid, or for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum be sooner paid; and in every Case in which the Conviction so appealed against shall be reversed, it shall be lawful for such Court (if it shall think £t) to adjudge and order that the Treasurer of the County or Place in and for which such Justices whose Judgment shall have been so reversed shall have acted on the Occasion when they shall have given such Judgment, shall pay to such Justices, or whomsoever they shall appoint, such Sum as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Justices from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which such Justices may have been so put; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized to pay the same, which shall be allowed to him in his Accounts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Appeal shall be made, by any Person convicted of any Offence under the Provisions of this Act, to the General Session or Quarter Session, it shall be lawful for the convicting Justices, if no other fit and proper Person shall appear to prosecute such Charge and to carry on such Proceedings as may be necessary to obtain at such Session an Adjudication thereon, to order that the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place in which shall be situate the House kept by the Person charged shall carry on all Proceedings necessary to obtain such Adjudication as aforesaid, and to bind such Constable or other Peace Officer in a sufficient Recognizance so to do; and it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted to order the Treasurer of the County or Place in and for which such Justices shall then act to pay to such Constable or other Peace Officer, and to the Witness or Witnesses on his Behalf, such Sum or Sums of Money as to the Court shall appear to be sufficient to reimburse such Constable or other Peace Officer, and such Witness or Witnesses respectively, the Expences that he or they shall have been

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUI. IV. C. 64.

381

severally put to in and about such Prosecution, which Order the Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and to deliver to such Constable or other Peace Officer, or to such Witness or Witnesses; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Constable or other Peace Officer, or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Money as aforesaid, and the said Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed under this Act shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and shall not pay the Penalty incurred by such Conviction, it shall be lawful for the Justices convicting such Offender, after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Conviction, to summon any Surety or Sureties named in the Bond entered into and executed by such Person and his Surety or Sureties at the Time of obtaining his Licence, to appear before the said Justices, and shew Cause why the Penalty mentioned in such Bond should not be paid by such Surety or Sureties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to pay any Penalty incurred by the

, Party licensed, or to satisfy so much of such Penalty so incurred as shall remain unpaid; and in case any such Surety snail not shew any sufficient Cause to the contrary, it shall be lawful for such Justices to adjudge that such Penalty, if not paid, or so much thereof as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Surety within Fourteen Days; and in case such Penalty, or so much thereof as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Fourteen Days, it shall be lawful for such Justices, if they shall think fit, to issue their Warrant, and to levy the Amount of such Penalty, or so much thereof as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Surety, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale; and the Certificate of the Commissioners of Excise, or their Officer, or other Persons by this Act authorized to grant any Licence, of the Date of such Bond, and the Names and Descriptions of the Surety or Sureties in such Bond, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Bond, and of the Contents and Execution thereof, against any Surety or Sureties, in any Proceedings under this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Person summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Justices or Sessions touching any of the Matters aforesaid, either on the Part of the Complainant or of the Person accused, who shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, and who shall not make such reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal as shall be admitted and allowed by such Justices or Sessions, or who appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or Affirmation and give Evidence, shall on Conviction before such Justices forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which under the Authority of this Act any Justices shall adjudge that any Offender shall pay or cause to be paid any Penalty, and such Offender shall refuse or neglect, within Seven Days after his Conviction, to pay such Penalty, and any Costs which shall have been duly assessed and ascertained by such Justices, it shall be lawful for such Justices, if they shall think fit, to issue their Warrant,

and

In default of Payment of Penalties, Proceedings may be bad against the Sureties.

Penalty on 'Witnesses not attending.

Penalties may be levied by Distress.

C. 6*.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

If Offender has not sufficient Goods whereon to levy, Justices may commit him.

Proviso for Offenders paying Penalties, &c. to Gaoler.

Application of Penalties.

If Justices of Liberties, &c. do not attend at Sessions, the County Justices may act.

Powers hereby given to Justices of Counties not to extend to the Cinque Ports.

and to levy the Amount of such Penalty and Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale; and in every such Case such Offender, if in Custody at the Time that such Warrant shall be so issued, shall be forthwith discharged; but if it shall appear to such Justices that the Goods and Chattels of such Offender are not sufficient whereon to levy such Distress, together with the Costs of such Distress and Sale, it shall be lawful for such Justices to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or to the House of Correction of the County or Place for which such Justices shall be then acting, for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month if the Penalty shall not be above Five Pounds, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months if the Penalty shall be above Five Pounds and shall not be more than Ten Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months if the Penalty shall he above Ten Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Offender shall have been committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in consequence of his not having duly paid such Penalty and Costs, if such Offender shall pay or cause to be paid to the Gaoler or Keeper of the House of Correction, or to whomsoever such Justices shall have appointed, the Pencdty imposed, and Costs, together with all the Costs of the Apprehension of him and of the Conveyance of him to the said Gaol or House of Correction, at any Time previous to the Expiration of the Time for which such Offender shall so have been committed, such Offender shall be forthwith discharged.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Justices before whom any Penalty shall be recovered under the Provisions of this Act shall award, if they shall think fit, any Portion of the same, not in any Case exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Use of the Prosecutor; and the Remainder, or in case no Part of such Penalty shall be awarded to the Prosecutor, then the Whole of such Penalty, shall be awarded to be paid and shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County within which such Offence shall be committed, to be applied by the said Treasurer towards defraying the Expences of such County, and in aid of the County Rates of such County.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any Session for any Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City or Town Corporate, there shall not be present at least Twi Justices acting in and for any such Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City or Town Corporate, it shall be lawful for the Justices acting in and for the County or Counties adjoining to such Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City or Town Corporate, to act within such Liberty or Place, and with the Justice or Justices thereof who shall be present at any such Sessions as aforesaid, for the Purpose of hearing Complaints as to Offences against this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to give the Justices of the County or any Division thereof any Powfcr or Authority for the putting of the Provisions of this Act in execution within any of the Cinque Ports or either of the Two ancient Towns, or any of the Corporate

or

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 64 *

383

or other Members or Liberties of the Cinque Ports or Two ancient Towns; but that it shall be lawful for the Justices of and for each of the principal Cinque Ports and Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties thereof, and for the Justices of and for the Liberties thereof, and the Corporate Members, to act within the same respectively as they have been accustomed, and for them or any of them to act within each of the Corporate Members immediately belonging or subordinate to such principal Cinque Port or ancient Town, with the Justice or Justices of each such Corporate Member, for the Purpose of hearing Complaints as to Offences against this Act in all such Cases in which the Justices of the County are hereinbefore empowered or authorized to act with the Justice or Justices of any Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City or Town Corporate.

XXV. And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious Appeals, Form of Co»-be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect *lction* following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case may be, shall be good and

effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Case or the Facts or Evidence in any more particular Manner;

(that is to say,)

1 TIE it remembered, That on this Day of

to wit j, in the Year, A.B. of

was duly convicted before us, C.D. and E. F.,

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions for the of, for that [here state the Offence,

and the Time and Place uohen committed,] whereby the said A.B.

has forfeited the Sum of this being adjudged

to be the First [or Second, or Third] Offence [as the Case shall happen to he] against the Provisions of an Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England, besides the Costs of this Conviction, which we the said Justices do hereby assess at the Sum of pursuant to the

Statute in such Case made and provided. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year above written. '

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before Conrictioiuto whom any such Conviction shall have been made shall return the be returned to same, or cause the same to be returned, to the next General ?umrter. Session or Quarter Session of the Peace holden for the County or filed^*g^d Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, and such cor^t Conviction shall be then and there delivered to the Clerk of the

Peace or other Person acting as such, to be by him filed or enrolled amongst the Records of the said Court; and the Certificate of the Clerk of the Peace of such Conviction, which he is hereby required to grant, on Demand, upon Payment of One Shilling, shall be legal Evidence of every such Conviction.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction under writ of Cer-this Act, nor any Adjudication made upon Appeal therefrom, shall tiorari not to be quashed for Want of Form, nor shall be removed by Writ of be flowed-Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's superior Courts

of Record; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and that there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same.

C. 64*.

Actions against Justices, &c.

Act not to affect the Two Universities, nor the Vintners Company in London;

nor to prohibit the Sale of Beer at Fairs as heretofore.

Licences to retail Cyder may be granted under the Regulations of this Act, on Payment of 1/. Is. Duty.

Provisions and Penalties of this Act with respect to the Sale of Beer to apply to the Sale of Cyder.

fk

11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL.IV. A.D. 1830.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Action against any Justice, Constable, or other Person, for or on account of any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or commanded by him in the Execution of his Duty or Office under this Act, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Action or Complaint shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and if any Person shall be sued for any Matter or Thing which he shall have done in the Execution of this Act, he may plead the General Issue and give the special Matter in Evidence.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or in any Manner to affect any of the Rights or Privileges of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any of the Powers and Authorities vested by Charter or otherwise in the Chancellors, Masters, and Scholars of the said Universities, and their Successors, or in the Master, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, but not to extend to those Freemen of the said Company of Vintners who have obtained the same by Redemption only; nor in any way to affect any Licence to the Keeper of any Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, unless in so far as relates to the Sale of Beer by Retail; nor to prohibit any Person from selling Beer in Booths or other Places at the Time and within the Limits of the Ground or Place in or upon which is holden any lawful Fair, in like Manner as such Person was authorized to do before the passing of this Act.

XXX. And whereas it is expedient that the Sale of Cyder and Perry by Retail should be licensed in like Manner and should ' be subject to the like Regulations as the Sale of Beer; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, it shall be lawful for any Person desirous of selling Cyder and Perry by Retail to apply for and to obtain an Excise Licence for that Purpose, under the same Regulations in all Respects (except as hereinafter is otherwise provided) as are in this Act prescribed and contained with respect to Persons desirous of selling Beer, Ale, and Porter by Retail, and of being licensed for that Purpose; and that all the Clauses, Regulations, and Provisions in this Act contained relating to the Sale of Beer by Retail, and to the Licences for selling the same, and to the Sureties for the Parties licensed, and to the Conduct of the Parties licensed, and to all other Matters whatever respecting the selling of Beer by Retail, and the Retailers thereof, and the Licences for the same, and the Houses where the same are sold, and the Penalties against the Parties licensed, shall be taken and deemed to be applicable to the Sale of Cyder and Perry by Retail, and to Licences for the same, and to the Sellers of Cyder and Perry by Retail, as if Cyder and Perry, and the Retailers thereof, were expressly mentioned and specified in and throughout this Act: Provided always, that the Person receiving a Licence for selling Cyder or Perry by Retail shall pay for such Licence a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and no more, instead of the Duty of Two Pounds Two Shillings herein-before mentioned, and which said Duty of One Pound One Shilling shall be applied in like Manner as the said Duty of Two Pounds Two Shillings is herein-before directed to be applied; and every such Licence shall be according

to

C. 64.

385

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV .; ^1° GUL. IV.

y

to the Form in the Schedule annexed to this Act: Provided also, that any Person licensed under this Act to sell Beer by Retail may sell also Cyder and Perry by Retail without receiving a separate Licence for that Purpose; but that no Person licensed to sell Cyder and Perry by Retail, and paying for such Licence, as herein provided, the Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, shall be at liberty to sell Beer by Retail.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any and every Covenant or Clause of Restriction contained in any Lease or Contract between any Landlord and Tenant, whereby the Trade or Business of a Victualler or Publican is prohibited from being carried on in any House, Building, or Place mentioned or comprised in such Lease or Contract, or whereby any such House, BuilSing, or Place is prohibited from being used as a Public House or Alehouse, shall apply and extend, and shall be construed to apply and extend, to every Person who shall be licensed to sell Beer, Ale, or Porter, or Cyder, or Perry, under the Provisions of this Act, and to any and every House specified and mentioned in the Licence granted to such Persons.

XXXII. And in order to remove Doubts as to the meaning of certain Words in this Act, be it enacted, That the Word " Justice" shall be deemed to mean Justice of the Peace; and that the Word " Person," and the Word u Party/' shall be deemed to include any Number of Persons and Parties; and that the Word u Licence," and the Word " Day," and the Word " Time," and the Word " House," and the Word w Place," shall each be deemed

to include any Number of Licences, Days, Times, Houses, or Places; and that the Word " Beer" shall in all Cases be deemed to include Beer, Ale, and Porter; and that the Word " Cyder" shall in all Cases be deemed to include Cyder and Perry; and that the Word u County," and the Words " County or Place," shall be deemed severally to include any County, Riding, Division of the County of Lincoln, Hundred, Division of a County, Liberty, Division of a Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate; and the Words " Division or Place " shall be deemed to include any Division of a County or Riding, Liberty, Division of a Liberty, County of a City, County of a Town, City, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate; and that the Words " Parish or Place" shall be deemed to include any Township, Hamlet, Tithing, Vill, Extra-parochial Place, or any Place maintaining its own Poor; and that the Word " Penalty* shall be deemed to include any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture of a pecuniary Nature; and that the Meaning of the several Words in this Act shall not be restricted, although the same may be subsequently referred to in the Singular Number or Masculine Gender only.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM OF LICENCE.

WE. the undersigned, being of the Commissioners of the

Excise [or I the undersigned, being a Person authorized and employed by the Commissioners of Excise to grant Licences for selling Beer [or Cyder and Perry, as the Case may require, -\ by Retail, or being a Collector or Supervisor of Excise for the

11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. C c Collection

Persons licensed to retail Beer may also retail Cyder

Covenants against Houses, &c. being used as Public Houses to extend to Persons licensed under this Act.

Rules for the Interpretation of this Act.

386

C. 64?.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Collection or District of,] do hereby authorize and

empower A. L.> now being a Householder, and dwelling at

, in the Parish of, within the Limits of the

Chief Office of Excise [or within the Limits of the said Collection or District], to sell Beer, Ale, and Porter [or Cyder and Ferry] by Retail in the Dwelling House of the said A. L and in the Premises thereunto belonging, the said A. L. having duly entered into a Bond, with D. S. of and E. S. of,

as his Surety [or Sureties], pursuant to the Act in such Case made: Provided, and upon Condition, that he or she [does not sell any Beer, Ale, or Porter made otherwise than from Malt and Hops] [omit these Words in Licences to retail Cyder and Perry"]; nor mix or cause to be mixed any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients in any Beer, Ale, or Porter [or in any Cyder or Perry]; nor fraudulently dilute, deteriorate, of adulterate any Beer, Ale, or Porter [or any Cyder or Perry]; nor sell any Beer, Ale, or Porter [or any Cyder or Perry], knowing the same to have been fraudulently diluted, deteriorated, or adulterated; nor use, in selling any Beer, Ale, or Porter [or any Cyder or Perry], any Measures which are not of tKe legal Standard; nor wilfully or knowingly permit any Drunkenness or any violent or quarrelsome or other disorderly Conduct in his [or her] House or Premises; nor knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any Gaming whatsoever therein; nor knowingly permit or suffer Persons of notoriously bad Character to assemble and meet together therein; nor permit or suffer any Beer, Ale, or Porter [or any Cyder or Perry] to be drank or consumed in or upon or to be conveyed from or out of his [or her] Premises between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, nor between the Hours of Three and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, nor at any Time before the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning, or after the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Evening, of any Dhy; but do maintain good Order and Rule therein; and all Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses, contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, are to extend and apply to the House and Premises mentioned in this Licence: And this Licence shall continue in Force from the D^rof

next until the Day of then next ensuing,

and no longer; provided, and upon Condition, that the said A. L. shall not in the mean Time become a Sheriff's Officer, or Officer for executing the Process of any Court of Justice, nor shall in the mean Time cease to be a Householder; and this licence shall cease and determine, and shall become void, in case any of the Conditions or Regulations contained therein shall be transgressed, or shall not be observed by the said A. Z. Given under our Hands and Seals [or ray Hand and Seal], this Day of

, One thousand eight hundred and,

at

A.D. 1830.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 65.

387

CAP. LXV.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Law relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots,

Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the (Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act to enable 9 6.]. c. 29.

Lords of Manors more easily to recover their Fines, and to exempt Infants and Femes Covert from Forfeitures of their Copyhold Estates in particular Cases: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the

1 Second, intituled An Act to enable Infants, Lunatics, and Femes 29 G.s. c.si. ' Covert to surrender Leases, in order to renew the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Rei^n ' of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Lunatics 11 G.s. c. 20. 1 entitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones: And whereas (an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to enable 11 Ann. (I.)

Guardians and others to renew Leases for Lives: And whereas an c.s.

Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Sale or Mort- 43 G.s. c. 75.

page of the Estates of Persons found Lunatic by Inquisition in

England or Ireland respectively, and the granting of Leases of the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-seventh

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act 47 G.s. c. 8.

concerning Common Recoveries suffered in Copyhold or Customary $ 2.

Courts by Attorney: And whereas an Act was passed in the

Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

1. An Act concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by Attorney 59 g.s. c. 80.

in Courts of ancient Demesne, and to explain an Act of His present Majesty relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Estates of ' Lunatics: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixth Year ' of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating 6 G.4. c. 74.

to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or Trustees of unsound Mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots,

1 Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind: And whereas an Act 4 was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late

Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Acts passed in the 9 G.4. c. 78.

Forty-third and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Sale and Mortgage of Estates if Persons found Lunatics by Inquisition taken in England ' and Ireland, so as to authorize such Sale and Mortgage for other Purposes; and for rendering Inquisitions or Commissions of Lunacy taken in England available in Ireland, and like Inquisitions taken in Ireland available in England: And whereas it is

expedient the Provisions of the said Acts should be consolidated ' and amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

.388

C. 65.

11° GEO. IV. 8t 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Recited Acts of 11 Ann.,

9 G.I., 29 G.2., 11, 43, 47, and 59 G. 3.,

9 G.4., and so much of 6 G.4., as relates to Funds belonging to Infants, &c. repealed.

Rules for the Interpretation of this Act.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the Eleventh, Forty-third, Forty-seventh, and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His fate Majesty King George the Fourth, and also the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said last-mentioned Act relates to Stocks, Funds, Annuities, and Securities belonging beneficially to Persons being Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, or of unsound Mind, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, (except as to such Proceedings under the same as shall have been commenced before the passing of this Act, and which may be proceeded in according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts respectively, or according to the Provisions of this Act, as shall be thought expedient:) Provided always, that the several Acts repealed by the said last-recited Act shall not be revived.

II. And inasmuch as, in order to avoid unnecessary Repetition,

certain Words are used in this Act as describing Subjects some of which, according to their usual Sense, such Words would not ' embrace For the understanding of the Sense attached to them in this Act, be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall extend and be understood to extend to and include the several other Estates, Persons Matters, and Things hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) those relating to Land, to any Manor, Messuage, Tenement, Hereditament, or Real Property of whatsoever Tenure, and to Property of every Description transferrable otherwise than in Books kept by any Company or Society, or any Share thereof or Charge thereon, or Estate or Interest therein; those relating to Stock, to any Fund, Annuity, or Security transferrable in Books kept by any Company or Society, or to any Money payable for the Discharge or Redemption thereof, or any Share or Interest therein; those relating to Dividends, to Interest, or other annual Produce; those relating to the Bank of jBsg&ad, to the East India Company, South Sea Company, or any other Company or Society established or to be established; those relating to a Conveyance, to any Release, Surrender, Assignment, or other Assurance, including all Acts, Deeds, and Things necessary for making and perfecting the same; those relating to a Transfer, to any Assignment, Payment, or other Disposition; and those relating to a Lunatic, to any Idiot or Person of unsound Mind or incapable of managing his Affairs; unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; and whenever this Act, in describing or referring to any Person, or any Land, Stock, Conveyance, Lease, Recovery, Matter, or Thing, uses the Word importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, the same shall be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Lands, Stocks, Conveyances, Leases, Recoveries, Matters, or Things, as well as one Land, Stock, Conveyance, Lease, Recovery, Matter, or Thing respectively, unless

389

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 65.

there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Infants, Femes of this Act, where any Person being under the Age of Twenty- Covert, and one Years, or being a Feme Covert or Lunatic, is or shall be Lunatics may entitled by Descent, or Surrender to the Use of a last Will, or to

otherwise, to be admitted Tenant of any Copyhold Lands, such Estates by Person, in his or her own proper Person, or being a Feme Covert their Guardian, by her Attorney, or being an Infant by his Guardian or Attorney, Committee, or as the Case may require, or being a Lunatic by the Committee of Attorney, his Estate, shall come to and appear at one of the Three next Courts which shall be kept (for the keeping whereof the usual Notice shall be given) for the Manor whereof such Land shall be Parcel, and shall there offer himself or herself to the Lord or his Steward to be admitted Tenant to the said Land; to make which Appearance and to take which Admittance in behalf of such Infant or Lunatic or Feme Covert, such Guardian, Committee, or Attorney shall be and is hereby respectively authorized and required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Femes Covert, Feme Covert, and for any Infant who shall have no Guardian, Infants» *c* and she and he is hereby empowered, by Writing under her or AuoX^for his Hand and Seal respectively, to appoint an Attorney or Attor- that

nies on her or his Behalf, for the Purpose of appearing and taking such Admittance as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in default of such Appearance In default of of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic, in his or her own Person, ^, fa"|Dce, or by his or her Guardian, Committee, or Attorney in that

Behalf, and of Acceptance of such Admittance as aforesaid, it Attorney, shall be lawful for the Lord of every such Manor, or his Steward, after such Three several Courts have been duly holden for such Manor, and Proclamations in such several Courts been regularly made, to appoint, at any subsequent Court, to be holden for such Manor, any fit Person to be Attorney for every such Infant,

Feme Covert, or Lunatic, for that Purpose only, and by such Attorney to admit every such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic to the said Land, according to such Estate as such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall be legally entitled to therein, and upon every such Admittance to impose and set such Fine as might have been legally imposed and set if such Infant had been of full Age, or if such Feme Covert had been sole and unmarried, and if such Lunatic had been of sane Mind.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon every such Admit- Fines, in what tance of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic as aforesaid, the Manner d©-Fine imposed and set thereupon shall and may be demanded by the Bailiff or Agent of the Lord of such Manor, by a Note in Writing, signed by the Lord of such Manor or by his Steward, to be left with the Guardian of such Infant, or such Infant if he have no Guardian, or with such Feme Covert or her Husband, or with the Committee of the Estate of such Lunatic, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Land to which- such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall have been admitted as aforesaid; and if the Fine so imposed and set be not paid or tendered to such Lord or his Steward within Three Months after such Demand made, then

C c 3 it

If not paid, &c. the Lord may enter and receive the Pro-

390

C. 65.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

fits of the Copyhold till he is satisfied, &c.

The Lord to

and to deliver up Possession on Satisfaction of the Fines.

it shall be lawfal for the Lord of such Manor to enter into ad upon the Copyhold Land to which any such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall be so admitted, and to hold and enjoy the same, and to receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, but without Liberty to fell any Timber standing thereon, for so long Time only and until by such Rents, Issues, and Profits such Lord shall be fully paid and satisfied such Fine, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges which such Lord shall have been put unto in levying and raising the same, and in obtaining the Possession of such Copyhold Land, although such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic snail happen to die before such Fme and Fines, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid, shall be raised and collected; of all which Rents, Issues, and Profits so to be account yearly; received by such Lord of such Manor, or his Steward, Bailiff, or Servant, upon the Occasion aforesaid, such Lord shall yearly sod every Year, upon Demand to be made by the Person who shall be entitled to the Surplus of the said Rents and Profits, over and above what will pay and satisfy such Fine and Costs and Charges, or by the Person who shall be then entitled to such Copyhold Land, give and render a just and true Account, and shall pay the same Surplus, if any, to such Person as shall be entitled to the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Fine, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or if, after such Seizure and Entry of and upon such Copyhold Land for the Purposes aforesaid, such Fine, sod the Costs and Charges aforesaid, shall be lawfully tendered and offered to be paid and satisfied to the Lord of such Manor, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for such Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatic, or other Person entitled thereto, or the Guardian of such Infant, the Husband of such Feme Covert, or the Committee of such Lunatic, to enter upon and take Possession of and hold the said Copyhold Land according to the Estate or Interest such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall be lawfully entitled to therein, and the Lord of such Manor shall and hereby required in any of the said Cases to deliver Possession thereof accordingly; and if such Lord, after such Fine, and the Costs and Charges aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or after the same shall have been tendered or offered to be paid as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver the Possession of the said Copy-hold Land as aforesaid, he or they shall he liable to and shall make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons so kept out of Possession for all the Damages that he or she shall thereby sustain, and all the Costs and Charges that he or she shall be put unto for the Recovery thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall be admitted to any Copyhold Land, if the Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, or Committee of such Lunatic, shall pay to the Lord of any Manor the Fine legally imposed and set upon such Admittance,

o?thcTRrote*of an(* the Costs and Charges which such Lord of such Manor the Copyhold, shall have been put unto as aforesaid, then it shall be lawfal for every Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, or Committee of such Lunatic, his Executors and Administrators,

to

Guardians or Husbands, or Committees paying Fines, may reimburse themselves out

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 65.

391

to enter into and to hold and enjoy the said Land to which such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall have been so admitted, and receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to his and their own Use, until thereby such Guardian of such Infant, or Husband of such Feme Covert, or Committee of such Lunatic, his Executors and Administrators, shall be fully satisfied and paid all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall respectively pay and disburse upon the Account aforesaid, notwithstanding the Death of such Infants, Femes Covert, or Lunatic shall happen before such Sum or Sums of Money so expended shall or may be so raised and reimbursed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall forfeit any Copyhold Land for his or her Neglect or Refusal to come to any Court to be kept for any Manor whereof such Land is Parcel, and to be admitted thereto, nor for the Omission, Denial, or Refusal of any such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic to pay any Fine imposed or set upon his or her Admittance to any such Land.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Fine imposed in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall not be warranted by the Custom of the Manor, or shall be unlawful, then such Infant, Feme Covert, or Lunatic shall be at liberty to controvert the Legality of such Fine, in such Manner as he or she might have done if this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, not being under Coverture, and for every Feme Covert, (such Feme Covert being solely and secretly examined by the Lord of the Manor whereof the Land of which a Common Recovery is proposed to be suffered shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll, or in ancient Demesne, or otherwise, or by his Steward, or by the Deputy of such Steward,) to appoint any Person to be hi6 or her Attorney, for the Purpose of surrendering the Land of which a Common Recovery shall be proposed to be suffered, to the Use of any Person, to make him Tenant to the Plaint, and also to appoint any other Person to appear for the Person so appointing as Vouchee, and to enter into the usuail Warranty, and to do all other lawful and necessary Acts for the suffering and perfecting of such Common Recovery respectively, and to direct the Demandant in such Common Recovery respectively to surrender the Tenements so recovered, when or after uch Recovery shall be suffered and perfected, to such Uses as shall be declared in the Instrument by which such Attorney shall be respectively appointed; and that the Surrender and Common Recovery which shall be had, acknowledged, and suffered as aforesaid shall have the like Effect, but no other, as such Surrender and Common Recovery would have had if the Party who shall acknowledge such Surrender and suffer such Common Recovery by Attorney, and give such Directions as aforesaid, had'appeared in Court in his or her Person, and acknowledged the said Surrender, and suffered the same Recovery, and had joined in the Surrender to be made by such Defendant.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or a Feme

C c 4 Covert,

No Forfeiture to be incurred by Infant, &c. for not appearing, or revising to pay Fines.

Fines not warranted by Custom, &c. may be controverted.

Persons may appoint Attorneys, &c. for surrendering Lands of which common Recoveries are intended to be suffered, &c.

Guardians of Minors, &c. in order to the

392

C. 65.

! GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Surrender and Renewal of Leases, may apply to the Court of Chancery, &c. and by Order may surrender such Leases, and renew the same, &c.

Committees of Lunatics may in like Manner surrender Leases, and renew the same, &c.

Charges attending Renewal to be charged on the Estates as the Court shall ' set.

Covert, is or shall become entitled to any Lease or Leases made or granted or to be made or granted for the Life or Lives of One or more Person or Persons, or for any Term of Years, either absolute or determinable upon the Death of One or more Person or Persons, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or for his or her Guardian or other Person on his Behalf, and for such Feme Covert, or any Person on her Behalf, to apply to the Court of Chancery in England, the Courts of Equity of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or the Courts of Great Session of the Principality of Wales respectively, as to Land within their respective Jurisdiction, by Petition or Motion in a summary Way; and by the Order and Direction of the said Courts respectively such Infant or Feme Covert, or his Guardian, or any Person appointed in the Place of such Infant or Feme Covert by the said Courts respectively, shall and may be enabled from Time to Time, by Deed or Deeds, to surrender such Lease or Leases, and accept and take, in the Place and for the Benefit of such Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Feme Covert, One or more new Lease or Leases of the Premises comprised in such Lease surrendered by virtue of this Act, for and during such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years determinable upon such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in the Lease or Leases so surrendered at the making thereof respectively, or otherwise as the said Courts shall respectively direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person, being lunatic, shall become entitled to any Lease or Leases made or granted or to be made or granted for the Life or Lives of One or more Person or Persons, or for any Term of Years, either absolute or determinable upon the Death of One or more Person or Persons, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Committee of the Estate of such Person to apply to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, being intrusted by virtue of the King's Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind, by Petition or Motion in a summary Way; and by the Order and Direction of the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, such Committee shall and may be enabled from time to time, by Deed or Deeds, in the Pace of such Lunatic, to surrender such Lease or Leases, and accept and take, in the Name and for the Benefit of such Lunatic, One or more new Lease or Leases of the Premises comprised in such Lease or Leases surrendered, by virtue of this Act, for and dining such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable as aforesaid, as was or were mentioned or contained in the Lease or Leases so surrendered at the making thereof respectively, or otherwise, as the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money and other Consideration paid by any Guardian, Trustee, Committee, or other Person as a Fine, Premium, or Income, or in the Nature of a Fine, Premium, or Income, for the Renewal of any such Lease, and all reasonable Charges incident thereto, shall

be

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 65.

393

be paid out of the Estate or Effects of the Infant or Lunatic for whose Benefit the Lease shall be renewed, or shall be a Charge upon the Leasehold Premises, together with Interest for the same, as the said Courts and Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, respectively shall direct and determine; and as to Leases to be made upon Surrenders by Femes Covert, unless the Fine or Consideration of such Lease and the reasonable Charges shall be otherwise paid or secured, the same, together with Interest, shall be a Charge upon such Leasehold Premises, for the Benefit of the Person who shall advance the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Lease to be renewed as aforesaid shall operate and be to the same Uses, and be liable to the same Trusts, Charges, Incumbrances, Dispositions, Devices, and Conditions, as die Lease to be from Time to Time surrendered as aforesaid was or would have been subject to in case such Surrender had not been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or a Feme Covert, might, in pursuance of any Covenant or Agreement, if not under Disability, be compelled to renew any Lease made or to be made for the Life or Lives of One or more Person or Persons, or for any Term or Number of Years absolute or determinable on the Death of One or more Person or Persons, it shall be lawful to and for such Infant, or his Guardian in the Name of such Infant, or such Feme Covert, by the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order to be made in a Summary Way upon the Petition of such Infant or his Guardian, or of such Feme Covert, or of any Person entitled to such Renewal, from Time to Time to accept of a Surrender of such Lease, and to make and execute a new Lease of the Premises comprised in such Lease, for and during such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms determinable upon such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years absolute, as was or were mentioned in the Lease so surrendered at the making thereof, or otherwise, as the Court by Such Order shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, is or shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any Land in Fee or in Tail, or to any Leasehold Land for an absolute Interest, and it shall appear to the Court of Chancery to be for the Benefit of such Person that a Lease or Under-lease should be made of such Estates for Terms of Years, for encouraging the Erection of Buildings thereon, or for repairing Buildings actually being thereon, or the working of Mines, or otherwise improving the same, or for Farming or other Purposes, it shall be lawful for such Infant, or his Guardian in the Name of such Infant, by the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order to be made in a summary Way upon the Petition of such Infant or his Guardian, to make such Lease of the Land of such Persons respectively, or any Part thereof, according to his or her Interest therein respectively, and to the Nature T>f the Tenure of such Estates respectively, for such Term or Terms of Years, and subject to such Rents and Covenants as the said Court of Chancery shall direct; but in no such Case shall any Fine or Premium be taken, and in

every

New Leases shall be to the same Uses.

Infants empowered to grant Renewals of Leases.

Court of Chancery may authorise Leases to be made of Lands belonging to Infants when it is to the Benefit of the Estate.

J

394

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

If Persons bound to renew are out of the Jurisdiction of the Court, the Renewals may be made by a Person appointed by the Court of Chancery in the Name of the Person who ought to hare renewed.

Committees of Lunatics, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, may accept of Surrenders, and make new Leases.

C. 65.

every such Case the hest Rent that can be obtained, regard being had to the Nature of the Lease, shall be reserved upon such Lease; and the Leases, and Covenants and Provisions therein, shall be settled and approved of by a Master of the said Court, and a Counterpart of every such Lease shall be executed by the Lessee or Lessees therein to be named, and such Counterparts shall be deposited for safe Custody in the Master's Office until such Infant shall attain Twenty-one, but with Liberty to proper Parties to have the Use thereof if required, in the mean Tune, for the Purpose of enforcing any of the Covenants therein contained; provided that no Lease be made of the Capital Mansion House and the Park and Grounds respectively held therewith lor any Period exceeding the Minority of any such Infant.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person who, in pursuance of any Covenant or Agreement in Writing, might, if within the Jurisdiction and amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery, be compelled to execute any Lease by way of Renewal, shall not be within the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Court, it shall be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, by an Order to be made upon the Petition of any Person or any of the Persons entitled to such Renewal (whether such Person be or be not under any Disability), to direct such Person as the said Court shall think proper to appoint for that Purpose, to accept a Surrender of the subsisting Lease, and make and execute a new Lease in the Name of the Person who ought to have renewed the same; and such Deed, executed by the Person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be as valid as if the Person in whose Name the same shall be made had executed the same, and had been alive and not under any Disability; but in every such Case it shall be in the Discretion of the said Court of Chancery, if under the Circumstances it shall seem requisite, to direct a Bill to be filed to establish the Right of the Party seeking the Renewal, and not to make the Order for. such new Lease unless by the Decree to be made in such Cause, or until after such Decree shall have been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being lunatic, is or shall be entitled or has a Right, or in pursuance of any Covenant or Agreement might, if not under Disability, be compelled to renew any Lease made or to be made for the Life or Lives of One or more Person or Persons, or for any Term or Number of Years absolute or determinable on the Death of One or more Person or Persons, or otherwise, it shall be lawful to and for the Committee of the Estate of such Lunatic, in the Name of such Lunatic, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to he signified by an Order to be made in a summary Way upon the Petition of such Committee, or of any Person entitled to such Renewal, from time to time to accept of a Surrender of such Lease, and to make and execute to any Person a new Lease of the Premises comprised in such Lease to be surrendered by virtue of this Act, for and during such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years determinable upon such Number of Lives, or for such Term or Terms of Years absolute, as were mentioned or contained in such Lease so surrendered at the making thereof, or otherwise, as the Lord Chancellor, intrusted

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 65.

S£

as aforesaid, by such Order shall direct; and this Provision shall extend as well to Cases where the Lunatic shall not be compellable to renew, but it shall be for his Benefit to do so, as to Cases where a Renewal might be effectually enforced against the Lunatic if of sound Mind.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no renewed Lease shall be executed by virtue of this Act, in pursuance of any Covenant or Agreement, unless the Fine (if any), or such other Sum or Sums of Money (if any) as ought to be paid on such Renewal, and such Things (if any) as ought to be performed in pursuance of such Covenant or Agreement by the Lessee or Tenant, be first paid and performed, and Counterparts of every renewed Lease to be executed by virtue of this Act shall be duly executed by the Lessee.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Premiums, and Sums of Money, which shall be had, received, or paid for or on account of the Renewal of any Lease, after a Deduction of all necessary incidental Charges and Expences, shall be paid, if such Renewal shall be made by or in the Name of an Infant, to his Guardian, and be applied and disposed of for the Benefit of such Infant, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct; if such Renewal shall be made by a Feme Covert, to such Person or in such Manner as the Court shall direct for her Benefit; if such Renewal shall be made in the Name of any Person out of Jurisdiction or not amenable as aforesaid, to such Person or in such Manner, or into the Court of Chancery to such Account, and to be applied and disposed of as the said Court shall direct; and if such Renewal should be made in the Name of a Lunatic, to the Committee of the Estate of such Lunatic, and be applied and disposed of for the Benefit of such Lunatic, in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct; but upon the Death of such Lunatic, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise by such Fines or Premiums, or so much thereof as shall remain unapplied for the Benefit of such Lunatic at his Death, shall, as between the Representatives of the Real and Personal Estates of such Lunatic, be considered as Real Estate, unless such Lunatic shall be Tenant for Life only, and then the same shall be considered as Personal Estate.

XXII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, 4 after reciting that several Persons had theretofore made and thereafter might make Leases for One or more Life or Lives, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said then Kingdom of Ireland, with Covenants and Agreements in such ' Leases for renewing the same from time to time on the Tender and Payment of some Fine, certain on the Death of any Life or Lives in such Lease or Leases mentioned, by adding such One 4 or more Life or Lives, on Failure of the Life or Lives in being within the respective Times in such Agreements and Covenants mentioned, as the several Lessee or Lessees in such Lease or Leases should nominate; and also reciting, that through one Pretence or other, on the Fall or Failure of any Life or Lives in being, the Lessee or Lessees were greatly delayed before he or they could obtain any Renewal according to the Covenants

and

Fines to be paid before R newals and Counterparts are executed.

Premiums ho to be paid.

On Death of Lunatic, Money arisinj by such Fine! to be conndei ed Real Eetal

The Irish Ad 11 Ann. c.S. continued unaltered.

96

C. 65.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

and Agreements in their Leases, to their very great Discourage- meat; for Remedy whereof it was enacted, that if it should so

happen that any Person or Persons who, in pursuance of such

Agreements for Renewal in such Leases contained br to be coo-

tained, ought to make such new Lease or Leases as had been ' or should be agreed to be made, should be under any Disability

so to do, by reason of Infancy, Coverture* or non compos Mentis, ' that then and in every such Case, (that is to say,) in case of Die-

ability by reason of Infancy or being under Age, by the Direction of the High Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer,

signified by an Order made upon hearing all Parties concerned on ' the Petition of such Lessee or Lessees, it should and might be

lawful to and for the Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or

Person under Age, upon such Lessee or Lessees tendering the

Fine or Fines agreed on in such Lease, and performing all such ' Matters and Things as by the said Covenants and Agreements

ought to be performed on his or their Part and Behalf previous 1 to such Renewal, in such Manner as should by such Order be ' directed, to renew such Lease or Leases by adding such new

Life or Lives as should be named by the said Lessee or Lessees

according to the said Covenants and Agreements, and such

Guardian or Guardians were thereby required to renew such

Lease or Leases by putting in such new Life or Lives as should ' be so named unto them as aforesaid, while the Infant or Minor

of such Guardian or Guardians should be under such Disability

of Infancy or under Age; and it was further enacted, that in all Cases where the Person or Persons who by Covenant or Agreement were obliged to make such Renewals were or should be disabled to renew by reason of being under Coverture, beyond the Seas, or non compos Mentis, it should and might be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor or Commissioner or Commissioners of

the Great Seal of the said then Kingdom of Ireland for the Time being, upon Petition or Complaint made to him or them in the High Court of Chancery, upon Payment of the Fine and such other Sum or Sums of Money as ought to be paid upon such Renewal for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled to the same, and upon the Lessee or Lessees doing and performing all and every such Matters and Things as by the said Covenants or Agreements in the said Lease or Leases ought to be done or ' performed by him or them previous to such Renewal, to order or appoint such Renewal or Renewals to be made by one of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, to be nominated and appointed by the said Lord Chancellor or Commissioner or Commissioned of the Great Seal for the Time being; and such ' Master so nominated and appointed, and also such Guardian and Guardians as aforesaid, should make and execute such Deed of Renewal in the Name of the Person or Persons who ought to have renewed the same; which Deed or Deeds of Renewal so made and executed by the said Guardian or Guardians, Master or Masters, Counterparts thereof being duly perfected by the Lessee or Lessees for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons having the Reversion and Inheritance of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in such Deed or Deeds,

should be as good and effectual in Law and Equity, to all Intents

and

C. 65.

3 9:

and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons under Age had been

of full Age and had executed the same, or as if the other Person ' or Persons under such Disability had not been so disabled and ' had .executed the same; provided such Person or Persons under

Age or under such Disability as aforesaid were at the Time of

the Renewal of such Lease compellable in Law or Equity to ' make such Renewal: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Act, which have been so long in force in Ireland, should remain unaltered; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Act shall be and continue in force in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses and Provisions, and every Part thereof, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and none of the other Provisions in this Act contained for authorizing any Surrenders to be accepted, or any new Lease to be made or executed, for or on the Behalf of any Person who, in pursuance of any Covenant or Agreement for renewal in any Lease contained or to be contained, ought to make such new Lease or Leases, shall extend or be construed to Land in Ireland.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being lunatic, is or shall be seised or possessed of any Land, either for Life or for some other Estate, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Leases, for One, Two, or Three Lives in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or for any Term of Years absolutely, such Power of leasing which is or shall be vested in such Person, being lunatic and having a limited Estate only, shall and may be executed by the Committee of the Estate of such Person, under the Direction and Order of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being lunatic, is or shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any Land in Fee or in Tail, or to any Leasehold Land for an absolute Interest, and it shall appear to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to be for the Benefit of such Person that a Lease or Under-lease should be made of such Estates for Terms of Years, for encouraging the Erection of Buildings therein, or for repairing Buildings actually being thereon, or otherwise improving the same, or for Farming or other Purposes, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to order and direct the Committee of the Estate of such Lunatic to make such Lease of the Land of such Persons respectively, or any Part thereof, according to his or her Interest therein respectively, and to the Nature of the Tenure of such Estates respectively, for such Term or Terms of Years, and subject to such Rents and Covenants, as the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct.

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for making more effectual Her late Majesty* gracious Intentions for augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, it was enacted,

that the Agreements of Guardians for and on behalf of Infants or Idiots under their Guardianship should be as good and effectual

to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Infants or Idiots had

been of full Age and of sound Mind, and had themselves entered

Hie Power of leasing Lands, &c. of Lunatic haring a limited Estate may be executed by the Committee.

Where Lunatics are seised of Estates in Fee or in Tail, or an absolute Interest in Lease hold Estates, the Chancellor may direct Leases to be made.

So much of 1 G.l. c. 10. s 9. as enacts that Agreements of Guardians shall bind Infanta, repealed.

398

C. 65.

ll° GEO. IV. & 1°GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

>uch Agreements may be made by Guardians with the Approbation of the Court, nd by Com-littees with the Approbation of be Lord Chancellor.

Committee of lunatics, by direction of be Lord Chancellor, may convey Land a Performance of Contracts.

The Lord Chancellor may irder the Estates of Lunatics to be old or charged iy Mortgage or raising Honey for the Payment of Debts, &c.

into such Agreements: And whereas it is desirable that the said Powers should be exercised under proper Controul, and that the same should be extended to all Persons against whom a Commission of Lunacy shall have issued Be it further enacted* That so much of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as is herein-before recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardian sf my Infant, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an. Order to be made on the Petition of such Guardian in a summary Way, may enter into any Agreement for or on Behalf of such Infant which such Guardian might have entered into by virtue of the said last-recited Act, if the same had not been repealed; and the Committee of the Estate of any Lunatic, with the Approbation of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to be signified by an Order to be made in the Petition of such Committee in a summary Way, may enter into any Agreement for or on the Behalf of such Lunatic which the Guardian of an Infant might have entered into for or on the Behalf of such Infant by virtue of the said last-recited Act if the same had not been repealed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person who shall have contracted to sell, mortgage, let, divide, exchange, or otherwise dispose of any Land, shall afterwards become lunatic, and a specific Performance of such Contract, either wholly or so far as the same shall remain to be performed, shall have been decreed by the Court of Chancery, either before or after such Lunacy, it shall be lawful for the Committee of the Estate of such Lunatic, in the Place of such Lunatic, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to be signified by an Order to be made on the Petition of the Plaintiff or any of the Plaintifb in such Suit, to convey such Land, in pursuance of such Decree, to such Person and in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct; and the Purchase Money, or so much thereof as remains unpaid, shall be paid to the Committee of such Lunatic.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted* That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to order any Land, of or to which any Person being lunatic shall be seised or possessed or entitled, to be sold, or charged and incumbered by way of Mortgage, or otherwise disposed of, as shall be deemed most expedient for the Purpose of raising Money for Payment of the Debts or Engagements of such Lunatic, the Discharge of any Incumbrances on his Estates, the Costs of applying for and obtaining the Commission of Lunacy and in opposition thereto, and all Proceedings under the said Commission, and the Costs of such Sales, Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, and othet Dispositions, or for any of such Purposes as aforesaid, as sach Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall respectively direct; and that the Monies arising from any such Bale, Mortgage, Charge, Incumbrance, or other Disposition, may be paid, laid out, and applied in Payment of the Debts and Engagements of such Lunatic, the Discharge of any Incumbrances on his Estates, the Costs of applying for and obtaining the Commission of

Lunacy

C. 6&

899

Lunacy and in opposition thereto, and all Proceedings under the same Commission, or incurred under the Order of such Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, and the Costs of such Sales, Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, and other Dispositions, in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct; and to direct the Committee of the Estate of such Person to execute, in the Place of such Person respectively, Conveyances of the Estates so to be sold, mortgaged, incumbered, or disposed of, and to do all such Acts as shall be necessary to effectuate the same, in such Manner as such Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on Surplus of any Sale, Mortgage, Charge, Incumbrance, or other Disposition Monies to be of which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, the Person whose

Estate shall be sold, mortgaged, charged, incumbered, or other- m wise disposed of, and his or her Heirs, next of Kin, Devisees,

Legatees, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have such and the like Interest in the Surplus which shall remain, after answering the Purposes aforesaid, oft he Money raised by such Sale,

Mortgage, Charge, Incumbrance, or other Disposition, as he, she, or they would have had in the Estate by the Sale, Mortgage,

Charge, Incumbrance, or other Disposition of which such Monies shall be raised, if no such Sale, Mortgage, Charge, Incumbrance, or other Disposition had been made; and such Monies shall be of the same Nature and Character as the Estate so sold, mortgaged, charged, incumbered, or disposed of; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to make such Orders, and to direct such Acts and 'Deeds to be done and executed, as shall be necessary for carrying the aforesaid Objects into effect, and for the due Application of such Surplus Monies.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing Act shall not in this Act contained shall extend to subject any Part of the object Estate* Estates of any Person, being lunatic, to the Debts or Demands

of his Creditors, otherwise than as the same are now subject i^tha^ev and liable by due course of Law, but only to authorize the Lord are now Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to make Order in sucft Cases ject. as are herein-before mentioned, when the same shall be deemed just and reasonable, or for the Benefit or Advantage of such Lunatic.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Surrender Surrender and and Lease, Agreement, Conveyance, Mortgage, or other Disposi- Lmms deemed tion respectively, granted and accepted, executed and made, by

virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed as valid and legal to all Intents and Purposes as if the Person by whom, or in whose Place, or on whose Behalf the same respectively shall be granted or accepted, executed and made, had been of full Age, unmarried, or of sane Mind, and had granted, accepted, made, and executed the same; and every such Surrender and Lease respectively made and accepted by or on the Behalf of a Feme Covert shall be valid, without any Fine being levied by her.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Court of Chan-the Court of Chancery, by an Order to be made on the Petition cery or Exche-of the Guardian of any Infant in whose Name any Stock shall be

standing, or any Sum of Money, by virtue of any Act for paying belong-

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

ing to Infants to be applied for Maintenance.

Stock belonging to Lunatics may be ordered by the Lord Chancellor to be transferred.

Where Stock shall be standing in the Names of Lunatics residing out of England, the Lord Chancellor may direct the Transfer.

C.G5.

1 off any Stock, and who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, or if there shall be no Guardian, by an Order to be made in any Cause depending in the said Court, to direct all or any Part of the Dividends due or to become due in respect of such Stocks or .any such Sum of Money, to be paid to any Guardian of such Infant, or to any other Person according to the Discretion of such Court, for the Maintenance and Education or otherwise for the Benefit of such Infant, such Guardian or other Person to whom such Payr ment shall be directed to be made being named in the Order directing such Payment; and the Receipt of such Guardian or other Person for such Dividends or Sum of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be as effectual as if such Infant had attained the Age. of Twenty-one Years, and had signed and given the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Stock shall be standing in the Name of or shall be vested in any Person being lunatic, who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, or shall be standing in the Name of or vested in any Person being Committee of the Estate of a Person found lunatic, in Trust for or as Part of his Property, and such Committee shall have died intestate or shall himself become lunatic, or shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery, or it shall be uncertain whether such Committee be living or dead, or such Committee shall neglect or refuse to transfer such Stock, and to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof to a new Committee, or as he shall direct, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after a Request in Writing for that Purpose shall have been made by any new Committee, then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, upon the Petition of the Committee of the Estates of the Person being lunatic, or of the Person reported by the Master to whom the Matter iB referred as a proper Person to be such Committee, although such Report shall not have been confirmed, to direct such Person as such Lord Chancellor shall think proper to appoint far that Purpose to transfer such Stock to or into the Name of an j new Committee or in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, or such Sum or Sums of Money, in such Manner as such Lord Chancellor shall think proper; and such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Stock shall be standing in the Name of or vested in any Person residing out of England, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, upon Petition, and Proof being made to his or their Satisfaction that such Person has been declared lunatic, and that his Personal Estate has been vested in a Curator or other Person appointed for the Management thereof, according to the Laws of the Place where such Person shall reside, to direct any Person whom such Lord Chancellor shall think proper to appoint for that Purpose to transfer such Stock, or any Part or Parts thereof, into the Name of any such Curator or other such Person as aforesaid, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, as such Lord Chancellor shall think fit; and that such

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C; 65. 401

Transfers and Payments shall be valid.and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Chancery Costs may be or Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, may order the Costs directed to be mid Expences of and relating to the Petitions, Orders, Directions, Conveyances, and Transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the Lands or Stock or the Rents or Dividends in respect of which the same respectively shall be made, in such Manner as the said Court or Lord Chancellor shall think proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Au- Powers given thorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery in England 40

shall extend to all Land and Stock within any of the Dominions, ?al]^7.m Plantations, and Colonies belonging to His Majesty, except Scotland.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and which may be

Authorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery shall and "* by may be exercised in like Manner by, and are hereby given to, ^rtof the Court of Exchequer. icnequer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Powers given Authorities givfen by this Act to the Courts of Chancery and Ex- *> Courts may chequer in England shall and may be exercised in like Manner, !jf e*«dsed in and are hereby given to the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer

in Ireland, with respect to Land and Stock in Ireland *

[Powers given

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great to the Lord Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall extend to all Land and Stock Chancellor of wheresoever, within any of the Dominions, Plantations, and Co- Great Britain» lonies belonging to His Majesty (except Scotland and Ireland).

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authori- which may be ties given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, exercised by intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner 1Loni P1*00*1-by, and are hereby given to, the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, orofIre, Md* intrusted as aforesaid, with respect to all Land and Stock in Ireland, but not further or otherwise.

XLI. And whereas it is desirable that in some Cases Inquisi- Inquisitions on tions taken in England on a Commission in the Nature of a Commissions Writ Delunatico inquirendo, and Writs of Supersedeas of any under t^e Great such Commission, should be acted upon in Ireland in the same Manner as the same may be acted upon in England, and for that transmitted and Purpose shall be placed on Record in Ireland; and that

entered of Re.

Inquisitions on a like Commission executed in Ireland, and Writs cord in Ireland, 4 of Supersedeas of any such Commission, shall be acted on in "d acted on England\ and for that Purpose shall be placed on Record there Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any Person has been or shall be found lunatic or of unsound Mind, and incapable of managing his or her Affairs, by any Inquisition on a Commission in the Nature of a Writ De lunatico inquirendo under the Great Seal of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer, by Order of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, to transmit a Transcript of the Record of such Inquisition to the Chancery of Ireland, and such Transcript shall thereupon be entered of Record, and be as of Record there; and in case a Writ of Supersedeas of any such Commission shall

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

OS

Bowen given to the Lord Chancellor to extend to the Lord Keeper and Commissioners.

Who shall be named in the Orden of the Court for making Transfers.

Act to be an Indemnity to the Bank and other Companies.

C.<55v

issue, the Issue of such Writ shall be certified and transmitted and recorded in like Manner, and the Copies of the Record of any such Inquisition or Supersedeas so transmitted and entered as of Record in the Chancery of Ireland shall, if the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, shall see fit, and so long only as he or they shall so see fit, be acted upon by him or them respectively, and be of the same Force and Validity and hare the same Effect to all Intents and Purposes in Ireland, as if such Inquisition had been taken on a Commission under the Great Seal of Ireland, and such Writ of Supersedeas had been issued under the Great Seal of Ireland; and that in all Cases where any Person has been or shall be found lunatic or of unsound Mind, and incapable of managing his or her Affairs, by any Inquisition on a Commission in the Nature of a Writ De lunatico mquirendo under the Great Seal of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer, by Order of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, to transmit a Transcript thereof in like Manner to the Chancery of England, and such Transcript shall thereupon be entered as of Record there; and in case a Writ of Supersedeas of any such Commission shall issue, d Transcript thereof shall be certified and transmitted to the Chancery of England, and recorded in like Manner; and such Entry of Record of any such Inquisition or Supersedeas shall, if the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall see fit, and so long as he or they shall so see fit, be acted upon by him or them respectively, and be of the same Force and Validity, and have the same Force and Effect, as if such Inquisition had been taken on a Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and such Writ of Supersedeas had been issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by, and are hereby given to, the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, intrusted as aforesaid; and the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by, and ate hereby given to, the Lord Keeper or Commissioners or the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, intrusted as aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which Orders shall be made in pursuance of this Act for the Transfer of Stock, the Person to be named in such Order, for making such Transfer shall be some Officer of such Company or Society in whose Books such Transfer shall be made; and where such Transfer shall be directed to be made in Books kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, such Officer shall be the Secretary or Deputy Secretary, or Accountant General or Deputy Accountant General, for the Time being of the said Governor and Company.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and all other Companies and Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts and Things done or permitted to be dose

C. 65, 66

403

pursuant thereto; and that such Acts and Things shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or £quity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for reducing into One Act all such Forgeries as shall henceforth be punished with Death, and for otherwise amending the Laws relative to Forgery.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS several Offences relating to forged Writings, and to other forged and counterfeit Matters, and to false c Personation, false Oaths, false Entries, and other false Matters,

are now by virtue of several Statutes punishable with Death:

And whereas it is expedient that none of those Offences shall hereafter be punishable with Death, unless the same shall be

made punishable with Death by this Act; and also that the Statutes concerning such of those Offences, whether punishable with Death or otherwise, as may more frequently or seriously affect the Interests of His Majesty or his Subjects, should be

amended, and consolidated into this Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where by any Acts now in force any Person falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, erasing, or altering any Matter whatsoever, or uttering, publishing, offering, disposing of, putting away, or making use of any Matter whatsoever, knowing the same to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited, erased, or altered, or any Person demanding or endeavouring to receive or have any Thing, or to do or cause to be done any Act, upon or by virtue of any Matter whatsoever, knowing such Matter to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited, erased, or altered, would, according to the Provisions contained in any of the said Acts, be guilty of Felony, and liable to suffer Death as a Felon; or where By any Acts now in force any Person falsely personating another, or falsely acknowledging any Thing in the Name of another, or falsely representing any other Person than the real Party to be such real Party, or wilfully making a false Entry in any Book, Account, or Document, or in any Manner wilfully falsifying any Part of any Book, Account, or Document, or wilfully making a Transfer of any Stock, Annuity, or Fund in the Name of any Person not being the Owner thereof, or knowingly taking a false Oath, or knowingly making a false Affidavit or false Affirmation, or demanding or receiving any Money or other Thing by virtue of any Probate or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Wobate shall have been obtained to nave been false or forged, or knowing such Probate or Letters of Administration to have been obtained by means of any false Oath or false Affirmation, would, according to the Provisions contained in any af the said Acts, be guilty of Felony, and liable to suffer Death as a Felon; or where by any Acta now in force any Person making or using, or knowingly having in his Custody or Possession, any Friune, Mould, or Instrument for the making of Paper, with certain Words visible in the Substance thereof, or any Person making

No Forgeries, or other kindred Offences, which are now capital, shall continue so, unless expressly made capital by this Act.

404

C. 66.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

All Forgeries heretofore capital, and not declared so by this Act, shall be punished with Transportation *

Saving of Acts relating to Coin.

Forging the Great Seal, Privy Seal, Privy Signet, Royal Sign Manual, &c. Treason, and capital.

Forging an Exchequer Bill, Exchequer Debenture, East India Bond, Bank Note, Will,

Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, capital.

such Paper, or causing certain Words to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper, would, according to the Provisions contained in any of the said Acts, be guilty of Felony, and liable to suffer Death as a Felon; then, and in each of the several Cases aforesaid, if any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be convicted of any such Felony as is herein-before mentioned, or of aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the Commission thereof, such Person shall not suffer Death for the same, unless the same shall be made punishable with Death by this Act; and if the same shall not be made punishable with Death by this Act, in such Case every Person who shall, after the Commencement of (his Act, be convicted of any such Felony, or of aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the Commission thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or alter any Acts relating to the Coin of this Realm, or to any Coin of any other Realm lawfully current within this Realm.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or conn* terfeit, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or [counterfeited, the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, His Majesty's Privy Seal, any Privy Signet of HU Majesty, His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, any of His Majesty's Seals appointed by the Twenty* fourth Article of the Union to be kept, used, and continued in Scotland, the Great Seal of Ireland, or the Privy Seal of Ireland, every such Offender shall be guilty of High Treason, and shall suffer Death accordingly: Provided always, that nothing contained in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, or in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for improving the Union of the Tvoo Kingdoms, shall extend to any Indictment, or to any Proceedings thereupon, for any of the Treasons herein-before mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or alter, or shall offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Exchequer Bill or Exchequer Debenture, or any Indorsement on or Assignment of any Exchequer Bill or Exchequer Debenture, or any Bond under the Common Seal of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, commonly called an East India Bond, or any Indorsement on or Assignment of any East India Bond, or any Note or Bill of Exchange of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called a Bank Note, a Bank Bill of Exchange* or a, Bank Post Bill, or any Indorsement on or Assignment of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or any Will, Testament, Codicil, or Testamentary Writing, or any Bill of Exchange or any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Indorsement on or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Undertaking, Warrant, or Order for the Payment of Money, with Intent, in any of the Cases aforesaid.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 66.

said, to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

IV. And be it declared and enacted, That where by any Act now in force any Person is made liable to the Punishment of Death for forging or altering, or for offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Instrument or Writing designated in such Act by any special Name or Description, and such Instrument or Writing, however designated, is in Law a Will, Testament, Codicil, or Testamentary Writing, or a Bill of Exchange or a Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or an Indorsement on or Assignment of a Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or an Acceptance of a Bill of Exchange, or an Undertaking, Warrant or Order for the Payment of Money, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, in every such Case the Person forging or altering such Instrument or Writing, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off such Instrument or Writing, knowing the same to be forged or altered, may be indicted as an Offender against this Act, and punished with Death accordingly.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully make any false Entry in, or wilfully alter any Word or Figure in, any of the Books of Account kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or by the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, commonly called the South Sea Company, in which Books the Accounts of the Owners of any Stock, Annuities, or other Public Funds which now are or hereafter may be transferable at the Bank of England or at the South Sea House shall be entered and kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify the Accounts of such Owners in any of the said Books, with Intent in any of the Cases aforesaid to defraud any Person whatsoever; or if any Person shall wilfully make any Transfer of any Share or Interest of or in any Stock, Annuity, or other Public Fund which now is or hereafter may be transferable at the Bank of England or at the South Sea House, in the Name of any Person not being the true and lawful Owner of such Share or Interest, with Intent to defraud any Person whatsoever; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or alter, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Transfer of any Share or Interest of or in any Stock, Annuity, or other Public Fund which now is or hereafter may be transferrable at the Bank of England or at the South Sea House, or of or in the Capital Stock of any Body Corporate, Company, or Society which now is or hereafter may be established by Charter or Act of Parliament, or shall forge or alter, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Power of Attorney or other Authority to transfer any Share or Interest of or in any such Stock, Annuity, Public Fund, or Capital Stock as is hereinbefore mentioned, or to receive any Dividend payable in respect of any such Share or Interest, or shall demand or endeavour to have any such Share or Interest transferred, or to receive any

405

If any Instrument, however designated, is in Law a Bill of Exchange, &c. the Forger of such Instrument may be indicted unde this Act

Making false Entries in the Books in which the Accounts of Public Stock are kept; or Transfer of Public Stock in any other Name than the true Owner's; capital.

Forging a Transfer of any Public Stock or of certain other Stock; Power of Attorney to transfer the same, or to receive Dividends thereon; Transfer of Stock or Receipt of Dividends by false Personation; capital.

406

G66»

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Personating the Owner of any Public Stock or certain other Stock, and endeavouring to transfer or to receive the Dividends; Transportation for Life, Ac *

Forging the Attestation to any Power of Attorney for Transfer of Stock, Ac .; Transportation for Seven Years, &c.

Clerks of the Bank wilfully making out Dividend Warrants for a greater or less Sum than what is really due; Transportation for Seven Years, &c.

Dividend payable in respect thereof, by virtue of any such forged or altered Power of Attorney or other Authority, knowing the same to be forged or altered, with Intent in any of the sevenl Cases aforesaid to defraud any Person whatsoever; or if any Person shall falsely and deceitfully personate any Owner of any such Share, Interest or Dividend as aforesaid, and thereby transfer any Share or Interest belonging to such Owner, or thereby receive any Money due to such Owner as if such Person were the true and lawful Owner; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall falsely and deceitfully personate any Owner of any Share or Interest of or in any Stock, Annuity, or other Public Fund which now is or hereafter may be transferable at the Bank of England or at the South Sea House, or any Owner of any Share or Interest of or in the Capital Stock of any Body Corporate, Company, or Society which now is or hereafter may be established by Charter or Act of Parliament, or any Owner of any Dividend payable in respect of any such Share or Interest as aforesaid, and shall thereby endeavour to transfer any Share or Interest belonging to any such Owner, or thereby endeavour to receive any Money due to any such Owner as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge the Name or Handwriting of any Person as or purporting to be a Witness attesting the Execution of any Power of Attorney or other Authority to transfer any Share or Interest of or in any such Stock, Annuity, Public Fund, or Capital Stock as is hereinbefore mentioned, or to receive any Dividend payable in respect of any such Share or Interest, or shall utter any such Power of Attorney or other Authority, with the Name or Handwriting of any Person forged thereon as an attesting Witness, knowing the same to be forged, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Tens of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years nor less than One Year.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of, or other Person employed or intrusted by, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Governor and Company of Merchants commonly cmled the South Sea Company, shall knowingly make out or deliver any Dividend Warrant for a greater or less Amount than the Person or Persons on whose Behalf such Dividend Warrant shall be made out is or are entitled to, with Intent to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Yean,

to

* 07

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. Q.66,

te be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years nor less than One Year.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or alter, or shall offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Deed, Bond, or Writing Obligatory, or any Court Roll or Copy of any Court Roll relating to any Copyhold or Customary Estate, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, or any accountable Receipt either for Money or Goods, or for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant, Order, or Request for the Delivery or Transfer of Goods, or for the Delivery of any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, with Intent to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Offender shall be guilty of felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years or less than Two Years.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, before any Court, Judge, or other Person lawfully authorized to take any Recognizance or Bail, acknowledge any Recognizance or Bail in the Name of any other Person not privy or consenting to the same, whether such Recognizance or Bail in either Case be or be not filed; or if any Person shall, in the Name of any other Person not privy or consenting to the same, acknowledge any Fine, Recovery, Cognovit actionem, or Judgment, or any Deed to be enrolled; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused, purchase or receive from any other Person, or have in his Custody or Possession, any forged Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same respectively to be forged, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, without the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be proved by the Party accused, make or use, or shah, without lawful Excuse, to be proved by the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Frame, Mould, or Instrument for the making of Paper with the Words " Bank of England99 visible in the Substance of the Paper, or for the making of Paper with curved or waving Bar Lines, or with the Laying Wire Lines thereof in a waving or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words in Roman Letters, visible in the Substance of the Paper; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, manufacture, use, sell, expose to Sale, utter, or dispose of, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid,

D d 4 knowingly

Forging a Deed, Bond, Receipt for Money or Goods, or an accountable Receipt, or an Order for Delivery of Goods; Transportation for Life, &c.

Fraudulently acknowledging any Recognisance, Bail, Fine, Recovery, or Judgment, in the Name of another; Transportation for Life, &c.

Knowingly purchasing or receiving, or having in Possession, forged Bank Notes; Transportation for 14 Years.

Making or having, without Authority, any Mould for making Paper with the Words " Bank of England'* visible in the Substance, or for making Paper with curved Bar Lines, &c., or selling such Paper; Transportation for 14 Years.

408

C. 66.

11° GEO. IV. & I4 GUL. IV. AiD. 18SCT

Proviso as to Paper used for Bills of Exchange, &c.

knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper whatsoever with the Words " Bank of England 99 visible in the Substance of the Paper, or any Paper with curved or waving Bar Lines, or with the Laying Wire Lines thereof in a waving or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum, or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words in Homan Letters, appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper; or if any Person, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, shall, by any Art or Contrivance, cause the Words " Bank of England* to appear visible-in the Substance of any Paper, or cause the Numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words in Roman Letters, to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Person from issuing any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note having the Amount thereof expressed in Guineas, or in a Numerical Figure or Figures denoting the Amount thereof in Pounds Sterling appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed, nor shall prevent any Person from making, using, or selling any Paper having waving or curved Lines, or any other Devices in the Nature of Watermarks, visible in the Substance of the Paper, not being Bar Lines or Laying Wire Lines, provided the same are not so contrived as to form the Groundwork or Texture of the Paper, or to resemble the waving or curved Laying Wire Lines or Bar Lines or the Watermarks of the Paper used by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or in anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood,

* ote, Stone, or other Material, any Promissory Note or Bill of Ex-Note, ic^or change, or Blank Promissory Note or Blank Bill of Exchange, or using or having Part of a Promissory Note or Bill of Exchange, purporting to be sach Plate, &c., a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, without the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be proved by the Party accused; or if any Person shall use such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or any other Instrument or Device, for the making or printing any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid; or if any Person shall, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or any such Instrument or Device; or if any Ptersoa shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid* knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off any Paper upon which any Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank

Bank

Engraving on any Plate, &c.

or uttering or having Paper upon which a Blank Bank Note, &c. shall be printed, without Authority; Transportation for 14 Years.

C. 6tf.

409

Barik Post Bill, or Pun of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, shall be made or printed; or if any Person shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any such Paper; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or ia anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Word, Number, Figure, Character, or Ornament, the Impression taken from which shall resemble, or apparently be intended to resemble, any Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, without the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be proved by the Party accused; or if any Person shall use any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or any other Instrument or Device, for the making upon any Paper or other Material the Impression of any Word, Number, Figure, Character, or Ornament which shall resemble, or apparently be intended to resemble, any Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, without such Authority) to be proved as aforesaid; or if any Person shall without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or any such Instrument or Device; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off any Paper or other Material upon which there shall be an Impression of any such Matter as aforesaid; or if any Person shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any Paper or other Material upon which there shall be an Impression of any such Matter as aforesaid; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall make or use any Frame, Mould, or Instrument for the Manufacture of Paper, with the Name or Firm of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying on the Business of Bankers (other, than and except the Bank of England) appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper, without the Authority of such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company, the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused; or if any Person shall, without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any such Frame, Mould, or Instrument; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, manufacture, use, sell, expose to Sale, utter, or dispose of, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper in the Substance of which the Name or Firm of any such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying on the Business of Bankers shall appear visible; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, cause the Name or Firm of any such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying on the Business of

Bankers

Engraving on' any Plate, Sec. any Word, Number, or Ornament resembling any Part of a Bank Note, &c., or using or having any such Plate, &c., or uttering or having any Paper on which there shall be an Impression of any Word, Number, &c .; Transportation for 14 Years.

Making or having in Possession any Mould for manufacturing Paper, with the Name of any Bankers appearing in the Substance; manufacturing or having such Paper; or causing the Name to appear in the Substance of any Paper; Transportation for 14 Years, &c.

CL 66.

11 GEO. IV. & I GUL. IV- A.D. 1830.

Engraving on any Plate, &c. any Bill of Exchange or Promiraorj Kota of any Banker *, or any Word* resembling the Subscription subjoined thereto, or using any such Plate; or uttering or haring any Paper upon which any Part of any such BUI or Note shall be printed; Transportation for 14 Years, &c.

Engraving

Plates, &c. for Foreign Bills or Notes; using or haring such Plates; or uttering any Paper on which any Part of such Foreign Bill or Note may be printed; transportation *4 Years,

Bankers to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or in anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Part of any BUI of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill or Note, or Part of the Bill or Note, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying-on the Business of Bankers, (other than and except the bank of England,) without the Authority of such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company, the Proof of which Authority shall fie on the Party accused; or if any Person shall engrave or make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, any Subscription subjoined to any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money issued by any such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying on the Business of Bankers, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, use, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved by the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material upon which 8ny such Bill or Note, or Part thereof, or any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, such Subscription shall be engraved or made; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any Part of such Bill or Note, or any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, any such Subscription shall be made or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or m anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for Payment of Money, or any Part of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for Payment of Money, in whatever Language or Languages the same may be expressed, and whether the same shall or shall not be or be intended to be under Seal, purporting to be the Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order, or Part of the Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order, of any Foreign Prince or State, or of any Minister or Officer in the Service of any Foreign Prince or State, or of any Body Corporate, or Body of the like Nature, constituted or recognized

C. 66.

411

by any Foreign Prince or State, or of any Person or Company of Persons resident in any Country, not under the Dominion of His Majesty, without the Authority of such Foreign Prince or State, Minister or Officer, Body Corporate or Body of the like Nature, Person or Company of Persons, the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, use, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved by the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Plate, Stone, Wood, or other Material upon which any such Foreign Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order, or any Part thereof, shall be engraved or made; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly utter, dispose of, or put off, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any Part of such Foreign Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order shall be made or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Yean nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause or permit to be inserted, in any Register of Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials, which'hath been or shall be made or kept by the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister of any Parish, District-Parish, or Chapelry in England, any false Entry of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, or shall forge or alter in any such Register any Entry of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial; or shall utter any Writing as and for a Copy of an Entry in any such Register of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, knowing such Writing to be false, forged, or altered; or if any Person shall utter any Entry in any such Register of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, knowing such Entry to be false, forged, or altered, or shall utter any Copy of such Entry, knowing such Entry to be false, forged, or altered, or shall wilfully destroy, deface, or injure, or cause or permit to be destroyed, defaced, or injured, any such Register or any Part thereof; or shall forge or alter, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Licence of Marriage; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister of any Parish, District-Parish, or Chapelry, who shall discover any Error in the Form or Substance of the Entry in the Register of any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial respectively by him solemnized, shall be liable to any of the Penalties herein mentioned if he shall, within One Calendar Month after the Discovery of such Error, in the Presence of the Parent or Parents of the Child baptized, or of the Parties married,

or

Inserting any false Entry in any Register of Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials; forging or altering any such Entry; uttering any false or forged Entry; destroying, &c. the Register; forging any Licence of Marriage; Transportation for Life, &c.

Rector, &c. not liable to any Penalty for correcting, in the Mode prescribed, accidental Errors in the Register.

C. 66 *

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Inserting in any Copy of m Register of Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials, transmitted to the Registrar, any false Entry; or forging or verifying any Copy knowing it to be false; Transportation for Seven Years, &c.

The Punishments of 5 Elis, c. 14. so far as they have been adopted by other Acts, shall be repealed, and other Punishments substituted.

or in the Presence of Two Persons who shall have attended at any Burial, or in the Case of the Death or Absence of the respective Parties aforesaid, then in the Presence, of the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, correct the Entry which shall have been found erroneous, according to the Truth of the Case, by Entry in the Margin of the Register wherein such erroneous Entry shall have been made, without any Alteration or Obliteration of the original Entry, and shall sign such Entry in the Margin, and add to such Signature the Day of the Month and Year when such Correction shall be made; and such Correction and Signature shall be attested by the Parties in whose Presence the same are directed to be made as aforesaid: Provided also, that in the Copy of the Register which shall be transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese, the said Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister shall certify the Corrections so made by him as aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas Copies of the Registers of Baptisms, Mar- riages, and Burials, such Copies being signed and verified by the written Declaration of the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating

Minister of every Parish, District-Parish, and Chapelry in England where the Ceremonies of Baptism, Marriage, and Burial may lawfully be performed, are directed by Law to be (made and transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese within ' which such Parish, District-Parish, or Chapelry may be situated Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause or permit to be inserted, in any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, any false Entry of any Matter relating to any. Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, or shall forge or alter, or snail utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully sign or verify any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, which Copy shall be false in any Part thereof, knowing the same to be false, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years nor less than One Year.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Forgers of Deeds and lVritings> it is, amongst* other Things, provided, that every Person convicted of any of the Offences first

enumerated in that Act shall pay to the Party grieved his Double Costs and Damages, and shall forfeit to the Crown the whole Issues of his Lands and Tenements during his Life, and shall also suffer Imprisonment during his Life: And whereas there are certain Acts by which Persons convicted of certain Offences, mentioned in those Acts, are subjected to the 'same Pains and Penalties as are imposed by the said Act of Queen Elizabeth for the Offences first enumerated in that Act: And whereas the said Act of Elizabeth is hereinafter repealed; and it is expedient to substitute other Punishments in lieu of the Punishments of that Act, so far as the same have been adopted by any other Acts; Be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall after the Commencement of this Act be convicted of

any

C. 66.

41S

any Offence which is now subjected, by any Act or Acts, to the same Pains and Penalties as are imposed by the said Act of Queen Elizabeth for any of the Offences first enumerated in that Act, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall, in lieu of such Pains and Penalties, be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall commit any Offence against this Act, or shall commit any Offence of forging or altering any Matter whatsoever, or of offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off any Matter whatsoever, knowing the same to be forged or altered, whether the Offence in any such Case shall be indictable at Common Law or by virtue of any Statute or Statutes made or to be made, the Offence of every such Offender may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished, and laid and charged to have been committed, in any County or Place in which be shall be apprehended or be in Custody, as if his Offence had been actually committed in that County or Place; and every Accessory before or after the Fact to any such Offence, if the same be a Felony, and every Person aiding, abetting, or counselling the Commission of any such Offence, if the same be a Misdemeanor, may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished, and his Offence laid and charged to have been committed in any County or Place in which the principal Offender may be tried.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in the Case of every Felony punishable under this Act, every Principal in the Second Degree, and every Accessory before the Fact, shall be punishable with Death, or otherwise, in the same Manner as the Principal in the First Degree is by this Act punishable; and every Accessory after the Fact to any Felony punishable under this Act shall, on Conviction, be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence punishable under this Act, for which Imprisonment may be awarded, it shall be lawful for the Court to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and also to direct that the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for the Whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, as to the Court in its Discretion shall seem meet.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Offence punishable under this Act shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, the same shall be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any other Offence committed within that Jurisdiction.

XXVIII. And be it declared and enacted, That where the having any Matter in the Custody or Possession of any Person is in this Act expressed to be an Offence, if any Person shall have any such Matter in his personal Custody or Possession, or shall knowingly and wilfully have any such Matter in any Dwelling House or other Building, Lodging, Apartment, Field, or other Place, open or enclosed, whether belonging to or occupied by himself or not, and whether such Matter shall be 60 had for his own Use or

for

All Forgers and Utterers may be tried in the County where they are apprehended or are in Custody.

As to Principals in the Second Degree and Accessories.

The Court may order hard Labour or soli-, tary Confinement for Offences against, this Act.

As to Offence* committed at ' Sea.

Rule of Interpretation as to criminal Possession, and as to Parties intended to be defrauded.

414

C. 66 *

This Act not to extend to Scotland or Ireland;

but to apply to the forging or uttering in England Documents purporting to be made, or actually made, out of England;

and to the forging or uttering in England Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bonds, &c. purporting to be payable out of England.

iV GEO. IV. fc 1° GUI. IVw 4.T>:\9toK

for the Ule or Benefit of another, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to have such Matter in his Custody or Possession within the Meaning of this Act; and where the committing any Offence with Intent to defraud any Person whatsoever is made punishable by this Act, in every such Case the word " Person" shall throughout tins Act be deemed to include His Majesty or any Foreign Prince or State, or any Body Corporate, or any Company or Society of Persons not incorporated, or any Person or Number of Persons whatsoever who may be intended to be defrauded by such Offence, whether such Body Corporate, Company, Society, Penon, or Number of Persons shall reside or carry on Business in England or elsewhere, in any Place or Country, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty or not; and it shall be sufficient in any Indictment to name One Penon only of such Company, Society, or Number of Persons, and to allege the Offence to nave been committed with Intent to defraud the Person so named, and another or othen, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Offence committed in Scotland or Ireland.

XXX. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That where the forging or altering any Writing or Matter whatsoever, or the offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off any Writing or Matter whatsoever, knowing the same to be forged or altered, is in this Act expressed to be an Offence, if any Person shall, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, forge or alter, or offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any such Writing or Matter, m whatsoever Place or Country out of England, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty or not, such Writing or Matter may purport to be made or may have been made, and in whatever Language or Languages the same or any Part thereof may be expressed, every such Person, and every Person aiding, abetting, or counselling such Person, shall be deemed to be an Offender within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be punishable thereby in the same Manner as if the Writing or Matter had purported to be made or had been made in England; and if any Person shall in England forge or alter, or offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Bill of Exchange or any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Indorsement on or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Undertaking, Warrant, or Order for the Payment of Money, or any Deed, Bond, or Writing Obligatory for the Payment of Money, (whether such Deed, Bond, or Writing Obligatory shall be made only for the Payment of Money, or for the Payment of Money together with some other Purpose,) in whatever Place or Country out of England, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty or not, the Money payable or secured by such Bill, Note, Undertaking, Warrant, Order, Deed, Bond, or Writing Obligatory may be or may purport to be payable, and in whatever Language or Languages the same respectively or any Part thereof may be expressed, and whether such Bill, Note, Undertaking, Warrant, or Older be or be not under Seal, every such Person, and every Parson aiding, abetting, or counselling such Person^ shall be deemed

to

C. 6&

#15

to be an Offender within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be punishable thereby in the same Manner as if the Money had been payable or had purported to be payable in England.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That so much of a Statute made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third as relates to counterfeiting the King's Great or Privy Seal, and so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled An Act that the counterfeiting of strange Coins being current within this Realm, the Queenfs Highness' Sign Manual, Signet, or Privy Seal, be adjudged Treason, as relates to forging or counterfeiting the Queen's Sign Manual, Privy Signet, or Privy Seal; and an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Forgers of Jake Deeds and Writings; and an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act against such as shall levy any Fine, suffer any Recovery, acknowledge any Statute, Recognizance, Bail, or Judgment in the Name of any other Person or Persons not being privy and consenting thereto; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster, as relates to any Offence thereby made Felony; and so much of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King Wd* liam the Third, intituled An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising the Public Credit, as relates to forging or counterfeiting the Common Seal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any sealed Bank Bill, or any Bank Note, or altering or raising any Indorsement on any Bank Bill or Note; and so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as relates to counter* felting* Her Majesty's Seals, appointed by the Twenty-fourth Article of the Union to be kept, used, and continued in Scotland; and so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the Mischiefs by forging Powers to transfer such Stocks or to receive such Annuities or Dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently person-ating the true Owners thereof; and to rectify Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Subscriptions for increasing the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, and in the Instrument founded thereupon, as relates to any forgery or other capital Felony therein mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for better securing the Monies and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the 'counterfeiting of East India Bonds and Indorsements thereon, as like-tsnse Indorsements on South Sea Bonds, as relates to any Person who shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Bond or Obligation of the East India Company, or any Indorsement or Assignment thereon, or on any Bond or Obligation of the South Sea Company, or shall utter or publish the same knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited; and the whole of an Act

Repeal of 25 Edw. S. *tall 5. c. 2.

1 Mar. stat, 2. c. 6.

5 Eh*. c. 14.

21 Jac.l. c. 26.

4 W. & M. c. 4. s.4.

8 & 9 W.S. c. 20. s. 36 *

7 Anne, c. 21.

* .9.

8 G.l. c. 22.

s. I.

12 G.l. c. 32. a. 9.

C. 66.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.B. 1830.

2 G.2. c. 25. except s.2.

7 G.2. c. 22.

15 G.2. c. 1S.

8.U.

31 G.2. c. 22. c. 77. & 78.

4 G.8. c. 25. 8.15.

13 G.3. c. 79.

18 G.3. c. 18.

27 G.S. c. 4S. 8.4.

Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds* Notes* or other Securities for Payment of Money, except so far as relates to Perjury and Subornation of Perjury; and an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or Principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes* Bills* or other Securitiesfor Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods; and so much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company if the Bank if England for advancing the Sum if One million six hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-two* as relates to any Person who shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any Bank Note or other Matter specified in the said Act, or shall Imowingly offer, dispose of, or put away such forged, counterfeit, or altered Note or other Matter, or knowingly demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, as in the said Act is mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions* and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum if Five Millions by Annuities and a Battery* to be charged on the said Rates and Duties, as relates to any Forgery or other capital Felony therein mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof* as relates to any Forgery or other capital Felony therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the Notes or Bills if the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company; and an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to explain an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second* intituled 1 An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of ' Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or Principal Sums of account-

able Receipts for Notes, Bills* or other Securities for Payment of 1 Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment if Money or Delivery 1 if Goods; and so much of an Act passed in the Twen ty-seven th Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use if in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester, and for taking of. Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court* aa relates to any Offence thereby made Felony; and an Act passed in the

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 66.

417

Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England; and an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney or other Authorities, or Instruments for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be made transferrable at the Bank of England, orfor the Tran far of any Part of the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, orfor the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stocky or any Stocks or Funds under the Management of the South Sea Company, orfor the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Slock of the East India Company, or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of such Stocks or Funds; and an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills; and an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange, and of Foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money, as in anywise relates to any Foreign Bill of Exchange, or Foreign Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for the Payment of Money; and an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the Punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every Part of Great Britain; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the 9&me Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, as relates to any Forgery or other capital Felony therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company; and so much of an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials in England, as relates to any Felony therein mentioned; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, as relates to any Person who shall knowingly and wilfully insert in the Register Book any false Entry of any Matter relating to any Marriage, or shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit any such Entry in the Register, or any Licence of Marriage, or shall utter or publish as true any false, altered, forgered, or counterfeited Register of Marriage, or a Copy thereof, or any false, altered, forged, or counterfeited 11 Geo. IV. & 1 Gul. IV. E e Licence

S3 0.3. c. 90.

37 G.S. C. 122.

41 G.S. (U.K.) c. 39.

41 G.S. c. 57.

43 G.S. c. 139.

». J.&2.

45 G.S, c. 89.

48 G.S. c.l. s. 9.

52 G.S. c.l38.

52 G.S. C.l46. 8. 14.

4 G.4. c. 76. b. 29.

a 66.

11° GEO. iy. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Engraving on any Plate, &c. any Bill of Exchange or Fromisaoiy Note of any Bankera, or any Words resembling the Subscription subjoined thereto, or using any such Plate; or uttering or haring any Paper upon which .any Part of any such BUI or Note shall be printed; Transportation for 14 Years, &c.

Engraving Plates, &c. for Foreign Bills or Notes; using or baring such Plates; or uttering any Paper on which any Part of such Foreign Bill or Note may be printed; Transportation for 14 Years, &c.

Bankers to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year,

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or in anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Part of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill or Note, or Part of the Bill or Note, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying-on the Business of Bankers, (other than and except the bank of England,) without the Authority of such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company, the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused; or if any Person shall engrave or make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, any Subscription subjoined to any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money issued by any such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, or Company carrying on the Business of Bankers, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, use, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved by the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material upon which any such Bill or Note, or Part thereof, or any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, such Subscription shall be engraved or made; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any Part of such Bill or Note, or any Word or Words resembling, or apparently intended to resemble, any such Subscription shall be made or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall engrave or in anywise make upon any Plate whatever, or upon any Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for Payment of Money, or any Part of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking, or Order for Payment of Money, in whatever Language or Languages the same may be expressed, and whether the same shall or shall not be or be intended to be under Seal, purporting to be the Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order, or Part of the Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order, of any Foreign Prince or State, or of any Minister or Officer in the Service of any Foreign Prince or State, or of a&y Body Corporate, or Body of the like Nature, constituted or recognized

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 68. *U

by any Foreign Prince or Stale, or of any Person or Company of Persons resident in any Country, not under the Dominion of His Majesty, without the Authority of such Foreign Prince or State, Minister or Officer, Body Corporate or Body of the like Nature, Person or Company of Persons, the Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, use, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved by the Party accused, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Plate, Stone,

Wood, or other Material upon which .any such Foreign Bill, Note,

Undertaking, or Order, or any Part thereof, shall be engraved or made; or if any Person shall, without such Authority, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly utter, dispose of, or put off, or shall, without lawful Excuse, to be proved as aforesaid, knowingly have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any Part of such Foreign Bill, Note, Undertaking, or Order shall be made or printed; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly Inserting any and wilfully insert, or cause or permit to be inserted, in any Register of Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials, which hath been or shall be made or kept by the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating riages, or Minister of any Parish, District-Parish, or Chapelry in England, Burials; forg-any false Entry of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, "g or altering or Burial, or shall forge or alter in any such Register any Entry nywch Entry of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial; or forged

shall utter any Writing as and for a Copy of an Entry in any such Entry. Register of any Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or straying, &c. Burial, knowing such Writing to be false, forged, or altered; or the Register; if any Person shall utter any Entry in any such Register of any ^g*ng a"y Matter relating to any Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, knowing such Marrira Entry to be false, forged, or altered, or shall utter any Copy of Tnmsportition such Entry, knowing such Entry to be false, forged, or altered, for Life, &c. or shall wilfully destroy, deface, or injure, or cause or permit to be destroyed, defaced, or injured, any such Register or any Part thereof; or shall forge or alter, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Licence of Marriage; every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Terra not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rector, Rector, &c. Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister of any Parish, District- not liable to Parish, or Chapelry, who shall discover any Error in the Form or "y Penalty for Substance of the Entry in the Register of any Baptism, Marriage, ^Mod?' m or Burial respectively by him solemnized, shall be liable to any of bribed, accL* the Penalties herein mentioned if he shall, within One Calendar dental Errors Month after the Discovery of such Error, in the Presence of the in the Re-Parent or Parents of the Child baptized, or of the Parties married, gister-

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 183a

, 413

Inserting in any Copy of a Register of Baptisms, Marriages, or Burials, transmitted to the Registrar, any false Entry; or forging or verifying any Copy knowing it to be false; Transportation for Seven years, &c.

The Punishments of 5 Elia-c. 14. so far as they have been adopted by other Acts, shall be repealed, and other Punishments substituted.

C«66.

or in the Presence of Two Persons who shall have attended at any Burial, or in the Case of the Death or Absence of the respective Parties aforesaid, then in the Presence, of the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, correct the Entry which shall have been found erroneous, according to the Truth of the Case, by Entry in the Margin of the Register wherein such erroneous Entry shall have been made, without any Alteration or Obliteration of* the original Entry, and shall sign such Entry in the Margin, and add to such Signature the Day of the Month and Year when such Correction shall be made; and such Correction and Signature shall be attested by the Parties in whose Presence the same are directed to be made as aforesaid: Provided also* that in the Copy of the Register which shall be transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese, the said Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister shall certify the Corrections so made by him as aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas Copies of the Registers of Baptisms, Mar-

riages, and Burials, such Copies being signed and verified by the ' written Declaration of the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating

Minister of every Parish, District-Parish, and Chapelry in England where the Ceremonies of Baptism, Marriage, and Burial may lawfully be performed, are directed by Law to be

made and transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese within which such Parish, District-Parish, or Chapelry may be situated Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person snail knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause or permit to be inserted, in any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, any false Entry of any Matter relating to any. Baptism, Marriage, or Burial, or shall forge or alter, or shall utter knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully sign or verify any Copy of any Register so directed to be transmitted as aforesaid, which Copy shall be false in any Part thereof, knowing the same to be false, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years nor less than One Year.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Forgers of false Heeds and Writings, it is, amongst* other Things, provided, that every Person convicted of any of the Offences first enumerated in that Act shall pay to the Party grieved his

Double Costs and Damages, and shall forfeit to the Crown the whole Issues of his Lands and Tenements during his Life, and shall also suffer Imprisonment during his Life: And whereas there are certain Acts by which Persons convicted of certain Offences, mentioned in those Acts, are subjected to the 'same Pains and Penalties as are imposed by the said Act of Queen Elizabeth for the Offences first enumerated in that Act: And whereas the said Act of Elizabeth is hereinafter repealed; and it is expedient to substitute other Punishments in lieu of the Punishments of that Act, so far as the same have been adopted by any other Acts Be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall after the Commencement of this Act be convicted of

C. 66.

41 *

A.D. 1830. 1P GEO. IV. & 1°GUL.IV.

any Offence which is now subjected, by any Act or Acts, to the same Pains and Penalties as are imposed by the said Act of Queen Elizabeth for any of the Offences first enumerated in that Act, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall, in lieu of such Pains and Penalties, be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall commit any Offence against this Act, or shall commit any Offence of forging or altering any Matter whatsoever, or of offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off any Matter whatsoever, knowing the same to be forged or altered, whether the Offence in any such Case shall be indictable at Common Law or by virtue of any Statute or Statutes made or to be made, the Offence of every such Offender may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished, and laid and charged to have been committed, in any County or Place in which he shall be apprehended or be in Custody, as if his Offence had been actually committed in that County or Place; and every Accessory before or after the Fact to any such Offence, if the same be a Felony, and every Person aiding, abetting, or counselling the Commission of any such Offence, if the same be a Misdemeanor, may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and punished, and his Offence laid and charged to have been committed in any County or Place in which the principal Offender may be tried.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in the Case of every Felony punishable under this Act, every Principal in the Second Degree, and every Accessory before the Fact, shall be punishable with Death, or otherwise, in the same Manner as the Principal in the First Degree is by this Act punishable; and every Accessory after the Fact to any Felony punishable under this Act shall, on Conviction, be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence punishable under this Act, for which Imprisonment may be awarded, it shall be lawful for the Court to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and also to direct that the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for the Whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, as to the Court in its Discretion shall seem meet.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Offence punishable under this Act shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, the same shall be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any other Offence committed within that Jurisdiction.

XXVIII. And be it declared and enacted, That where the having any Matter in the Custody or Possession of any Person is in this Act expressed to be an Offence, if any Person shall have any such Matter in his personal Custody or Possession, or shall knowingly and wilfully nave any such Matter in any Dwelling House or other Building, Lodging, Apartment, Field, or other Place, open or enclosed, whether belonging to or occupied by himself or not, and whether such Matter shall be 60 had for his own Use or

for

All Forgers and Utterers may be tried in the County where they are apprehended or are in Custody.

As to Principals in the Second Degree and Accessories.

The Court may order hard Labour or solitary Confinement for Offences against, this Act.

As to Offences committed at ' Sea.

Rule of Interpretation as to criminal Possession, and as to Parties intended to be defrauded.

422

C. 67.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

For removing Doubts as to the Tolls to be taken at the Gates between Coventry and AUesley.

said late Majesty, with Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to use, exercise, and put in force all the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, and Provisions which might be put in force by the said Trustees for the demanding, receiving, and recovering the said Tolls; and in case the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust shall neglect or refuse to account for or pay over to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the Tolls so authorized to be collected by the said Trustees as directed by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, as aforesaid, and this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to seize the Toll Gate or Bar and Toll House and Side Gate so erected and set up by the said Trustees as aforesaid, and any other Gate or Bar to be erected by the said Trustees across or by the Side of the said new Piece of Road, and in like Manner to collect, demand, and receive the Tolls which the said Trustees might have collected, demanded, and received.

1 V. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh and (Eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty it is recited, that ' by an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for improve ing the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry, the 1 Trustees acting in execution of that Act were authorized to erect Toll Gates across or on the Sides of the Streets and Lanes therein particularly mentioned, and across or on the Sides of any Roads to be made, widened, or straightened, under the Powers of that Act, and across the End of any Lane or Way leading into the same, and to collect at such Toll Gates the Tolls in the said Act 4 mentioned; and reciting that as soon as so much of the new Piece of Road therein-before directed to be made as lay between the Site of the late Walls of the City of Coventry and Hertford Street in the said City, and so much of the said new Piece of Road as lay between Saint John's Church in the said City and the Village of AUesley, should be respectively completed and opened to the Public, it would be expedient that the Toll Gates therein-after ' mentioned should be erected, and the Tolls therein-after mentioned should be collected; it was, by the now reciting Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to erect a Toll Gate in the said City of Coventry across the new Line of Road near Little Park Street, and another Toll Gate across the said new Line of Road from Coventry to the Village ' of Allesley, near Saint John's Church aforesaid, together with any Side Gates on any Part of the said new Line of Road, with Toll Houses thereto: And whereas by the said recited Act of the ' Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, (after reciting the ' said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, as herein-before recited,) it is recited, that the said (new Piece of Road between Saint Johns Church, in the said Gty 4 of Coventry, and the Village of AUesley, was then forming, and

would

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 67.

423

would be shortly completed and finished, and that it would be ' expedient that the Toll Gate by the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty authorized to be erected across the new Road near Saint Johns Church aforesaid should be erected, as soon as such last-mentioned Piece of Road should be completed and opened to the

Public, it was, by the now reciting Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said re-

cited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty as aforesaid, as soon as the said new Line of Road then forming

between Saint John's Church, in the City of Coventry, and the Village of AUesley aforesaid, should be completed, to erect such Toll Gate across the said new Line of Road at any Place within Half a Mile of Saint Johns Church aforesaid, together with Side Gates on any Part of the said new Line of Road, with Toll Houses thereto: And whereas the said new Line of Road between Saint John's Church, in the City of Coventry, and the Village of AU 4 ledey, hath been some time since completed and opened to the Public, and the Toll Gate authorized and directed by the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to be erected across the last-mentioned new Line of Road, with (Side Gates thereto, hath been erected and finished, and the several Tolls authorized and directed by the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Eighth and the Ninth Years of the Reign of His 4 said Majesty to be levied and collected at the said Toll Gate and Side Gates have been, since the said new Line of Road was completed and finished, and are now, collected and taken by the said Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Act of the Fifty-

second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Third: And whereas that Portion of the said new Line of Road authorized and directed to be made by the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, which lies between the Site of the East

Walls of the City of Coventry and Hertford Street in the said

City, is not yet made or formed, and Doubts have arisen whe-

ther the said last-mentioned Trustees are authorized and empowered, previously to the said last-mentioned Portion of the said Line of Road being completed and opened to the Public, 4 to take Tolls at the said Gates so erected across and on the Side of the said new Line of Road between Saint Johns Church, in the City of Coventry, and the Village of AUesley aforesaid; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the said Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Act of the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third were and are by the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Eighth Years and of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth empowered and required, and the said Trustees during the Time mentioned for that Purpose by the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years aforesaid, and after that Time the Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust, are by this Act further empowered and required, to collect, demand, and receive at the said Toll Gate and Side Gates so erected on the said new Line of Road between Saint

E e 4 Johns

424

C. 67.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

So much of the recited Act of 9 G.4. as requires the Road within the Highgate Archway Trust to be made over to that Company within Two Years, repealed.

Johns Church, in the City of Coventry, and the Village of AU ledey, as herein-before mentioned, the said several Tolls authorized and directed to be demanded and taken and received at such Toll Gate and Side Gates by the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty as aforesaid, before as well as after the Completion and opening to the Public of the said new Line of Road between the Site of the late Walls of the City of Coventry and Hertford Street in the said City, and between Saint Johns Church in the said City and the Village of AUesley.

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty were authorised to apply the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds in altering and improving the Road within the Limits and District of the Highgate Archway Company's Trust; and it was thereby enacted, that every new Piece of Road which should be made, altered, or improved under the Provisions therein contained, should be open to the Public as soon as the same should be completed, and should, fof the Period of Two Years after the same should have been completed and opened to the Public, be repaired, maintained, and supported by and under the Care and Superintendence of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and after the Expiration of the said Period of Two Years every such new Piece of Road should be deemed and taken to be and should become, to all Intents and Purposes, a Part of that Road to which the old Road or Part of 4 a Road in lieu of or for the Improvement of which such new Piece of Road should have been made did belong before the making of such new Piece of Road, and should be vested in the Trustees or Commissioners in whom such old Road or Pfert of a 4 Road should have been vested, and should be maintained and repaired by them: And whereas it is desirable, in consequence of the Difficulty of rendering the Road within the Limits and District of the Highgate Archway Company's Trust, so authorized to be altered and improved as aforesaid, as perfect as it ought to be for the great Traffic that passes over the same, that the said Road, instead of being maintained and repaired for the Period of Two Years only after the Completion and opening thereof by and under the Care and Superintendence of the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, should be repaired and maintained by the said Commissioners, and under their Care and Superintendence, until they shall think proper to give up the same to the said Highgate Archway Company, or until the said Highgate Archway Company shall require the said Commissioners to make over the said Road to them under the Proviso for that Purpose hereinafter contained Be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as requires the said Road thereby authorized to be altered and improved, within the Highgate Archway Company's Trust, to be made ever

to

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 67.

42 5

to the Highgate Archway Company at the Expiration of Two Years after the same shall have been completed and opened to the Public, and to be from thenceforth maintained and repaired by them, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall not be necessary for the said Commissioners to give up the said Road to the said Highgate Archway Company until they the said Commissioners shall in their full Discretion think proper so to do, or until the said Highgate Archway Company shall require the said Commissioners to make over the said Road to them as hereinafter mentioned, any thing in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: but the said Road shall be repaired and maintained by and under the Care and Superintendence of the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty until such Time as the said Commissioners shall in their full Discretion think proper to make over the same to the said Highgate Archway Company, (which making over shall be effected by any Resolution for that Purpose passed at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, specifying the Day on which the said Road shall be so made over, and of which Resolution Notice in Writing shall be given to the said Highgate Archway Company, or their Clerk or Treasurer, at least Fourteen Days before the Day therein named for making over the said Road,) or until the said Highgate Archway Company shall require the said Commissioners to give up the said Road to them as aforesaid; and from and after the Time when the said Road shall be so given up or made over by the said Commissioners, the said Road shall be maintained and repaired by the said Highgate Archway Company.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the sai4 Highgate Archway Company shall, at any Time during the Period that the said Road shall be repaired and maintained by and under the Care and Superintendence of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid, be minded and desirous to have the said Road given up to them, and of such their Mind and Desire shall give to the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Secretary, Twelve Calendar Months Notice in Writing, then and in such Case the said Road shall, at the End or Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice, be made over by the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty to the said Highgate Archway Company, and shall from thenceforth be maintained and repaired by the said Highgate Archway Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Road shall be maintained and repaired by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the said Highgate Archway Company shall, with and out of the Tolls to be collected by them in respect of the said Road, pay to the said Commissioners for the Repair and Maintenance of the same, so long as such Road shall be maintained and repaired by the said Commissioners, the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, by Two equal half-yearly Payments, on the First Day of July and the First Day of January

Road to continue to be repaired by the Commissioner* until they shall think proper to make over the same to the Company.

If the Company are desirous to have the Road made over to them, and give Notice thereof to the Commissioners, the same sboll be done.

During the Time that the said Road is maintained by the Comrr.is-missioners, the Company shall pay to them the Sum of 800f. yearly.

in

C. 67.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Proceeding in cue of Default.

So much of 9 GA. c. 75. u prohibits the using of Wheels with Tires beyond the Breadth of Three Inches on the Road between Shrewsbury and Llangollen repealed.

Prohibiting the Use of Carts, &c. having Nails projecting over the Surface of the Tires, or Wheels with less Tires than Three Inches, on the Road between Shrewsbury and Llangollen, and between the Menai Bridge " My head.

In each Year, the First of such half-yearly Payments to begin and be made on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and in case any Default shall be made by the said Highgate Archway Company in Payment of the said annual Sum or of any Part thereof, then and in every such Case it shall be lairful for the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty to seize and take Possession of the Toll Houses and Gates at which the Tolls payable on or in respect of the said Road shall be collected, and to collect, demand, and receive the Tolls which the said Highgate Archway Company might there have collected, demanded, and received, and with the same Powers and Authorities in every respect, and to continue in such Possession and Receipt until all AiTears due to them, and all Expences occasioned by such Default of the said Highgate Archway Company, shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

IX. And whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Act 4 of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty in the

Description of the Breadth of the Tires of the Wheels of any 1 Cart, Waggon, or other Vehicle passing over or along any Part ' of the said Road from London to Holyhead which is situate between the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop and Llangotten in the County of Denbigh, passing by or through Montford Bridge and Oswestry, being the present Mail Coach Line of Road, and between the Menai Bridge, near the Town of Bangor in the County of Carnarvon, and Holyhead in the Isle <f Anglesey, passing by the new Menai Inn, Llanfair Toll Gate, and the new Embankments on Stanley Sands, being the present Mail Coach Line of Road; Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as prohibits any Person from driving any Cart, Waggon, or other Vehicle over and along the said last-mentioned Roads between Shrewsbury and Llangollen, and between Bangor and Holyhead, or any Part thereof, of which the Wheels shall have Tires beyond the Breadth of Three Inches, and prohibits the Gatekeepers on the said Roads from allowing any such Cart, Waggon, or other Vehicle to pass along the said Roads or any Part thereof, and imposes a Penalty on any Person driving any such Cart, Waggon, or other Vehicle over or along the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one it shall not be lawful for any Person to drive any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage over or along the said Roads between Shrewsbury and Llangollen, and between the Menai Bridge and Holy-head, as aforesaid, or over or along any Part or Parts thereof re* spectively, any of the Wheels of which shall have Nails projecting beyond the Surface of the Tires thereof, or any of the Wheels of which shall have Tires less than the Breadth of Three Inche»; and no Gatekeeper on the said Roads shall, after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, allow any such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage to pass through any Gate entrusted to him or under his Care; and if any Person shall drive any such Waggon, Cart, or other such Carnage over or

along

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 67.

427

along the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; which Sum shall be recoverable in the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty are by that Act authorized to be recovered, and shall be applied in the same Manner and to the same Purposes as the Tolls to be collected on the said Roads.

XI. And be it further enacted, That during so long as any new Piece of Road to be made under the Provisions herein-before contained, or any other new Piece or Pieces of Roads made or re-

Eaired, or to be made or repaired, under the Powers of the several erein-before recited Acts, shall be under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid, and shall be repaired, maintained, and supported by them, all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in an Act made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the General Lax/os noto in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and also in another Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the General Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Purpose of preventing or removing Annoyances, Injuries, Nuisances, and Obstructions to or upon Turnpike Roads, shall and they are hereby declared to extend to the said several Pieces of Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty to put in execution, so far as regards the said new Pieces of Road or any or either of them, all the Powers and Authorities by the said last-mentioned Acts given to and authorized to be executed by Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads, for the Purposes aforesaid or any of them, as fully and effectually as any Trustees or Commissioners may do under the Authority of the said several Acts or either of them, any Exemption of the said Commissioners or of the Roads under their Care, from the general Operations of the said last-mentioned Acts, notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas Two new Pieces of Road have been made and completed by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty at Fenny Stratford, and at the Hills called Sandhouse and Forty Mile Hills9 in the County of Bucks, within the Limits and District of the Hockliffe and Stratford Trust; Be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August next the said new Pieces of Road shall be made over by the said last-mentioned Commissioners to and vested in the Trustees acting in execution of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford

During the Time that any new Piece of Road shall be under the Care of the Commissioners, the Powers and Penalties of

3 G.4w c. 126. and

4 G.4. c, 96.p for preventing Annoyances, shall be extended to them.

New Pieces of Road at Fenny Stratford and Sandhouse and Forty Mile Hills to be made over to the Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Road, and thenceforth maintained by them.

428

C. 67.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

New Piece of Road in Wolerhampton to be made over to the Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust, and by them maintained.

50 G. S. c. 56.

Commissioners may contract with the Trustees of any of the Trusts between London and Holyhead, and between London and Liverpool, for the Repair, by the Commissioners of any Part of the said Roads.

Commissioners in effecting such Repairs may exercise as well the Powers of the recited Act of 4 G.4.

ford and Stoney Stratford in the County of Buckingham, and shall be from thenceforth maintained, repaired, and supported by such Trustees in the Manner and under the same Powers, Authorities, and Provisions as the old Roads in lied of which such new Pieces of Road have been made were previously maintained, repaired, and supported.

XIII.#4 And whereas a new Piece of Road hath been made and completed by the said last-mentioned Commissioners from the Coach and Horses Public House in Bilston Street in the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford to Salop Street in the same Town, within the Limits and Distr^t of the Wolverhampton Trust; Be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August next the said last-mentioned new Piece of Road shall (notwithstanding any Provision contained in any Act to the contrary) be made over by the said Commissioners to and vested in the Trustees acting in execution of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads therein described, and for extending the said Road from King's Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Weston-under-Lizard to Newport in the County of Salop; and shall be from thenceforth maintained, repaired, and supported by such Trustees in the same Manner, and under the same Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as the other Roads within their Trust are repaired, maintained, and supported.

AlV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, to contract and agree with the Trustees of any of toe respective Trusts under whom the said Roads between London and Holyhead and between London and Liverpool are repaired and maintained, for the Alteration, Repair, and Improvement, by the said Commissioners of any Part of the said Roads under the Care and Management of such several Trustees; and when any such Agreements shall be made and entered into, the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid shall direct an Account to be opened in their Books for such Road or Roads so agreed to be altered, repaired, and improved by them; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees within whose District such Road or Roads so agreed to be altered, repaired, or improved, shall be situated, and they are hereby empowered, thereupon to pay over and place to such Account of the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid a Sum equal to the estimated Expence of altering, repairing, or improving such Road or Roads; and such Sum so paid by the said Trustees shall be expended by the said Commissioners in altering, repairing, and improving the said Road or Roads; and it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners, in carrying on and effecting the Alterations, Repairs, and Improvements which shall be agreed to be done by them as afore-

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 67, 68.

429

said, and in obtaining Materials for the Purpose of making such Alterations, Repairs, and Improvements, and in all other Matters and Things relating thereto, to exercise, enforce, and carry into effect as well the several Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year aforesaid, either expressly or by reference to any former Act or Acts, as also all the Powers, Provisions, Enactments, and Regulations in any Act or Acts contained relating to the Road or Roads on which the Alterations, Repairs, or Improvements are agreed to be made, in as full, ample, and efficient a Manner as the same might have been exercised, enforced, and put in execution by the ^Trustees agreeing with the said Commissioners acting in executmn of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty as aforesaid, in case the Alterations, Repairs, and Improvements of such Road or Roads had been carried on by such Trustees.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty shall and may and they are hereby empowered and required to make such Contracts and Agreements as they shall think proper with skilful Persons, and their Sureties, for the carrying on, making, and completing any such Alterations, Repairs, and Improvements hereinbefore mentioned, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who shall from time to time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expences thereof; and such Payments shall from time to time be placed to the Account of the Trust in the Limits or Districts of which the Expences shall be incurred; and all the said Repairs, Alterations, and Improvements' which may be so agreed to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid on the said Roads shall be done by Contract, and in no other Way whatever.

AVI. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of every such Contract, and the Terms thereof, shall, previously to the same being signed and concluded, together with a Map or Plan of the proposed Alteration or Improvement, be submitted by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty to a Committee of not exceeding Five in Number of the Trustees within whose Limits or District the Work specified in such Contract is to be performed, which Committee such Trustees are hereby respectively empowered to elect and appoint.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for the more effectual Protection of Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and other common Carriers for Hire, against the Loss of or Injury to Parcels or Packages delivered to them for Conveyance or Custody, the Value and Contents of which shall not be declared to them by the Owners thereof.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS by reason of the frequent Practice of Bankers

W and others of sending by the public Mails, Stage Coaches,

Waggons,

as those of the

Acts relating to the said Roads.

Commissioners to make Contracts for the Repairs hereinbefore mentioned.

Copies of Contracts and Plans to be submitted to Committees of Trustees of Districts.

4S0

C. 68.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Mail Contractors, Coach Proprietors, and Carriers not to be liable for Loss of certain Goods above the Value of 10*. unless delivered as such, and increased Charge accepted.

When any Parcel shall be so delivered, an increased Rate

Waggons, Vans^ and other public Conveyances by Land for Hire,

Parcels and Packages containing Money, Bills, Notes, Jewellery, ' and other Articles of great Value in small Compass, much valu-

able Property is rendered liable to Depredation, and the Re-

sponsibility of Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and

common Carriers for Hire is greatly increased: And whereas

through the frequent Omission by Persons sending such Parcels

and Packages to notify the Value and Nature of the Contents

thereof, so as to enable such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach

Proprietors, and other common Carriers, by due Diligence, to

protect themselves against Losses arising from their legal Responsibility, and the Difficulty of fixing Parties with Knowledge

of Notices published by such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach 1 Proprietors, and other common Carriers, with the Intent to limit

such Responsibility, they have become exposed to great and una-c voidable Risks, and have thereby sustained heavy Losses; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier by Land for Hire shall be liable for the Loss of or Injury to any Article or Articles or Property of the Descriptions following; (that is to say,) Gold or Silver Coin of this Realm or of any Foreign State, or any Gold or Silver in a manufactured or unmanufactured State, or any Precious Stones, Jewellery, Watches, Clocks, *or Time-pieces of any Description, Trinkets, Bills, Notes of the Governor and Company of the Banks of England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, or of any other Bank in Great Britain or Ireland, Orders, Notes, or Securities for Payment of Money, English or Foreign, Stamps, Maps, Writings, Title Deeds, Paintings, Engravings, Pictures, Gold or Silver Plate, or plated Articles, Glass, China, Silks in a manufactured or unmanufactured State, and whether wrought up or not wrought up with other Materials, Fun, or Lace, or any of them, contained in any Parcel or Package which shall have been delivered, either to be carried for Hire or to accompany the Person of any Passenger in any Mail or Stage Coach or other public Conveyance, when the Value of such Article or Articles or Property aforesaid contained in such Parcel or Package shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless at the Time of the Delivery thereof at the Office, Warehouse, or Receiving House of such Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier, or to his, her, or their Book-keeper, Coachman, or other Servant, for the Purpose of being carried or of accompanying the Person of any Passenger as aforesaid, the Value and Nature of such Article or Articles or Property shall have been declared by the Person or Persons sending or delivering th4 same, and such increased Charge as hereinafter mentioned, or an Engagement to pay the same, be accepted by the Person receiving such Parcel or Package.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Parcel or Package containing any of the Articles above specified shall be so delivered, and its Value and Contents declared as aforesaid, and such Value shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for .such

Mail

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 68.

431

Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and other common: Carriers to demand and receive an increased Rate of Charge, to be notified by some Notice affixed in legible Characters in some public and conspicuous Part of the Office, Warehouse, or other Receiving House where such Parcels or Packages are received by them for the Purpose of Conveyance, stating the increased Rates of Charge required to be paid over and above the ordinary Rate of Carriage as a Compensation for the greater Risk and Care to be taken for the safe Conveyance of such valuable Articles; and all Persons sending or delivering Parcels or Packages containing suqh valuable Articles as aforesaid at such Office shall be bound by such Notice, without further Proof of the same having come to their Knowledge.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Value shall have been so declared, and the increased Rate of Charge paid, or an Engagement to pay the same shall have been accepted as herein-before mentioned, the Person receiving such increased Rate of Charge or accepting such Agreement shall, if thereto required, sign a Receipt for the Package or Parcel, acknowledging the same to have been insured, which Receipt shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty; and if such Receipt shall not be given when required, or such Notice as aforesaid shall not have been affixed, the Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier as aforesaid shall not have or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage under this Act, but shall be liable and responsible as at the Common Law, and be liable to refund the increased Rate of Charge.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of September now next ensuing no public Notice or Declaration heretofore made or hereafter to be made shall be deemed or construed to limit or in anywise affect the Liability at Common Law of any such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, or other public common Carriers as aforesaid, for or in respect of any Articles or Goods to be carried and conveyed by them; but that all and every such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and other common Carriers as aforesaid shall from and after the said First Day of September be liable, as at the Common Law, to answer for the Loss of any Injury to any Articles and Goods in respect whereof they may not be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, any public Notice or Declaration by them made and given contrary thereto, or in anywise limiting such Liability, notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act every Office, Warehouse, or Receiving House which shall be used or appointed by any Mail Contractor or Stage Coach Proprietor or other such common Carrier as aforesaid for the receiving of Parcels to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be the Receiving House, Warehouse, or Office of such Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier; and that any One or more of such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, or common Carrier shall be liable to be sued by his, her, or their Name or Names only; and that no Action or Suit commenced to recover Damages for Loss or Injury to any Parcel, Package, or Person, shall abate for the Want of joining any Co-

proprietor

of Charge may be demanded. Notice of the same to be affixed in Offices or Warehouses.

Carriers to give Receipts, acknowledging increased Rate.

In case of neglect to give Receipt or affix Notice, the Party not to be entitled to Benefit of this Act.

Publication of Notices not to limit the Liability of Proprietors, &c.f in respect of any other Goods conveyed.

Every Office used to be deemed a Receiving House;

and any One Coach Proprietor or Carrier shall be liable to be sued.

C. 68.-

Not to affect Contracts.

Parties entitled to Damages for Loss may also recover back extra Charges.

Nothing herein to protect felonious Acts.

Coach Proprietors and Carriers liable only to such Damages as are proved.

Money may be paid into Court in all Actions for Loss of Goods.

[Public Act.]

1P GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

proprietor or Co-partner in such Mail, Stage Coach, or other public Conveyance by Land for Hire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to annul or in anywise affect any special Contract between such Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or common Carrier, and any other Parties, for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Parcel or Package shall have been delivered at any such Office, and the Value and Contents declared as aforesaid, and the increased Rate of Charges been paid, and such Parcels or Packages shall have been lost or damaged, the Party entitled to recover Damages in respect of such Loss or Damage shall also be entitled to recover back such increased Charges so paid as aforesaid, in addition to the Value of such Parcel or Package.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be deemed to protect any Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier for Hire from Liability to answer for Loss or Injury to any Goods or Articles whatsoever arising from the felonious Acts of any Coachman, Guard, Bookkeeper, Porter, or other Servant in his or their Employ, nor to protect any such Coachman, Guard, Book-keeper, or other Servant from Liability for any Loss or Injury occasioned by his or their own personal Neglect or Misconduct.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, or other common Carriers for Hire shall not be concluded as to the Value of any such Parcel or Package by the Value so declared as aforesaid, but that he or they shall in all Cases be entitled to require, from the Party suing in respect of any Loss or Injury, Proof of the actual Value of the Contents by the ordinary legal Evidence* and that the Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, or other common Carriers as aforesaid shall be liable to such Damages only as shall be so proved as aforesaid, not exceeding the declared Value, together with the increased Charges as before mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions to be brought against any such Mail Contractor, Stage Coach Proprietor, or other common Carrier as aforesaid, for the Loss of or Injury to any Goods delivered to be carried, whether the Value of such Goods shall have been declared or not, it shall be lawful.for the Defendant or Defendants to pay Money into Court in the same Manner and with the same Effect as Money may be paid into Court in any other Action.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 69.

433

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland.

[2Sd July 1830j

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 55G.& c. 42.

An Act tofacilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes; by which Act certain Commissioners were appointed for the Trial of such Causes, and certain Regulations

made in regard to such Trials: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth 59 G.3. c. 85: '

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil ' CausesAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process 6 G.4. c. 120.

in the Courts of Lam in Scotland; by which last Act certain Provisions were made relative to the Constitution of the Jury Court,

and which Provisions are declared to continue and be in force until the Thirtieth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and it is further jprovided by the said lastrecited Act, that it should be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such Persons as He should think fit, to make all Inquiries, as they should be directed, by Instructions from His Majesty, into the Forms of Proceeding in Trials of Civil Causes by Jury in Scotland, and to report whether these Forms may be improved,

and at what Time and in what Manner the Union of the Benefit

of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the Jurisdiction of the Court of Session may be best accomplished; And whereas pursuant to the said last-recited Act His late Majesty did, by an Instrument under His Royal Sign Manual, appoint certain Persons to make the Inquiries set forth in the said last-recited Act, as more particularly specified in Instructions annexed to the said Instrument under the Royal Sign Manual: And whereas the said Commissioners so appointed made a Report to His late Majesty upon the Subject Matters into which they were appointed to inquire; which Report has been laid before both Houses of Par *

liament: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be altered, amended, and continued in certain Parts, and that Provision should be made for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session in Scotland; and that in so doing Advantage should be taken of the Knowledge and Experience of the present Lord Chief Commissioner and of the other Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court: And whereas it is also expedient that certain other Alterations and Reductions should take place in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland; May it therefore please Your

C. 69.

1 lo GEO. IV. & lo GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

From Oct. 5. 1880, Trial by Jury in Civil Causes shall be united with the ordinary Administration of Justice in the 'Court of Session in Scotland.

Causes to be prepared by the Lords Ordinary, and tried by Jury in the Court of Session.

Lords President to try all Jury Causes originating in their respective Divisions.

Lord Chief Commissioner to continue to perform his Duties relative to Trial of Civil Causes.

Provision in case of Absence of Lord Resident.

Lord President may proceed to Trial without Judge of Jury Court.

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, the Jurisdiction for Trial by Jury in Civil Causes shall be united with and shall form Part of the ordinary Administration of Justice in the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Trial of Causes by Jury shall take place in the Court of Session as hereinafter directed: Provided always, that the Jury Court and the Jurisdiction thereof shall continue as now constituted until the said Date, after which it shall cease and determine; but without Prejudice to the present Lord Chief Commissioner and the other Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court respectively continuing to perform the Duties hereinafter directed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after such Union all Causes and Issues, which, if they had occurred before the passing of this Act, must by Law have been tried by Jury in the Jury Court, shall be tried by Jury in the Court of Session; and such Causes shall be prepared for Trial by the Lords Ordinary respectively before whom such Causes shall depend.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Period when such Union shall take place as aforesaid, the Lords President of the Two Divisions shall respectively try by Jury all Issues arising out of Causes depending in these Divisions respectively when such Trials take place at Edinburgh; and may otherwise respectively discharge all Duties previously assigned to the Lord Chief Commissioner, in so far as may regard such Causes, not being inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that it shall continue to be competent to the said Lord .Chief Commissioner to perform all such Duties; and farther, that for the Space of Three Years from and after the Time when such Union shall take place, there shall be present and form a component Fart of the Court, upon all Occasions when either of the Lords President of the Two Divisions of the Court of Session shall respectively tiy by Jury any Issue arising out of a Civil Cause, either the Lord Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, or One of the Judges of the Court of Session, who at the Time of such Union shall have held the Office of One of the Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court; and provided farther, that in the Event of the Indisposition or necessary Absence of either of the said Lords President, such Issues shall, during the foresaid Space of Three Years, be tried either by the said Lord Chief Commissioner along with One of the Judges of the Court of Session, or by at least TVo Judges of the Court of Session, whereof there shall be One of the said Judges of the Jury Court; and that from and after the Expiration of that Period, such Issues shall in the said Events be tried by any other Judge or Judges of the Division of the Court before which the Cause may depend.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if the Judges of the Court of Session who had held the Office of Commissioners of the Jury Court shall, before the Expiry of Three Years, be reduced to Two, it shall be competent to the Lord President of either Division to proceed to Trial, if he think fit, without

any

435

any Judge who has formerly been of the Jury Court, and they are hereby empowered so to proceed.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Application either Party to apply to the Division of the Court to which a Trial-Cause belongs, that the Issue or Issues shall be tried before such Division; and such Division may or may not, in its Discretion,

order such Cause to be so tried.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord President of Lord President each Division of the Court shall have Power, and he is hereby direct authorized and empowered, to order and direct that any Issue or tr^beto^hi* Issues shall be tried before the Division of the Court to which he Division of the belongs: Provided always, that for the Space of Three Years as Court aforesaid, either the Lord Chief Commissioner or One of the fore-

said Judges of the Jury Court shall be One of the Court on occasion of such Trials.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Proceedings for the Correc- Proceedings in

iion of Errors or Injustice alleged to have been committed in the E7OT£\, be Trial of a Cause, and all Questions reserved for Decision after to

Trial, and all Questions relating to the Application of the Verdict, which the

or the Rights and Interests arising therefrom, and all Questions of Cause belongs. Expences, shall proceed before the Division of the Court to which the Cause belongs: Provided always, That such Division shall have Power to order a Hearing before the whole Court of Session, or to require the Opinions of the other Judges, on such Points or Questions as such Division may deem proper.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lord Chief Commit- Lord Chief sioner shall be empowered and have Right to sit and vote in both Commissioner Divisions of the Court as a Judge of the Court of Session, in the Lord of Lssion before-recited and all other Proceedings touching any Cause now jury triable in the Jury Court, both before and after Verdict, and shall be entitled to rank immediately after the Lord Justice Clerk.

IX. And be it enacted, That Trials by Jury may proceed at all Trials by Jury such Times, as well during Session as in the Vacation, as the Di- m*y

vision of the Court before which the Cause stands inrolled shall Jonisnot*1*" appoint; and all Causes remaining untried and entered as ready Bitdng. for Trial, at the Termination of the Winter or Summer Sessions, or at the Commencement of the Christmas Recess, shall be tried at Sittings of the Court to be held immediately after these Periods respectively, excepting only such Causes as, on the Motion of any Party, the Court may think fit to postpone.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Provision for Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Consent of His Privy ^jngn?e Council, and He is hereby empowered, if He shall think fit, to Summe^Ses-order and direct that the Winter and Summer Sessions of the aoo«.

Court of Session, or either of them, shall be extended, and to specify the Time or Times of such Extension, and the precise Duration thereof, and to direct that such Extension shall apply either

to the whole Court of Session, or exclusively to the permanent Lords Ordinary: Provided always, that such Extension shall not on the whole exceed the Space of One Calendar Month in the Course of the Year and that it shall in like Manner be lawful for His Majesty thereafter to direct that such Extension be diminished as to Duration, and altered or varied as to the Time or Times when the same shall take place, and that the Sessions shall in like

F f 2 Manner

36

C. 69.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

trial of Issues before Circuit Courts.

Clerks in Jury Court.

Reduction of Clerks, &c. in the Court of ' Session.

Appointment of Depute Clerks to be in His Majesty.

Certain Causes to be exempted from the Fee Fund.

Manner be again extended as Occasion may require, and the said Court, or the permanent Lords Ordinary, shall sit at the Time or Times and during the Period or Periods which may be so ordered by His Majesty; and for the Information of His Majesty in this Behalf, the Lord President of the Court of Session is hereby required, on or before the Fifteenth Day of January in every Year, to transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Stale a Return, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed; which Return shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

XI. And be it enacted, That all Causes or Issues appointed to be tried before any Circuit Court shall and maybe so tried before any One or more of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary when upon Circuit; and at all Trials before any Circuit Court the Jury shall be taken from the Lists prepared for the Trial of criminal Offences: Provided always, that it shall be competent to either Division of the Court of Session, if in their Judgment it shall bd considered necessary, to direct any Causes or Issues to be tried by any other Judge or Judges of the Court of Session at any Circuit Town, and if necessary for the Trial of the same to. cause Jurymen to be summoned in the Manner provided by the before-recited Acts.

XH. And be it enacted, That the Clerks and Macers of the Jury Court shall continue to discharge the Duties of their respective Offices in the Court of Session, after such Union, as well at Edinburgh as on the Circuits; and that all other inferior Offices in the Jury Court shall be and the same are hereby abolished.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Two Vacancies which shall next occur in the Office of Principal Clerk of Session, as also in the Office of Depute Clerk of Session, shall not be supplied; and that in like Manner the Vacancies in the Offices of the other Clerks belonging to the Court of Session shall not be supplied until the total Number of such Clerks, including those connected with Proceedings in Trial by Jury, shall not exceed the Number of Clerks exclusively belonging to the Court of Session at the passing of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Baid Court, from time to time as said Vacancies occur, to make such Regulations as may be necessary for duly apportioning the Duty among the remaining Clerks; and it is provided that as Vacancies shall occur in the Office of Macer, the Number of Macers shall be reduced, bo that they shall not exceed the Number of Macers officiating exclusively in the Court of Session at the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Appointment of Depute Clerks and of Assistant Clerks of Session shall be vested in His Majesty; and it is hereby provided, that during the necessary Absence of any Principal Clerk of Session it shall be competent for any Depute Clerk of Session to discharge the Duties of such Principal Clerk.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Payment on account of the Fee Fund of the Court of Session, nor any Fee or Demand by any Clerk or Officer of that Court, shall be exigible in respect of any Step or Proceeding in any Cause which might not have been exigible if such Cause had been brought into the Jury Court previously to the passing of this Act.

C. 69.

4?37 '

XVI. And it is further enacted, That all the Provisions of the Provision* of foresaid recited Acts now in force, in so far as not inconsistent above recited with this Act, shall be continued and remain in force until altered Act* to remain or revoked by Parliament, and that all Rules and Regulations in observance in the Jury Court at the Time of the Umon of Jury with this Act. Trial in Civil Causes with the Administration of Justice in the

Court of Session, established and enforced by Act of Sederunt, shall continue and be observed as Rules and Regulations applicable to the Court of Session after such Union, until the same shall be altered by Acts of Sederunt; and it is hereby provided, that the said Court of Session shall have full Power and Authority, by Acts of Sederunt, to make all Regulations for duly adapting the Forms previously observed in the Jury Court to the Proceedings in the Court of Session, and afterwards to alter and amend such

Regulations when necessary: Provided always, that such Regulations be not inconsistent with the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament now in force; and that all Acts of Sederunt Acts of Sede-authorized by this Act to be made shall be laid before Parlia- runt to be laid ment, if sitting, within Fifteen Days from the respective Dates before Parlia-thereof, and if Parliament be not sitting, within Fifteen Days m<!nt* from and after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in the Event of the Death or No Successors Resignation of the said Lord Chief Commissioner, or of any of to be appointed the other Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court, no Successor th* present shall be appointed to any such Judge or Judges as Commissioner

of the Jury Court.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Termina- °" L«d

tion of the present existing Interest in the Office of Lord Jus- General

tice General, that Office shall devolve upon and remain united

with the Office of Lord President of the Court of Session, wlm dent, shall perform the Duties thereof as presiding Judge in the Court of Justiciary; and that the Salary attached to the Office of Lord Justice General shall cease, and that the Appointment of Macers of the said Court shall be vested in His Majesty.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when the Office of Lord Justice In such Case General shall have devolved upon the Lord President of the Lord Preu-Court of Session, and when he shall deem it expedient to be dent to dispatch present at any Circuit Court, it shall be lawful for him to dispatch c^SrCourt7 Business in such Court, whether any other Judge or Judges of the notwithstand-Court of Justiciary be or be not present; any Thing contained in ing Act of the an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year One Scotch Parlia-thousand six hundred and seventy-two, intituled An Act concern- ment 1672> ing the Regulation of the Judicatories, or in an Act passed in the 2^0.45. Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Second, intituled An Act for talcing atvay and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfy'action to the Proprietors thereof J and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Croton, and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the Kings Courts and the Judges there, and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators,

Writers, or Agents in the Law in Scotland to take the Oaths, and for rendering the Union of the Kingdoms more complete, or in any other Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

C. 69.

11 GEO. IV. fc 1» GUL.IV.

A.D. 1830.

Lords Ordinary to be reduced to Five, and the Court to Thirteen.

Transference of Admiralty Jurisdiction,

1672, c. 40.

Sheriffs to have Jurisdiction in Maritime Causes.

Maritime Causes to be tried in same Manner as other Causes.

10 G.4. c. 55.

XX. And be it enacted, That when Vacancies shall occur among the permanent Lords Ordinary of the Court of Session, whether by Death, Resignation, or Removal into One of the Divisions of the Inner House, such Vacancies shall not be filled up until the Number of permanent Lords Ordinary shall be reduced to Five, so that the total Number of Judges composing the Court of Session, including the Lord President and the Lord Justice Clerk, shall be limited to Thirteen.

XXI. And whereas all Maritime Causes may now be brought by Review before the Court of Session, and many Causes formerly heard and determined by the High Court of Admiralty are now

remitted to the Jury Court: And whereas the Court of Jus-

ticiary holds a cumulative Jurisdiction with the High Court of Admiralty as to all Crimes competent to be tried by the High Court of Admiralty: And whereas it has become unnecessary and inexpedient to maintain any separate Court for Maritime or Admiralty Causes; Be it therefore enacted, That the High Court of Admiralty be abolished, and that hereafter the Court of Session shall hold and exercise original Jurisdiction in all Maritime Civil Causes and Proceedings of the same Nature and Extent in all respects as that held and exercised in regard to such Causes by the High Court of Admiralty before the passing of this Act; and all Applications of a summary Nature connected with such Causes may be made to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills: Provided always, that all suck Causes, not exceeding the Value of Twenty-five Pounds Sterling, shall be instituted and carried on in the first Instance before an inferior Court, in the Manner directed and with the Exceptions specified in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year Sixteen hundred and seventy-two* intituled An Act concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs of Scotland and their Substitutes shall, within their respective Sheriffdoms, including the navigable Rivers, Ports, Harbours, Creeks, Shores, and anchoring Grounds in or adjoining such Sheriffdoms, hold and exercise original Jurisdiction in all Maritime Causes and Proceedings, Civil and Criminal, including such as may apply to Persona residing forth of Scotland, of the same Nature as that heretofore held and exercised by the High Court of Admiralty.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the finding of Caution and using of Arrestment heretofore observed in the High Court of Admiralty, and all Regulations relative thereto, may be enforced in the foresaid Courts respectively; and Maritime Causes may be heard and determined by the Sheriff according to the same Modes and Rules which are applicable in the Sheriff Court to Causes not Maritime, including the Mode prescribed in an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Xing George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts, and for diminishing the Expences of Litigation in Causes off. small Amount, in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland; and the Sentences, Interlocutors, and Decrees pronounced by Sheriffs in Maritime Causes shall be subject to Review by the Courts of Session and Justiciary respectively, in the same Way and Manner in which Sentences, Interlocutors, and Decrees of Sheriffe iesimifttk. Causes not Maritime are subject to review at present, and not

otherwise:

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. k 1* GUL. IV. C. 69.

439

otherwise: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to the Sheriff to try any Crime committed on the Seas of a Nature which it would not be competent for that Judge to try if the Crime had been committed on Land.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where Counties are separated from each other by a River, or by a Firth or Estuary, the Sheriffs of the Counties adjoining to the Sides thereof shall have a cumulative Jurisdiction over the whole intervening Space so occupied by Water: Provided always, that the Pursuer of all Civil Causes shall, where such cumulative Jurisdiction applies, bring the Cause before the Sheriff of that County within which the Defender may reside; and it is provided, that where there are several Defenders in the same Cause, residing in different Counties, the same Rules shall apply in regard to the Citation of the whole of such Defenders before the same Sheriff Court, which are observed in similar Circumstances with respect to Causes not Maritime; and it is provided farther, that Sheriffs shall respectively have Power to remit such Causes from their own Court to that of another Sheriff ob Contingentiam, or for other sufficient Cause.

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Office of the Judge Admiral shall be and the same is hereby abolished, as also the Offices of all Clerks and Officers belonging to that Court; and it is hereby provided, that all Actions and Proceedings which shall be depending on the said Fifth Day of October before the High Court or Admiralty shall be transferred to the Sheriff of any Court wherein such Action and Proceeding might have originated if this Act had been passed previously to the Commencement of such Actions or Proceedings, and the same shall thereupon be heard and determined in the same Manner as if they had been brought before such Sheriff in the first Instance; and as soon as conveniently may be after the said Fifth Day of October, the Processes in all such depending Actions shall be transmitted accordingly to such Sheriff by the Clerk of the High Court of Admiralty, together with an Inventory made by the said Clerk, to the Accuracy whereof he shall make Oath if required: Provided always, that if any Doubt shall arise touching the Transmission of any such Process, it shall be competent to the Clerk of the High Court of Admiralty, or to any Party in any such Cause, to apply to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, who shall give Directions thereupon, and whose Directions shall be final; and provided also, that when the Parties to an\j such Cause shall, previously to such Transmission, give in a joint Note to the said Clerk, setting forth their Wish that such Caupe should proceed in the Court of Session instead of being so transferred to the Sheriff, and shall therein specify the Lord Ordinary by whom they are desirous that such Cause should be decided, the Clerk of the High Court of Admiralty shall thereupon transmit the Process, together with the said Note, to one of the Principal Clerks of Session, and such Cause shall be inrolled before such Lord Ordinary, and shall thereafter be heard and determined in the same Way as if such Cause had been instituted in the Court of Session in Terras of this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Fifth Day of October next after the passing of this

Provision when Counties are separated by Water.

Office of Judge Admiral abolished.

Provision for '

depending

Actions.

Provision as*to other Processes.

440

C. 69.

Sheriff Clerks ' to act as Clerks to Sheriffs in. Maritime Causes.

Procurators in

Admiralty

Court.

As to inferior

Admiralty

Jurisdiction.

Each of the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Haddington, and Linlithgow to constitute a Coromissariot.

Jurisdiction of Commissary Court of Edinburgh restricted.

11° GEO. IV. &.1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Act, all other Processes, Records, and Warrants of Decrees* together with an Inventory thereof made by the Admiralty Clerk, which he is hereby required to make, and to make Oath to the Accuracy thereof if required, shall be transmitted to the General Register House at Edinburgh.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff Clerks of the several Counties of Scotland shall respectively act as Clerks to the Sheriffe in Maritime Causes: Provided always, that neither that Officer, nor any other Person appointed to any. Office, or acquiring Right to any Fees or Emoluments in virtue of the Provisions of this Act, shall be entitled to prefer any Claim to Compensation in consequence of the subsequent Abolition of such Office or Fees, or of any Alteration therein.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons entitled, before the passing of this Act, to conduct Causes as Procurators before the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and all buc!) Persons are hereby authorized, during their respective Lives, to conduct, as Agents before the Court of Session, all or any Causes and Proceedings whatsoever which are or may be competently heard and determined in that Court.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all inferior Admiralty Jurisdiction, not dependent upon the High Court of Admiralty, shall continue as heretofore, but the Judgments of such Courts shall be subject to review solely in the Courts of Session and Justiciary respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen or take away any Salary or Allowance now payable to the Sheriff Substitute of the District of the Town of Leith by the Commissioners of Police of the said Town, but the same shall continue to be paid as heretofore.

XXX. And be it enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and for altering and regulating the Jurisdiction of irferior Commissaries in Scotland, as provides that the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Haddington, and LmUthgem shall be the Commissariot of Edinburgh, be repealed; and that the Commissariot of Edinburgh shall comprehend only the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh; and it is hereby provided, that the Sheriffdoms of Haddington and Linlithgow shall each constitute a Commissariot, and that the whole other Provisions of the said recited Act shall apply to the said Sheriffdoms of Haddington and LisdUh^m in the same Way in all respects as the same apply to the outer Sheriffdoms of Scotland where the Sheriff is Commissary.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissary Court of Edinburgh shall possess and exercise the same and no other Jurisdiction in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh than that possessed and exercised by Sheriffs being Commissaries in other Sheriff* doras of Scotland; and that any Jurisdiction of a more exten* sive Nature heretofore possessed or exercised by the Commissary Court of Edinburgh shall entirely cease, save and except such ss may regard the granting of Confirmation of Testaments of Persons dying furth of Scotland, having Personal Property in Scotland, which Jurisdiction is hereby reserved to the said Court.

C. 69.

4*1

XXXII. And it is further enacted, That Actions of Aliment Actions of may be instituted, heard, and determined in any Sheriff Court of Aliment. Scotland.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Actions of Declarator of Conaatorial Marriage, and of Nullity of Marriage, and all Actions of Decla- Action* to be rator of and of Bastardy, and all Actions of Divorce, in tl

and all. Separation a Mensa et Thoro, shall be com-

petent to be brought and insisted on only before the Court of Session.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all such Actions which shall Transmission be depending before the Commissary Court at the Commencement of this Act, shall be transmitted to the Lord President of the Court of Session: Provided always, that where a Proof shall have been allowed by the said Court of the Commissaries previously to the Commencement of this Act, such Proof shall be concluded before such Action shall be transmitted as herein directed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Lord President shall Regulation aa remit all Causes so transmitted to such Lord Ordinary as he may to Cause* think fit for Preparation and Judgment; and the Judgments of transmitted, the Lords Ordinary, in these and in all other Actions of the same Description instituted in the Court of Session, shall be subject to

the Review of the Division of the Court to which the Lord Ordinary may belong, in the same Way as in other Civil Causes.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Ordinary shall in Regulation* io

all Actions of Divorce administer the usual Oath of Calumny to regard to Con-the Pursuer; and no Decree or Judgment in favour of the Pur- Ac-

suer shall be pronounced in any of the Consistorial Actions here- uoni* in-before enumerated, whether Appearance shall or shall not be

made for the Defendant, until the Grounds of Action shall be substantiated by sufficient Evidence.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That such Causes shall not be A* to Trial of appropriate to Trial by Jury, but it shall be competent to either Cau*e*by Division of the Court of Session, or to a Lord Ordinary after Jury* advising with the Division of the Court to which he belongs, to

direct that any such Cause, or any Issue or Issues of Fact connected therewith, be tried by Jury; and it is hereby provided, that in the swearing of Witnesses in Consistorial Causes, the same Oath shall be administered that is in Use in the other Courts of Justice in Scotland.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That when a Proof in any such Regulation* Cause shall be directed to be taken by Commission, the Remit to #to Proofe* lake such Proof shall be made to the Commissary Court of Edin *

burgh, which Court, or any Judge thereof, shall take such Proofs accordingly, and no Judge thereof shall receive any additional Remuneration on that Account.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for incorporated the Incorporated Solicitors practising before the Consistorial Solicitor* of Court of Edinburgh previous to the passing of this Act, and they Edin^§uCt and each of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered, c*, £*befare during their respective Lives, to conduct, as Agent or Agents gw Court of before the Court of Session, all or any Causes or Proceedings, Session, puch as have heretofore been carried on before the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, which may hereafter be proceeded

JR, heard, or determined before the Court of Session.

C. 69.

11 GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 183.

Agency Fees, &c.

Offices of the Commissaries abolished.

Two Barons of the Court of Exchequer to be reduced.

XL. And be it enacted, That Summonses in Maritime and Consistorial Causes instituted in the Court of Session shall be signed bj One of the Principal or Depute Clerks of Session, and it shall not be necessary that any such Summons should pass the Signet, or require any Concurrence for the public Interest; and it is provided, that for conducting such Causes in the Court of Session no Agent shall be entitled to a higher Rate of Charge for any Part of such Duty than such as would have been legally exigible for the same Duty in the High Court of Admiralty, or in the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh respectively, before the passing of this Act; and no Fee or Demand on account of the Fee Fund of the Court of Session, or on account of any Clerk or Officer in that Court, shall be due or exigible in any such Cause.

XLI. And be it enacted, That when Vacancies occur in the Offices of the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh* such Vacancies shall not be filled up, and as soon as Vacancies shall occur in the whole of such Offices, the said Court shall be entirely abolished, and the whole Powers and Jurisdicdon, as then competent to the said Court, shall thereupon be transferred to the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh, who shall exercise such Jurisdiction in all respects, and the Provisions of the before-re* cited Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, shall apply to the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, in the same Way as such Provisions apply to the other Sheriffdoms of Scotland; and it is provided, that when, in consequence of Vacancies in the said Offices, the Number of the Commissaries of Edinburgh shall be reduced to One, -it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department to appoint, from time to time, such Number of Persons, being Sheriffs Depute of Counties, as he shall think fit, to take Proms in Consistorial Causes, which Duty the Persons so appointed shall perform, but without Prejudice to the said remaining Commissary also performing the same; and the said Persons shall not receive any Remuneration on account of such Duty from any Party m any such Cause.

XLII. And be it enacted, That as Vacancies shall occur in the Office of Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the same shall not be filled up until the Number of such Barons shall be reduced, so that the said Court shall consist only of the Lord Chief Baron and of One Baron of Exchequer; and it is hereby provided, that it shall be competent to these Judges, and to either of them, in the Absence of the other, to exercise the whole Jurisdiction and Powers of the Court of Exchequer, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that after the Number of the Judges shall be so reduced, it shall be competent to the said Court, when deemed expedient, to require of the Lord President of the Court of Session that One Judge of that Court shall be directed to attend the Court of Exchequer; and on receiving such Requisition, One of the ordinary Judges of the Court of Session shall attend the said Court of Exchequer, and shall have Voice and Vote in all Matters then to be brought before the said Court, in the same Way in all respects as if such Judge were a Baron of the Court of Exchequer.

XLIII. Arid

C. 69.

.443

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chief Commissioner and the other Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court, and the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, shall, notwithstanding the Abolition of these several Courts, continue to receive, during their respective Lives, the Salaries payable to them at the Time of the passing of this Act.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the several Sums of Seven thousand Pounds, Two thousand four hundred Pounds, and One thousand two hundred Pounds, authorized by the before-recited Acts to be annually paid on account of the Jury Court, shall cease, save and except so much thereof as shall be certified by the Lord President of the Court of Session to be requisite to be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Circuits of such of the Judges of the Court of Session as are not Judges of the Court of Justiciary, and of Clerks and Macers, the Applicar tion of which Sum shall be accounted for in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and it is hereby provided, that the Salaries of the Judges, Clerks, and Macers, hitherto paid from the foresaid Sums, shall be paid, by Order of the said Court of Exchequer, out of the Monies charged or made chargeable by the Acts passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, or Exchequer, in Scotland.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Clerk or other Officer holding his Office at the passing of this Act, and entitled to Compensation for Loss to be suffered through the Operation and Effect of this Act, to make Application to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, which Court shall direct Intimation thereof to be given to His Majesty's Advocate in behalf of the Public; and thereafter the said Court shall inquire into and consider the Circumstances of the Case, and shall award to every such Person such Compensation as the Court shall think such Persons entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum or by way of Annuity, as the Court shall think proper: Provided always, that every Order made for such Compensation shall set forth the Nature of the Office, the Grounds on which Compensation is prayed, and on which the Award may be founded; and that a Copy of every such Order shall be laid before Parliament within Two Calendar Months after the Commencement of the Session next ensuing after making the same; and no such Decision of the said Court shall be final and conclusive until Two Calendar Months after a Copy of the Order of such Court for Compensation shall have been so laid before Parliament; and any Sum of Compensation so to be awarded shall be paid and payable upon the Order of the said Court of Exchequer, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the Court shall direct, out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable by the aforesaid Acts passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, and every Sum of Compensation shall be clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the whole Provisions of this Act, unless where otherwise herein specially provided, shall commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of October next after the passing of this Act.

Judges of Jury Court and Admiralty to continue to receive their So-Uries.

Certain Payments on account of Jury Courts to cease.

Payment of Salaries of Judges, &c.

Compensation ' to be made to, Clerks, &c.

Orders for Compensation to be laid before Parliament.

[Commencement of Act.]

9 SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

RETURN of the Number of Causes instituted and decided in the Court of Session in Scotland, between the 1st Day of January 18 and the 1st Day of January 18; shewing the Number of Causes ready for Judgment,

but not disposed of at the last of these Dates.

OUTER HOUSE.

Names of Lords Ordinary. Number of Causes for the first Tune inrolled before each Lord Ordinary. Number of Decrees in Absence. Number of final Judgments pronounced in Litigated Causes. Number of Causes ready for Debate, but not beard; with the Date when the first of these Causes was first inrolled in the Debate Roll. Number of Causes at Avizandum. Observations.

INNER HOUSE.

— Number of reclaiming Notes presented against Judgment of Lords Ordinary in the Course of the above Year. Number of incidental and summary Applications presented during the same Period, distinguishing those which have passed as Matters of Form from such as have been followed by Litigation. Number of final Judgments pronounced io Litigated Causes, without the Intervention of a Jury. Number of Causes tried by Jury. Number of Causes ready for Judgment on hearing Counsel or otherwise; with the Date when the first of such Causes was so ready, and distinguishing those to be tried by Jury from such as are not to be so tried. Observations.

First Division. Second Division.

A» ZL, Lord President.

0S8I a*V *AI mool *AI '039 oil

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 70.

448

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS the Appointment of an additional Puisne Judge to each of His Majesty's superior Courts of Common Law would cause much greater Facility and Dispatch of Business therein: And whereas it is expedient to put an end to the separate Jurisdiction for the County Palatine of Chester and the Principality of Wales, and to make more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice in England and Wales; v Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever His Majesty shall be Puwn* Judges pleased to appoint an additional Puisne Judge to either of Hit *" Rota* Courts of the King's Bench, the Common Pleas, and the Exche- Thrrc

-quer, the Puisne Judges of such Court shall sit by Rotation in Time in each Term, or otherwise, as they shall agree amongst themselves, Banc, so that no greater Number than Three of them shall sit at the same Time m Banc for the Transaction of Business in Term, unless in the Absence of the Lord Chief Justice or Lord Chief Baron; and that it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Judges of either of the said Courts, when Occasion shall so require, while the other Judges of the same Court are sitting in Banc, to sit apart from them for the Business of adding and justifying Special Bail, discharging Insolvent Debtors, administering Oaths, receiving Declarations required by Statute, hearing and deciding upon Matters on Motion, and making Rules and Orders in Causes and Business depending in the Court to which such Judge shall belong, in the same Manner and with the same Force and Validity as may be done by the Court sitting in Banc.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appoint- S»lari« to ad-ment of any such additional Judge there shall be issued and paid ditional and payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund or the Ju<Up* United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as have been directed by any former Act of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall hereafter be charged upon the same,) the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to such additional Judge as he shall be so appointed, as and for a yearly Salary, to be paid from Time to Time quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, by equal Portions, the first Payment to be made on the first of such Days respectively as shall occur after the Appointment of the Judge entitled to receive the aame; and that it any Person hereafter appointed to such Office <«hall die, or resign the same, the Executor or Administrator of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning, shall be entitled -to receive such proportionable Part of the Salary aforesaid as shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have executed such Office since the last Payment, and that the Successor

of

446

C. 70.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Retirement Allowances to additional Judges.

Additional Judges may sit in London and Westminster.

Repeal of Act 3 0.4. c. 103.

Terms altered.

of any such Person so dying or resigning shall be entitled to receive such Portion of the Salary as shall be accruing or shall accrue from the Day of such Death or Resignation: Provided always, that the Removal of a Puisne Judge from one Court to another shall not be deemed a new Appointment under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Resignation of any such additional Judge it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to the Person so resigning (under and subject to the same Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions as any Annuity on Resignation can now by Law be granted to any other Judge of the same Court) an Annuity during his Life not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds yearly, or such other Sum as shall by any Act hereafter to be made provided for Judges resigning their Offices, to be paid and payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund aforesaid, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by even quarterly Payments to be made respectively on the Days aforesaid in each Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Judge of the said Courts, to whatever Court he may belong, shall be and he is hereby accordingly authorized to sit in London and Middlesex for the Trial of Issues arising in any of the said Courts, and to transact such Business at Chambers or elsewhere, depending in any of the said Courts, as relates to Matters over which the Baid Courts have a common Jurisdiction, and as may, according to the Course and Practice of the Court, be transacted by a single Judge.

V. And be it further enacted, That a cert mb Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for facilitating the Dispatch of Badness in the Court of King's Bench, and to make further Provision is lieu thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except so far as it repeals the said former Act, and except so far as relates to the last Warrant issued by His said late Majesty under the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and afterwards, Hilary Term shall begin on the Eleventh and end on the Thirty-first Day of January; Easter Term shall begin on the Fifteenth Day of April and end on the Eighth Day of May; Trinity Term shall begin on the Twenty-second Day of May and end on the Twelfth Day of June; and Michaelmas Term shall begin on the Second and end on the Twenty-fifth Day of November; and that the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term shall, unto further Provision be made by Parliament, be as follows; that is to say, the First Essoign or General Return Day for every Tens shall be the Fourth Day before the Day of the Commencement of the Term, both Days being included in the Computation; the Second Essoign Day shall be the Fifth Day of the Term; the Third shall be the Fifteenth Day of the Term; and the Fourth and last shall be the Nineteenth Day of the Term, the First Day of the Term being already included in the Computation; with the same relation to the Commencement of each Term me they now bear, and shall be distinguished by the Day of the Term on .which

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. C. 70.

#47

they respectively fall, the Monday being in all Cases substituted for the Sunday when it shall happen that the Day would fall on Sunday, except always that in Easter Term there shall be but Four Returns instead of rive, the last being omitted; provided that if the whole or any Number of the Days intervening between the Thursday before and the Wednesday next after Easter Day shall foil within Easter Term, there shall be no Sittings in Banc on any of such intervening Days, but the Term shall in such Case be pro* longed and continue for such Number of Days of Business as shall be equal to the Number of the intervening Days before mentioned exclusive of Easter Day, and the Commencement of the ensuing Trinity Term shall in such Case be postponed, and its Continuance prolonged for an equal Number of Days of Business.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the Alteration of Limiting the *he Terms herein-before mentioned shall take effect not more than for at" Twenty-four Days, exclusive of Sundays, after any Hilary, Trinity, Ungs *

and Michaelmas Term, nor more than Six Days, exclusive of Sundays, after any Easter Term, to be reckoned consecutively immediately after such Terms, shall be appropriated to Sittings in London and Middlesex for the Trial of Issues of Fact arising in any of the said Courts; provided that if any Trial at Bar shall be directed by any of the said Courts, it shall be competent to the Judges of such Court to appoint such Day or Days for the Trial thereof as they shall think fit; and the Time so appointed, if in Vacation, shall for the Purpose of such Trial be deemed and taken to be ? Part of the preceding Term; provided also, that a Day or Days'jnay be specially appointed, at any Time not being within such Twenty-four Days, for the Trial of any Cause at Nisi Prius, with the Consent of the Parties thereto, their Counsel or Attornies. ft

VIII. And be it further enacted, That Writs of Error upon any) Regulation m Judgment given by any of the said Courts.shall hereafter be made to Writs of returnable only before the Judges, or Juages and Barons, as the Erron Case may be, of the other Two Courts in the Exchequer Chamber, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; that a Transcript of the Record only shall be annexed to the Return

of the Writ; and the Court of Error, after Errors are duly assigned and Issue in Error joined, shall, at such Time as the Judges shall appoint, either in Term or Vacation, review the Pro-ceemngs, and give Judgment as they shall be advised thereon; and such Proceedings and Judgment, as altered or affirmed, shall be entered on the original Record, and such further Proceeding as may be necessary thereon shall be awarded by the Court in which the original Record remains, from which Judgment in Error no Writ of Error shall lie or be had, except the same be made returnable in the High Court of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon all Trials for Felonies Judgments to or Misdemeanors upon any Record of the Court of King's Bench, be pronounced Judgment may be pronounced during the Sittings or Assizes by in all Trifl9 the Judge before whom the Verdict shall be taken, as well upon

the Person who shall have suffered Judgment by Default or Con- during the* fession, upon the same Record, as upon those who shall be tried Sittings, except and convicted, whether such Persons be present or not in Court, as herein is ex-excepting only where the Prosecution shall be by Information cepted.

filed

* 48

C. 70.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Attornies of King's Bench or Common Pleas may practise in the Exchequer in like Manner.

Fees of Clerks.

Judges may make Rules for Regulation of Courts.

Justification of Bail before Judge in Chambers.

Jurisdiction of Courts at 'Westminster extended to Counties Palatine, &v.

Hied by Leave of the Court of King's Bench, or such Cases of formations filed by His Majesty's Attorney General wherein the Attorney General shall pray that the Judgment may be postponed; and the Judgment so pronounced shall be indorsed upon the Record of Nisi Prius, and afterwards entered upon the Record in Court, and shall be of the same Force and Effect as a Judgment of the Court, unless the Court shall, within Six Days after the Commencement of the ensuing Term, grant a Rule to shew Cause why a new Trial should not be had or the Judgment amended; and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom the Trial shall be had either to issue an immediate Order or Warrant for committing the Defendant in execution, or to respite the Execution of the Judgment, upon such Terms as he shall think fit, until the Sixth Day of the ensuing Term; and in case Imprisonment shall be Part of the Sentence, to order the Period of Imprisonment to commence on the Day on which the Party shall be actually taken to and confined in Prison.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons admitted or admissible to practise as Attornies in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas shall be admissible in like Manner as Attornies of the Court of Exchequer, and be admitted and allowed to practise there as such, upon Application to the Barons of that Court, without being obliged to employ any Clerk in Court in the Capacity of Attorney of the Court of Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that it shall be lawful for the Barons of the said Court, and they are hereby required, to distinguish by their Rules and Orders the Fees which shall continue to be taken by the Sworn and Side Clerks of the Court for the Duties performed as Officers of the Court, similar to the Duties of the Officers of the other superior Courts, from such Fees and Charges as shall be allowed to be taken by the Attornies so admitted to practise, so that the Amount of such Fees and Charges upon the whole do not exceed thg Amount and Rate of such Fees and Charges as are now allowed upon the Taxation of Costs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases relating to the Practice of any of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in Matters over which the said Courts have a common Jurisdiction, or of or relating to the Practice of the Court of Error before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Judges of the said Courts jointly, or any Eight or more of them, including the Chiefs of each Court, to make general Rules and Orders for regulating the Proceedings of all the said Courts; which said Rules and Orders so made shall be observed in all the said Courts; and no general Rule or Order respecting such Matters shall be made in any Manner, except as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Bail may be justified before a Judge in Chambers, or in some other convenient Place to be by him appointed, as well in Term as in Vacation, and whether the Defendant be actually in Custody or not.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act His Majesty's Writ shall be directed and obeyed, and the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer respectively, and of the

several

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GtJL. IV,

a 7a.

449

several Judges and Barons thereof, shall extend and be exercised ever and within the County of Chester and the County of the City of Chester, and the several Counties in Wales, in like Manner, to the same Extent, and to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as the Jurisdiction of such Courts respectively is now exercised in and over the Counties of England not being Counties Palatine, any Statute heretofore passed to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all original Writs to be issued into the said several Counties of Chester, City of Chester, and Wales, shall be issued by the Cursitors for London and Middlesex, and the Process and Proceedings thereon shall be issued by and transacted with such of the Officers of the several Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas as shall be named for that Purpose by* die Chief Justices of such Courts respectively, each naming for his own Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Power, Autho- Present Juris-rity, and Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Court of Session of the' diction of said County Palatine of Chester, and of the Judges thereof, and of 9ounti"^Im" Hie Court of Exchequer of the said County Palatine, and of the ^pd?ty of1" Chamberlain and Vice Chamberlain thereof, and also of His Wales to cease. Judges and Courts of Great Sessions, both in Law and Equity, in

the Principality of Wales, shall cease and determine at the Commencement of this Act; and that all Suits then depending in any Suits to he of the said Courts, if in Equity, shall be transferred, with all the transferred. Proceedings thereon, to His Majesty's Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, as the Plaintiff or (in default of his making Choice before the last Day of next Michaelmas Term) as any Defendant shall think fit, and if in Law, to the Court of Exchequer, there to be dealt with and decided according to the Prac^ tice of those Courts respectively, or of the Court from whence the same shall be transferred, according to the Discretion of the Court to which the same shall be transferred; which Court shall, for the Purpose of such Suits only, be deemed and taken to have all the Power and Jurisdiction, to all Intents and Purposes, possessed before the passing of this Act by the Court from whence such Suit shall be removed.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Not to aflfect Act contained shall be construed to abolish or affect the Obli- the Rights of gations and Duties or the Jurisdiction or Rights now lawfully

imposed upon, performed, or claimed and exercised by the Mayor r#

and Citizens of Chester in the Courts of the County of the City of Chester or otherwise, save and except that such Writs of Error or false Judgment as may now by any Charter or Usage of the said Corporation be brought upon the Judgments of the said Courts or any of them before any of the Courts abolished by this Act, shall hereafter be issued, as in other Cases, from inferior Courts, and be returnable into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who on or Attornies of before the passing of this Act shall have been admitted as Attor- ^ult8j*T. nies and shall then be practising in any of the Courts of Sessions or Great Sessions in the County Palatine of Chester or in Wales practiae, on respectively, shall be entitled* upon the Payment of One Shilling, ' Payment of US have their Names entered upon a Roll to be kept for that certain Fees.

450

Attornies of Great Sessions may be admitted'*? Attornieswt Wtatmia&ftr.

Masters Extraordinary acting in Courts abolished by this Act allowed to exercise same Powers, upon certain Conditions.

Assizes to be held in Chester and Wales.

C. 70. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Purpose in each of the superior Courts of Westminster, and thereupon be allowed to practise in such Courts in all Actions and Suits against Persons residing, at the Commencement of the Suit, within the County of Chester or Principality of Wales; and that all Persons having served or now actually serving as Clerks to such Attornies under Articles, and who would otherwise be entitled to be admitted as Attornies of the said Courts of Great Sessions, may, on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, be admitted as Attornies of the said Courts at Westminster, for the Purpose of practising there, in the like Matters, only, without Payment of any greater Duty than would be now.payable by Law upon their Admission as Attornies of such Courts, of Great Sessions respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Attornies and Solicitors now actually admitted' and practising in any^of the said Courts of Sessions or .Great Sessions may be admitted as Attornies of the said Courts at Westminster, in ljke Manner as is now or may be hereafter prescribed for the Admission of other Persons as Attornies therein, upon Payment of such Sum for Duty, in addition to the Sum already paid by them in that Behalf, 8S shall, together with such latter Sum, amount to the full Duty required upon Admission of Attornies in the said Courts at West-: tqinster; and that all Persons having served or now actually. serving under Articles as Clerks to such Attornies or Solicitors of. any of the said Courts, of Sessions or Great Sessions, may, at the Expiration of their respective Times of Service, be admitted as Attornies of the said Courts at Westminster, in like Manner and upon Payment of the like, Duty as if they had served under /Articles as Clerks to Attornies of the last-mentioned Courts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall *l)aye been duly appointed a Commissioner for taking Affidavits, or a Master Extraordinary in Chancery of any of the Courts abolished by this Act, shall, upon producing his Appointment -before the proper Officer, and upon the Payment of One Shilling, be entitled to have his Name inserted in a List to be kept for, that Purpose of such Commissioners or Masters Extraordinary, as the Case may be, and to exercise, within the Limits of his existing Commission or Commissions, the same Power and Authority, and for the same Purposes, as if his Commission liad issued from one of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time herein appointed for the Commencement of this Act A|-sizes shall be held for the Trial and Dispatch of all Matters, Criminal and Civil, within the County of Chester and the several Counties and County Towns in the Principality of Wales, under and by virtue of Commissions of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, and other Writs and Commissions, to be issued in like Manner and Form as hath been usual for the Counties in England; and all Laws and Statutes now in force relating to the Execution of such Commissions, when issued for Counties in England, shall extend and be applied to the Execution of the Commissions issued for the County of Chester and the Counties of Wales under the Authority of this Act.

C. 70.

451

A.D. 1830. li° GEO:iV. & 1° GUL.IV.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, until it shall be; other- Mode of hold-wise provided by Law, One of the Two Judges appointed to hold Assizes in the Sessions of Assizes under His Majesty's Commission within Chester and the County of Chester and Principality of Wales shall, in such His Majesty Order and at such Times as they shall appoint, proceed to hold sh«n otherwise such Assizes at the several Places where the same have here, direct, tofore been most usually held within South Wales; and the

other of such Judges shall proceed to hold such Assizes at the several Places where the same have heretofore been most usually held in North Wales; and both of such Judges shall hold the Assizes in and for the County of Chester in like Manner as in other Counties of England.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That a Defendant, who shall Regulations as have been held to Bail upon any Mesne Process issued out of any to rendering in of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record, may be rendered in Defend-Discharge of his Bail, either to the Prison of the Court out of antnot being which such Process issued, according to the Practice of such in Custody. Court, or to the Common Gaol of the County in which he was

so arrested, and the Render to the County Gaol shall be effected in the Manner following; that is to say, the Defendant, or his Bail, or One of them, shall for the Purpose of such Render obtain an Order of a Judge of One of His Majesty's superior Courts of Westminster, and shall lodge such Order with the Gaoler of such County Gaol, and a Notice in Writing of the Lodgment of such Order, and of the Defendant's being actually in Custody of Such Gaoler by virtue of such Order, signed by the Defendant,

Or the Bail, or either of them, or by the Attorney or Agent of any^ or either of them, shall be delivered to the Plaintiff's Attorney or Agent, and the Sheriff or other Person responsible for the Custody of Debtors in such County Gaol shall, on such Render so perfected, be duly charged with the Custody of such Defendant, and the said Bail shall be thereupon wholly exonerated from Liability as such.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That a Defendant who shall As to render-, hereafter be in Custody of the Gaoler of the County Gaol of any «gin Dis-County in England or in the Principality of Wales, by virtue of

any Proceeding out of any of His Majesty's superior Courts of bein^already Record, may be rendered in Discharge of his Bail in any other in Custody. Action depending in any of the said Courts, in the Manner hereinbefore provided for a Render in Discharge of Bail; and the Keeper of such Gaol, or such Sheriff or other Person responsible for the Custody of Debtors as aforesaid, shall on such Render be duly charged with the Custody of such Defendant, and the said Bail shall be thereupon wholly exonerated from Liability as such.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Th&t the Salaries of the Upon Termi-

Judges of the County Palatine of Chester, and of the Judges of nation of Of-the several Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, their

shall, upon the Termination of the said Offices respectively, make siaries to be Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great, retained, and Britain and Ireland, and a Sum equal, to the Amount of each form Part of such Salary shall be retained in the Exchequer as Part of the Consolidated Consolidated Fund, and no Part thereof shall be issued or carried FuikL

fo the Account of the Civil List; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

G g 2 XXIV. ' And

452

C. 70 *

11° GEO. IV. & l° GUL. IY,

A.D. 1830.

Compensation to Welsh Judges on Abolition of their Offices.

CooipcuMtions to Parsons affected by Abolition of the Courts of Wales and Chester.

XXIV. And whereas it is expedient that due Provision should

be made for the Compensation of the Judges hereinafter naen-r tioned, and of other Persons having a Freehold in their Offices in the County of Chester or Principality of Wales, for the Losses

they may sustain by the Abolition of their Offices or Reduction 1 of their Fees by virtue of this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be issued, paid, and payable, out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all former Charges thereon, nut in preference to any Charge hereafter to be made,) to Thomas Jervis Esquire, now One of His Majesty's Justices of the Cheater Circuit, the Sum of One thousand and fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings; to Jonathan Raine Esquire, now His Majesty's Chief Justice of the North Wales Circuit, the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and to Robert Matthew Casberd Esquire, One of His Majesty's Judges of the Brecon Circuit, the Sum of One thousand Pounds; the said several Sums to be payable and paid, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by even Portions, on the Fifth Days of January, April, and Julyt and the Tenth Day of October, in each Year, the first Payment thereof to commence and be made on the first of such Days as shall occur after the Commencement of this Act; and the said Annuities respectively to continue during the Lives of the Parties respectively entitled to receive the same, or until such Time as they may respectively be appointed by His Majesty to any other Place or Office, the Salary or Emoluments of which shall be of e^ual or

Seater Amount than the said Annuities respectively, or m case e Salary or Emolument of such Office shall be of less yearly Amount than the Annuity which the Party appointed to such Office is entitled by this Act to receive, then the said Annuity to be abated and reduced in proportion to the Amount of such Salary or Emoluments, so as to make the whole Sum received by the Party equal to, but not exceeding, the Amount of such Annuity.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall in like Manner, after the Commencement of this Act, be issued, paid, and payable out of and charged upon the said Consolidated Fund, (after paying and reserving as aforesaid, and with such Preference as aforesaid,) to the several Persons having a Freehold Interest in such Offices in the County of Chester or Principality of Wales an shall be abolished or affected by virtue of this Act, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, such Sums of Money, at such Times, by way of Annuity or otherwise, as shall be adjudged and determined to be due to such Persons respectively by any Commission to be appointed by His Majesty or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of determining the Amount of the Compensation that ought to be due and payable in such Cases; and that in the Meantime and until Compensation; shall be awarded and determined in manner aforesaid, or the Time shall have elapsed that may be appointed for claiming the same, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue their Warrants for the Payment to such Persons as aforesaid, out of the said Consolidated Fund, of

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C*70.

455

such half-yearly or quarterly Allowances as to the said Commit wonors shall seem reasonable, both as to the Amount and Times of Payment, on account of such Compensation as may thereafter be awarded to the said Parties respectively.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to such Compensation or Allowance as aforesaid, whose Appointment to his Office was qualified by any Condition or Reservation expressed in his Patent or otherwise made known to such Person, that such Office or the Emoluments thereof were to be held and enjoyed subject to any future Provision to be made by Parliament touching the same, or without any Claim to Compensation in case the same should cease or be subjected to any Regulation: And provided also, that no Person shall be entitled to receive any such Compensation or Allowance who shall not previously make a full and true Statement to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to be verified on Oath before a Judge or Master in Chancery, if they shall think fit so to direct, of the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments of such Office, and of the Disbursements and Outgoings of the same, for the Space of Ten Yean before the passing of this Act; and that such Compensation or Allowance shall cease alto* gather, or be reduced in Amount, as the Case may be, whenever the Party entitled to receive the same shall be placed in any other public Office of which the Salary and Emoluments shall be equal to the Whole or to Part of such Compensation or Allowance, so that in the last-mentioned Case no Person shall be entitled to receive more of such Compensation or Allowance than shall be equal to the Difference between the full Amount thereof and the Amount of the Salary and Emoluments of the Office in which he may be hereafter placed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Records, Muni* roents, and Writings of the several Courts abolished by this Act shall, until otherwise provided by Law, be kept by the same Persons and in the same Places as before the passing of this Act $ and that the Court of Common Pleas shall have the like Power and Authority to amend the Records of Fines and Recoveries passed heretofore in any of the Courts abolished by this Act, as if the same had been levied, suffered, or had in the Court of Common Pleas: Provided always, that in case of the Death of any such Person before any other Provision shall have been made for keeping such Records, Muniments, and Writings, the Custody thereof shall be with the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties to which Counties the same shall respectively belong.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon all Fines which now are or before the Commencement of this Act shall be duly acknowledged in Chester or Wales, Proclamation may be made at the successive Assizes to be holden under His Majesty's Commission within the County of Chester and Principality of Walts, before any Judge of such Assize, during the Continuance of such his Commission, in the same Manner and Form, and with the same Force and Effect, as if the same had been proclaimed before the Justices of Chester and Wales, or any of them; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Reco-

G g 3 veries

Persons appointed under certain Restrictions, to the Offices about to be abolished, not entitled to Compensation.

Records of the several Courts abolished to be kept as hs — ta fore until otherwise provided for *

Proclamation upon Fines may be made at Assises in Chester or Wales.

Fines, &c. to

C. 7<X.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.' A.D. 1830.

4S*.

be levied in Chester, Sec. as in other Counties of England.

Not to affect. the Rights of Lessees by Patent before the passing of this Act.

Lord Chancellor may appoint Trustees for charitable Uses.in lieu of Judges abolished by this Act.

Officers to take the same Oaths before Judges hereby appointed as they did before the ' Judges of the Courts hereby abolished.

For passing Accounts of Sheriffs of County of. Chester and Principality of Wales.

varies to be levied and suffered after the Commencement of this Act, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the County of Chester or County of the City of Chester or Principality of Wales* shall be levied and suffered in such and the like Manner, and the same Officers shall be employed therein, as in the Case of Fines and Recoveries now levied or suffered of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any County of England not being a County Palatine.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to affect the Right of any Lessee by Patent under the Crown, or of. any Pensioner or other Person lawfully entitled to any Portion of the Money payable upon Fines and Recoveries, of Manors, Lands, or Tenements in the County of Chester or Principality of Wales, but that the same shall be paid and payable by the proper Officer of the Court of Common Pleas who shall receive the same, to such Lessee or other Person, or his Agent, in like Manner and to the same Extent as heretofore, during the Continuance of his - Interest therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Trust for charitable Uses or of a public Nature shall have been cast upon the Judges of the Courts hereby abolished, by virtue of their Offices, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of the Seals for the Time being, or for the Judges of Assize upon their Circuits, in the County of Chester or Principality of Wales* to appoint such other Trustee or Trustees as they shall think fit, by any Writing under their Hands, in place of the -former Judge or Judges; which Trustee or Trustees so named shall have the same Power and Authority, and be subject to the same Rules and Duties, as the Trustee or Trustees for. whom he or they may be substituted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where by any Law, Charter, or Usage any Corporate or other Officer or Person hath been accustomed or ought to take any Oath before any of the Judges or other Officers or in any of the Courts abolished by this Act, such Officer or Person may and shall take the same Oath before any Judge during the Assizes or in open Court at the Quarter Sessions in the County where such Oath was formerly taken, and such Oath being so taken shall have the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as > if taken before any of the Judges or in any of the Courts abolished by this Act.

XXXIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Accounts of the Sheriffs of the County of Chester and Principality of Wales ' should be passed, as nearly as Circumstances will admit, in the same Manner as heretofore; Be it enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, within Ten Days after the Conclusion of the Assizes in the County of Chester and in each County in Wales, shall make out a Roll containing the Names and Places of Residence of all Persons liable to the Payment of any Fines, Issues, Amercements, Recognizances, Compositions, or other Sums imposed or forfeited during the preceding Assizes, with the Sums set opposite to each Name, and shall forthwith transmit the same to the Sheriff, with an Order upon the Sheriff, signed in the Name of One of the Judges of Assize, directing the Sheriff to cause such Bums to.be

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

C. 70.

45 5

levied and recovered from the Parties liable to pay the same, which Order shall be of the same Force and Efficacy, and be returnable to the same Person or Persons, as any Writ or Process heretofore issued to the Sheriff for the like Purpose; and the Sheriff, upon the Receipt thereof, shall proceed to levy the Sums in the said Roll mentioned, and shall be accountable for the same, and all Arrears thereof, in the same Manner, at the same Time, and to the same Officer, and shall pass his Accounts before the same Officer or Officers, as he hath been heretofore accustomed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons Attornie* G*. holding and exercising within the several Counties of Chester and neral County Wales the Office of His Majesty's Attorney General shall, until

His Majesty's Pleasure shall be otherwise declared, continue Unue until^III. (within their several Places and Counties where they are now Majesty shall entitled to exercise such Office) to have, in Person only, and not otherwise ap^ by Deputy, the same Rank, Name of Office, and the same Pri.- P"1 *

vileges, Fees, and Emoluments, which by any Law or Custom they have hitherto enjoyed and held within their respective Counties, save and except such Fees as would necessarily cease with the Abolition, of the Courts and Jurisdictions abolished by this Act.

XXXV. And whereas the General Quarter Sessions of the When Quarter Peace are now directed to be held in each Year in the First Sessions are tp Week after the Eleventh Day of October, in the First Week *

after the Epiphany, in the First Week after the Clause of Easter.,

and in the First Week after the Translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr: And whereas it will be expedient that the Times of holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace should be altered in part; Be it therefore enacted, That in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and afterwards, the Justices of the Peace in every County, Riding, or Division for which Quarter Sessions of the Peace by Law ought to be held, shall hold their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the First Week after the Eleventh Day of October, in the First Week after the Twenty-eighth Day of December, in the First Week after the Thirty-first Day of March, and in the First Week after the Twenty-fourth Day of June; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things done, performed, and transacted at the Times appointed by this Act for the holding of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be as valid and binding to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been done, performed, and transacted at General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at the Times by Law limited for the holding thereof before the passing of this Act.

XXXVI. And whereas Landlords, to whom a Right of Entry Landlords ta

into or upon any Lands or Hereditaments may acrue during or recover Possesimmediately after Hilary and Trinity Terms respectively, are after*No

at present unable to prosecute Ejectments against their Tenants, Ejects so as to try the same at the Assizes immediately ensuing, where- ment.

by much Delay is occasioned in the Recovery of the Possession of Lands and Tenements wrongfully withheld by Tenants against their Landlords; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Actions of Ejectment hereafter to be brought in any of His Majesty

Courts at Westminster by any Landlord against his Tenant, or

Gg 4 against

C. 70.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

466

against any Person claiming through or under such Tenant, for the Recovery of any Lands or Hereditaments where the Tenancy shall expire, or the Right of Entry into or upon such Lands or Hereditaments shall accrue to such Landlord, m or after Hilary or Trinity Terms respectively, it shall be lawful for the Lessor of the Plaintiff in any such Action, at any Time within Ten Days .after such Tenancy shall expire or Right of Entry accrue as aforesaid, to serve a Declaration in Ejectment entitled of the Day next after the Day of the Demise in such Declaration, whether the same shall be in Term or in Vacation, with a Notice thereunto Subscribed, requiring the Tenant or Tenants in Possession to appear and plead thereto within Ten Days in the Court in which such Action may he brought; and Proceedings shall be had on such Declaration, and Rules to plead entered and given, in such and the same Manner, as nearly as may be, as if such Declaration had been duly served before the preceding Term: Provided always, that no Judgment shall be signed against the casual Ejeptor until Default of Appearance and Plea within such Ten Days, and that at least Six clear Days' Notice of Trial shall be given to the Defendant before the Commission Day of the Assizes at which such Ejectment is intended to be tried; provided alsot that any Defendant in such Action may, at any Time before the Trial thereof, apply to a Judge of either of His Majesty's superior Courts at Westminster, by Summons in the usual Maimer, for Time to plead* or for staying or setting aside the Proceedings, or for postponing the Trial until the next Assizes; and that it shall be lawful for the Judge in his Discretion to make such Order in the said Cause as to him shall seem expedient.

Declaration to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in making up the Record of the Proceedings on any such Declaration in Ejectment

pea y. s^]j ^e ]awfui entitle such Declaration specially of the Day

next after the Day of the Demise therein, whether such Day shall he in Term or in Vacation, and no Judgment thereupon shall be avoided or reversed by reason only of such special Titles Writ of Pot.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Trials

session may of Ejectments at Nisi Prius, when a Verdict shall be given for flcateof Ju?1" Pontiff, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited for Want of the *c ° Ug* Defendant's Appearance to confess Lease, Entry, or Ou6ter, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried to certify his Opinion on the Back of the Record that a Writ of Possession ought to issue immediately, and upon such Certificate a Writ of Possession may be issued forthwith; and the Costs may be taxed, and Judgment signed and executed afterwards at the usual Time, as if no such Writ had issued: Pror vided always, that such Writ, instead of reciting a Recovery by Judgment in the For.ra now in use, shall recite shortly that the Cause came on for Trial at Nisi Prius at such a Time and Place and before such a Judge, (naming the Time, Place, and Judge,) and that thereupon the said Judge certified his Opinion that a Writ of Possession ought to issue immediately.

Commence-

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall, as to all Mat-meat of Act. ters not otherwise provided for, commence and take effect upon and from the Twelfth Day of October in this present Year.

A.D. 1830. 11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV.

£.71, 72.

467

CAP. LXXL An Act for correcting mistaken References to Acts of His late Majesty in Acts passed during the present Session of Parliament.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS several Acts were agreed upon by the Lords

n Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present ' Parliament assembled, during the Reign of His kte Majesty King George the Fourth, of blessed Memory, and did not receive

the Royal Assent until after the Demise of His late Majesty:

And whereas in some of such Acts there are Recitals, References, and Enactments which in Words refer to Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, which Recitals, References, and Enactmepts were correct and proper with Reference to the Time when the said Acts were agreed upon by both Houses of Parliament, although they have become incorrect with Reference to the Time at which they have received the Royal Assent .:

And whereas it is expedient to guard against any Doubt which

may arise in consequence of such incorrect References: Be it 1 therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Mistaken Retry the Authority of the same, That every Act of Parliament which ferences not to has passed in this present Session of Parliament, in which any In^hdate any Act of Parliament actually passed in the Rteign of His late Ma- pi^°t g^ jesty shall be referred to, either by way of Recital, Enactment, or otherwise, as an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be deemed, construed, and taken as referring to every such last-raeq-tioned Act of Parliament accurately and correctly as of the Reign of His late Majesty; and no such mistaken or inaccurate Reference shall in anywise impeach, affect, or invalidate any Act of Parliament passed in this present Session of Parliament, or any Clause or Provision thereof.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to allow, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse 9 g.4. c. 93.

4 to be refined: And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act 10 G.4. c. 89 ' to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Provisions of an Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined: And whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the said first-recited Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Application of any Foreign Sugar Person actually carrying on the Business of a Sugar Refiner in be deli-

the

C. 72^7S.

11° GEO. IV. A.1° GUL..IV. A.D. 1830.

4 5 *

* ered to be re. fined until July 1831) on Payment of the Duties herein mentioned.

the Ports of London, Liverpool, Bristol, or Glasgow, and having Two Pans at least at work upon the same Premises, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs at those Ports respectively, at any Time before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, to deliver to such Person any Quantity of Foreign Sugar, or of Sugar the Produce of the East Indies, not exceeding the Quantity specified in the said first-recited Act, to be by him refined, under the Regulations, and upon the Conditions, and in the Manner in the said first-recited. Act directed, upon Payment of the following Duties, in lieu of the Duties specified in the said Act; (that is to say,)

Duties on Sugaa delivered.to be refined.

Brown or Muscovado or Clayed Sugar, not being

of greater Value than the Average Price of Sugar £ s. d.

of the British Plantations in America, the Cwt. - 14 0

..... and further, in respect of every Shilling by

which such Sugar shall be of greater Value than

such Average Price, the Cwt. - 0 0 6

And all and every the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Matters and Things, contained in the said first-recited Act, shall extend to this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and had made Part thereof.

CAP. LXXIII.

Ajq Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Sixtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels, as relates to the Sentence of Banishment for the Second Offence; and to provide some further Remedy against the Abuse of publishing Libels.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled

60 G.3. c. 8« ' An Act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of bias-

phemous and seditious Libels, it was amongst other things ' enacted, that if any Person should, after the passing of that Act, be legally convicted of having composed, printed, or

published any blasphemous Libel or any such seditious Libel ' as in the said Act is before mentioned, and should after being

so convicted offend a Second Time, and be thereof legally com- victed before any Commission of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol

Delivery, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, such Person might on such Second Conviction be adjudged, at the Dis *

cretion of the Court, either to suffer such Punishment as might ' by Law be inflicted in Cases of high Misdemeanor, or to be ' banished from the United Kingdom and all other .Parts of His Majesty's Dominions for such Term of Years as the Court in which such Conviction should take place should order: And

C. 73.

459

whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as ' relates to the Sentence of Banishment for the Second Offence Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the Punishment of said Act as relate to the Sentence of Banishment for the Second Banishment Offence be and the same are-hereby wholly repealed. repealed.

1L 4 And whereas by a certain other Act passed in the Sixtieth Amount of

Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled Ah Bonds to be

' Act to subject certain Publications to the Duties of Stamps upon given by Per-. Newspapers, and to make other Regulations for restraining the S"^ubllshing

Abuses arising from the Publication of blasphemous and seditious Asunder" *

Libels, certain Provisions were made for preventing any Person go g.s. c. 9.

from publishing any Newspaper or Pamphlet, or other Paper of increased.

1 the Description therein mentioned, without first entering into 1 a Recognizance or giving a Bond, with Sureties, in Manner and

to the Amount therein specified, for securing the Payment of 1 Fines upon Convictions for Libels: And whereas it is expedient c to increase the Amount of such Recognizances and Bonds, and to extend the same, for the Purpose of securing the Payment of Damages and Costs that may be incurred by Actions at Law 1 for Libels published in such Newspapers, Pamphlets, or other 1 Papers as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That the Amount of such Recognizances and Bonds, in all Cases whenever it shall be hereafter necessary, according to the Provisions of the said Act, to enter into any new Recognizance or Bond, shall be extended to the Sum of Four hundred Pounds for the Principal, and the like Sum for the Sureties, in any such new Recognizances, and to the Sum of Three hundred Pounds for the Principal, and the like Sum for the Sureties, in any such new Bond; and that the Conditions of such new Recognizances and Bonds respectively shall extend to secure the Payment of Damages and Costs to be recovered in Actions for Libels published in such Newspapers,

Pamphlets, or other Papers, as well as to secure the Payment of

Fines to His Majesty upon such Convictions as aforesaid; and

that all the Clauses and Provisions in the said last-mentioned Act contained, relating to the Recognizances and Bonds therein mentioned, shall be applicable and extend to such new Recognizances and Bonds as are herein directed to be taken and made.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Plaintiff, in any Dan, *^ due Action for Libel against any Editor, Conductor, or Proprietor of to any PUintiff such Newspaper, Pamphlet, or other Paper as aforesaid, shall in any Action make it appear by Affidavit to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer for Libel may that he is entitled to have Execution against the Defendant upon recoved any Judgment in such Action, but that he has not been able to procure Satisfaction by Writ of Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Defendant, it shall be lawful for the said Court, for the Benefit of such Plaintiff, to order and direct such Proceedings to be had and taken upon such Recognizances or Bonds respectively as would be taken to obtain any Fines or Penalties due to <His Majesty secured by such Recognizance and Bond:

Provided always, that the Expence of such Proceedings shall be exclusively borne by such Plaintiff as aforesaid.

(4-60

(3.74.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

CAP. LXXIV.

Freeholders of Bassetlaw to vote at Elections for East Retford.

Right of Elec* tion.

Freeholder's

>ath.

An Act to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS there has been the most notorious, long continued, and general Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford

in the County of Nottingham: And whereas such Bribery and Corruption is likely to continue and be practised in the said ' Borough in future, unless some Means are taken to prevent the ' same; In order, therefore, to prevent such unlawful Practices for the future, and that the said Borough may from henceforth be duly represented in Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, being above the Age of Twenty-one Years, who shall have, within the Hundred of Bauetlaxo in the County of Nottingham, or in any Place or Places locally situate within the outside Boundary or Limit of the said Hundred of Bauetlam^ or surrounded by such Boundary, and any Part of the County of York or County of Lincoln, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford: Provided always, that all Places locally situate within the external Boundary or Limit of the said Hundred of Bassetlaw, or surrounded by such Boundary, and by any Part of the County of York or County of Lincoln, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Hundred for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the Said Borough of East Retford shall be and is hereby declared to be in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, have or shall hereafter have a Right to vote at such Election, (excepting always Persons who may have been made Freemen by Redemption since the last Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, and Persons who may hereafter be made Freemen by Redemption; ) and the proper Officer for the Time being, to whom the Return of every Writ or Precept does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Freeholders only shall be entitled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Nottingham according to the Laws now in being for regulating County Elections.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Freeholder,

before

before he is admitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Election, first take the Oath, or, being One of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation following; videlicet, >

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm}, That

1 I am a Freeholder in the Hundred of Bassetlaw in the County

of Nottingham, or in a Place thereunto annexed for the Purposes of an Act of Parliament made in the Eleventh Year of the

1 Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, (a) intituled [here (a) See 1 W. 4.

set Jforth the Title of this Act], and have a Freehold Estate con- c- 71.

Bisting of [specifying the Nature thereof, and tf

1 it consists in Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Tithes, in whose Occupation the same are, and if in Rent Charge, the Names of the Owners or Possessors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is issuing, or if some f them,] situate, lying, or being at

in the Hundred of Bassetlaw, or in some Place or Places annexed thereunto for the Purposes of the said Act, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same; and that I have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for my own Use above Twelve Calendar Months, [or that the same came to me within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office,] and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted

or made over to me fraudulently on Purpose to qualify me to 1 give my Vote; and that the Place of my Abode is at

in; and that I am Twenty-one Years of

Age, as I believe; and that I have not been polled before at this Election.

Which Oath or solemn Affirmation the proper Officer to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong is hereby empowered and required to administer; and in case any Punishment Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation for Perjury. hereby appointed shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they for every such Offence respectively shall incur such Penalties as are by Law inflicted on Persons guilty of Perjury or Subornation of Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proper Officer to- Duty of return, whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any ing Officer Election for the said Borough shall, upon the Receipt of such upon Receipt Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his- of the Writ' Receipt thereof, in the Presence of the Party from whom he received such Precept, and shall forthwith cause public Notice-to be given within the said Borough of East Retford, and the several Towns of Worksop, Tuxford, and Ollerton, by affixing up a Notice thereof and of the Day of Election, in Writing, on the-Market Houses, or on the Doors of the Churches in the said *

C. 74, 75.

11° GEO. IV. & 1° GUL. IV. A.D. 1830.

Towns, and shall'proceed to Election thereupon within the Space of Twelve Days, and not less than Eight Days, after his Receipt of the said Precept.

[Act to be read at Elections.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be publicly read at every Election for the said Borough of East Retford,

immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Election.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Insolvency of Gilbert Ricketts Esquire, formerly Registrar of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras.

[23d July 1830.]

WHEREAS Gilbert Ricketts Esquire, deceased, late Registrar of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, in the

East Indies, was, as such Registrar, empowered by an Act of

the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King

39 & 40 G.3. George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing further Re-

c. 79. ' gulations for the Government of the British Territories in India,

and the better Administration of Justice within the same, to admi- nister to all British Subjects dying intestate within the Presi-

dency of Madras; and the said Court was thereby directed to 1 grant such Letters of Administration to the Registrar of the

Court; and accordingly the said Gilbert Ricketts did obtain from

time to time Administrations out of the said Court to several

Persons who had died intestate within the said Presidency of Madras, and as such Administrator collected their Estates and ' Effects: And whereas the said Gilbert Ricketts got into.hia ' Hands and Possession, as such Registrar, certain Sums of Money ordered by the said Court to be paid into Court by the? 4 Suitors thereof, and afterwards died insolvent on or about the Fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, without having lodged in the Treasury at Madras the

s ' Monies and Effects he had so as aforesaid received on account

of the Estates of Intestates and from the Suitors of the said

Court; by reason whereof those Persons representing the said ' Intestates, and lawfully entitled to their Estates, a£ well as the

Suitors of the said Court, have suffered great Loss and Damage in this respect: And whereas, in order to know the State and ' Particulars of the Deficiency of the said Gilbert Ricketts m ' respect of the Estates of Intestates, and the Monies paid in by ' the Suitors of the Court, that came to his Hands, the Honourable ' the Judges of the said Court, Sir John Newbolt and Sir Edmond

-f ' Stanley, made an Order, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of

(December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, whereby; ' it was referred to Mister John Shaw the then Registrar of the

said Court, 'Mister George Garrow the Accountant General, Sm- Samuel Toller Knight, Advocate General, Mister Henry Byne

Barrister at Law, and Mister Robert Ormey Company's Solicitor,

as a Committee or Commissioners to inquire into and report ' upon the Accounts of the then late Registrar Mister Gilbert Ricketts, relative to the Suitors Money and the Estates of de-

ceased Persons which came to his Hands: And whereas the

C. 75.

463

Survivors of the said Commissioners made their Report to the ' Court, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of.JWy One thousand eight hundred and twenty, whereby they reported, that in respect to the Estates of Intestates that came to* the Hands, of the said Gilbert Ricketts there was a Deficiency of Pagodas One hundred and twenty-three thousand one hundred and five, and thirty-seven Fanams, making in British Sterling Money, at the Rate of Eight Shillings to the Pagoda, Forty-nine thousand two hundred and forty-two Pounds, and in that of the Suitors a Deficiency of Pagodas One thousand six hundred and sixty-two,

making in British Sterling, at the Rate aforesaid, Six hundred and sixty-four Pounds and sixteen Shillings; the Particulars whereof, and the Estates and Suitors to whom due, are set out in the Schedules to the said Report annexed, and forming Part thereof, marked (A.) (B.) (C.) and (D.): And whereas, upon the aforesaid Commissioners having made the aforesaid Report of the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the said Court at Madras, in pursuance of the Order of the said Court of the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Honourable the Judges of the said Court transmitted the same, on the Thirtieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Governor in Council at Madras, stating that Mister Ricketts died insolvent, and that there was no Fund applicable to the Discharge of the Balances reported due, and recommended it as highly important to public Justice that some Fund should be provided for the Discharge of such Claims: And whereas it is expedient that Provision shall be made for Payment to such Persons as shall appear entitled thereto of the several Sums so lost by the Malversation of the said Gilbert Ricketts; Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Court of Dicec-same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of tors of the East Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading *nd*4 Com-to the East Indies, and the said Court of Directors is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to appropriate so much of {^eir jerri- ° the Territorial Revenues of the said United Company as will be torial Revenues sufficient to pay off and discharge to such Persons as shall appear to discharge the to be entitled thereto, as the lawful Representatives of the intes- Su due to tates named in the Schedule annexed to the said Report of the ^fjntesf Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and tates and twenty, marked (D.), and also to the Suitors of the said Court Suitors in the namea in the Schedules annexed to the said Report of the Twenty- Supreme Court ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, of Judicature marked respectively (A.) (B.) and (C.), or to the lawful Represent- Madr"* atives of such of the said Suitors who have since deceased, and shall appear to be entitled thereto, the several and respective Principal Sums of Money set forth and specified in the said Schedules respectively as due to the Estates of the Intestates and the Suitors therein respectively named.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors The Court of shall, as soon as reasonably may be after the passing of this Act, Directors to send out Instructions to the Governor and Council at Madras, JVj.

4£4

the Payment of the Sums hereby required;

or the same may be made in this Country.

Public Act

directing that the said Governor and Coancil shall, upon Demand being made by or on Behalf of any such Persons lawfully qualified, and entitled thereto, pay out of the said Territorial Revenues of the said Company to such Person or Persons, or to their lawfully constituted Attornies, as soon as reasonably may he, the Principal Sums mentioned in the said several Schedules to the said Report of the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors, if they shall see fit, to make any such Payments in this Country to any Persons who shall appear entitled thereto, and at such Rate of Exchange as shall be mutually agreed upon between the said Court and such Persons respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Local & personal acts moved to separate file.]

