THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

6 GEORGE IV. 1825.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1825.

(Price 1l. 11s. 6d. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SIXTH Session of the SEVENTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

6 GEORGE IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. Page 1

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. 2

3. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. Ibid.

4. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to unlawful Societies in Ireland. 7

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 11

6. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 17

7. An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases therein mentioned. 21

8. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 29

9. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions in England; and also for granting certain Duties on Sugar imported; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. 31

10. An Act to facilitate the Proceedings before the Commissioners of Inquiry relating to Courts of Justice in Ireland. 36

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Page 38

12. An Act to prolong the Time of the Commencement of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and to amend the said Act. Ibid.

13. An Act to reduce the Duties on Wine, Coffee and Hemp, imported into the United Kingdom. 40

14. An Act for applying the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. 43

15. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, by establishing further Checks upon the Expenditure of Public Money for that Purpose, in certain Cases. Ibid.

16. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts. 46

17. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. 87

18. An Act to make further Provision for the Payment of the Crews of His Majesty's Ships, and Vessels. 90

19. An Act for the Amendment of the Law as to the Offence of sending threatening Letters. 96

20. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

21. An Act to amend an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis. 97

22. An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland. 99

23. An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Stewart and Burgh Courts of Scotland. 106

24. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. 110

25. An Act for defining the Rights of Capital Convicts who receive Pardon, and of Convicts after having been punished for Clergyable Felonies; for placing Clerks in Orders on the same Footing with other Persons, as to Felonies; and for limiting the Effect of the Benefit of Clergy. 116

26. An Act for the Consolidation of the Royal Naval Asylum with the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent. 118

27. An Act for extending to Scotland certain Provisions of an Act for the Relief of the Poor, in so far as the same relate to Parochial Relief to Chelsea and other Pensioners. 119

28. An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and Ireland, by way of Liverpool. Page 122

29. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk. 123

30. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. Ibid.

31. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six. 134

32. An Act to provide for the Application of Monies arising in certain Cases of Assessments for Land Tax in Great Britain. 153

33. An Act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, and the Duties payable to them; and to authorize the Transfer and Disposal of the Possessions and Property of the said Governor and Company, for the Public Service. 158

34. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase a certain Annuity in respect of Duties of Customs levied in the Isle of Man, and and reserved Sovereign Rights in the said Island, belonging to John Duke of Atholl. 162

35. An Act to render more effectual the several Acts for authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, so far as relates to Ireland. 163

36. An Act for enabling the Corporation of Pembroke to relinquish and convey to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy the Right of letting the Stalls, Sittings and other Conveniences in the Market established in the Town of Pembroke Dock, and the Right to the Rents, Tolls and Fees thereof. 167

37. An Act to provide for the future Assimilation of the Duties of Excise upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Mead and Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry, in Great Britain and Ireland, and to continue the Duty of Excise on Sweets or Made Wines in Great Britain until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six. 169

38. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the New Street from thence to Pall Mall; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 173

39. An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Van Diemens Land Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in His Majesty's Island of Van Diemen s Land, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 181

40. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in England, in certain Cases, to borrow Money on Mortgage of the Rate of the County, Riding or Place, for which such Justices shall be then acting. Page 192

41. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable in Great Britain and Ireland upon the Transfer of Property in Ships and Vessels, and upon Bonds and Debentures required to be given in relation to the Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties of Customs or Excise; and to grant other Duties of Stamps on such Bonds and Debentures. 195

42. An Act for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland. 198

43. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for impounding of Distresses in Ireland. 209

44. An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Columbia and Mexico. 213

45. An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Enrolment of Articles of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies in England, and the making and filing of Affidavits relating thereto, in certain Cases, where the same may have been omitted or neglected. 215

46. An Act to prevent Articled Clerks of Attornies and others, in Great Britain, from being prejudiced by the Neglect of such Attornies and others, in omitting to take out their annual Certificates. 217

47. An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing making, Sedition and Blasphemy, in Scotland. 218

48. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts in Scotland. 219

49. An Act for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of piratical Ships and Vessels. 230

50. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries. 232

51. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Special Juries, and to Trials in Counties of Cities and Towns, and Towns Corporate, in Ireland. 266

52. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending former Acts relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of Treasurers and Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland. 271

53. An Act for limiting the Time within which Inquisitions of Lunacy, Idiotcy and Non Compos Mentis, may be traversed, and for making other Regulations in the Proceedings pending a Traverse. 273

54. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland. 275

55. An Act to regulate the Proceedings as to sealing of Writs in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 277

56. An Act to amend Two Acts for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property in Mines and from Corporate Bodies. 282

57. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes. Page 283

58. An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and on Spirits, made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon. 284

59. An Act to provide for the Extinction of Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens on Lands held à Titre de Fief and à Titre de Cens, in the Province of Lower Canada; and for the gradual Conversion of those Tenures into the Tenure of Free and Common Soccage; and for other Purposes relating to the said Province. 289

60. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 298

61. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service; and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers; and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company. 302

62. An Act to amend an Act of the Scottish Parliament, relative to the Aliment of poor Prisoners. 304

63. An Act to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein. 305

64. An Act to alter for One Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Duty on Wheat the Produce of the British Possessions in North America. 309

65. An Act to allow, until the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Entry of Warehoused Corn, Grain and Wheaten Flour for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty. 310

66. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to the Trial of Peers for Offences committed in Scotland. 312

67. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy. 316

68. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by Packet Boats between Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Colonies, and also in the United Kingdom. 317

69. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies; and better regulating the Powers of Justices of the Peace in New South Wales. Page 320

70. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. 323

71. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, for the Purpose of enabling His said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland. Ibid.

72. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Duchess of Kent, for the Purpose of enabling Her said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of Her Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent. 324

73. An Act for further regulating the Trade of His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and for the warehousing of Goods therein. 325

74. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees, who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics or Trustees of unsound Mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics and Persons of unsound Mind. 335

75. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Canada Company," certain Lands in the Province of Upper Canada, and to invest the said Company with certain Powers and Privileges, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 342

76. An Act to extend to the Island of Mauritius the Duties and Regulations which relate to the British Islands in the West Indies. 347

77. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham House. 348

78. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 350

79. An Act to provide for the Assimilation of the Currency and Monies of Account throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 367

80. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the Warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation. 377

81. An Act to repeal several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences. 444

82. An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of King's Bench in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office. Page 467

83. An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of Common Pleas in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Amnuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office. 472

84. An Act to provide for the augmenting the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellor of England, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Puisne Judges and Barons of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to such Vice Chancellor, and additional Annuities to such Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron and Puisne Judges and Barons, on their Resignation of their respective Offices. 479

85. An Act for further regulating the Payment of the Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India, and the Bishop of Calcutta; for authorizing the Transportation of Offenders from the Island of Saint Helena; and for more effectually providing for the Administration of Justice in Singapore and Malacca, and certain Colonies on the Coast of Coromandel. 484

86. An Act to provide for the Erection of certain Courts and Offices of Justice in Scotland. 497

87. An Act to regulate the Payment of Salaries and Allowances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports, and the Disbursements at such Ports for certain public Purposes. 507

88. An Act to make Provision for the Salaries of certain Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Dignitaries and Ministers, in the Diocese of Jamaica, and in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands; and to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to such Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices. 517

89. An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Office of Receiver and Comptroller of the Seal of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas. 520

90. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding or who have held certain high and efficient Civil Offices. 521

91. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, as relates to the restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices in the said Act mentioned; and for conferring additional Powers upon His Majesty, with respect to the granting of Charters of Incorporation to trading and other Companies. 522

92. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns have not usually been published. 524

93. An Act to render valid certain Decrees and Orders at the Rolls Court. 526

94. An Act to alter and amend an Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares or Merchandize intrusted to Factors or Agents. Page 527

95. An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to call to the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, to take upon themselves that Office in Vacation. 532

96. An Act for preventing frivolous Writs of Error. 533

97. An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace and good Order in the Universities of England. 534

98. An Act to prevent the further Circulation of Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Convenience of the Public, and for defraying the Expence of exchanging such Tokens. 535

99. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same. 536

100. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead. 545

101. An Act to provide for the repairing, maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland. 575

102. An Act to amend the Laws respecting deserted Children in Ireland. 579

103. An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to acquire certain Portions of the Docks and Shore Ground at Leith for a Naval Yard, and to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money on the Security of the Docks and of the Harbour of Leith. 580

104. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Customs, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Bounties on Refined Sugar; and to alter the Bounty on Cordage. 586

105. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs. 614

106. An Act for the Management of the Customs. 676

107. An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs. 695

108. An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling. 740

109. An Act for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation. 779

110. An Act for the registering of British Vessels. 784

111. An Act for granting Duties of Customs. 808

112. An Act for the warehousing of Goods. 888

113. An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs. 900

114. An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions abroad. 905

115. An Act for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man. 935

116. An Act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts. 943

117. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Flint Glass in Great Britain, and to impose other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof, throughout the United Kingdom; and to continue the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under Customs and Excise Laws in Ireland, until further Provision can be made. Page 949

118. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate in Ireland, and also on certain Licences in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Commissioners of Excise to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to repeal so much of an Act as requires Excise Stamps to be affixed on Papers and Pots containing Cocoa Paste. 967

119. An Act to allow Newspapers to be printed upon Paper of a larger Size than is now allowed; and to reduce the Stamp Duties now payable upon Supplements to Newspapers and other Papers in Great Britain. 971

120. An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland. 974

121. An Act to enable the Insolvent Debtors' Court to dispense, until the end of the next Session of Parliament, with the Necessity of Prisoners residing within the Walls in certain Cases. 995

122. An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland. 996

123. An Act to establish a Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons; and to prohibit the Sale of certain Offices under the Sergeant at Arms attending the House of Commons. 1014

124. An Act for making the Four Districts in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, District Rectories for certain Purposes. 1016

125. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting Pilots and Pilotage; and also for the better Preservation of Floating Lights, Buoys and Beacons. 1021

126. An Act to make Provision in Scotland for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, maiming, disfiguring and disabling His Majesty's Subjects. 1062

127. An Act for making further Provision by Law for the Protection of Property in Orchards, Gardens and Nursery Grounds. 1063

128. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance out of the Consolidated Fund certain Sums for the Payment of Debts due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and for the erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and to repeal certain Duties on Licences relating to Cards and Clubs in the City of Dublin. 1064

129. An Act to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 1066

130. An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Church Rates in Ireland, and to regulate the same. 1078

131. An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships in Scotland may sue and be sued. 1079

132. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest of Salcey, in the Counties of Northampton and Buckingham, and of certain Lands in the Parish of Hartwell in the said County of Northampton. Page 1080

133. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales. 1081

134. An Act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1089

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter in the County of Stafford, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road. Page 1098

ii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Penwortham Bridge to the Boundary between the Townships of Wrightington and Shevington, and the Road from Lydiate Lane End to a Bridge called Little Hanging Bridge, all in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

iii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road called Wellington Bridge Road, near the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wakefield to Bradford, in the said Riding, near a certain Place called Tong Lane End, in the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Parish of Birstal, in the Riding aforesaid, with several Branch Roads therefrom. 1099

iv. An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway and Turnpike Road from or near Griggs Quay, in the Parish of Uny Lelant, over Hayle River and Sands, in the Parish of Saint Erth, to Carnsew Quay, through Hayle Foundery, in the said Parish of Saint Erth, and Pen Poll, in the Parish of Phillack, all in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

v. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Ardwick in the County of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof. Ibid.

vi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

vii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham. Ibid.

viii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Bridgnorth to Shiffnall, otherwise Idsall, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

ix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to Catterick, in the same County, and from thence to Piersbridge on the River Tees. Page 1099

x. An Act for repairing the Road from Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry. 1100

xi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the London and Portsmouth Turnpike Road, between the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Milestones near Sheet Bridge, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Kirkby Stephen, in the County of Westmorland, into the Sedberg and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same Turnpike Road to Hawes in the North Riding of the County of York; and a new Branch from Hawes aforesaid to the Village of Gayle, in the Township of Hawes. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Stockton to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Winchester to the Town of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to Heanor, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the said County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Whiteburn, upon the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, passing through Thornydike and Westruther to Choicelee, upon the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick. 1101

xvii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Calder and Hebble Navigation to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Salterhebble Bridge to Bailey Hall, near to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and to amend the Act relating to the said Navigation. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal, in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors, to or near the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, in the Parish of Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xix. An Act for better lighting, cleansing, watching, paving and otherwise improving the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Oldswinford, in the County of Worcester; for regulating the Market and building a Market Place within and for the said Township; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

xx. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts relative to the paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Margate in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist in the County of Kent; for erecting certain Defences against the Sea for the Protection of the said Town; and for making further Improvements in and about the said Town and Parish. Page 1101

xxi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester. 1102

xxii. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road leading from Wigan and commencing at Clarinet on Brook, and passing over Amberswood Common through Hindley to a Place called Chequer Bent in Westhoughton, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cainscross through Stroud, over Rodborough and Minchinhampton Commons, to the Town of Minchinhampton, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the present Turnpike Road, between Maidstone and Wrotham, in the County of Kent, to Strood in the said County.

xxvi. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Hope Turnpike, in the Leominster and Hereford Road, to or near Burley Gate, in the Hereford and Bromyard Turnpike Road, and from thence to a Place called The Trumpet, in the Ledbury and Hereford Turnpike Road, all in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, to near New Houses, in the County of York, and other Roads in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making and maintaining several new Branches to communicate therewith. 1103

xxviii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Wooler to the Great North Turnpike Road, at or near to Adderstone Lane, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to repeal certain Parts of and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge, and the River Mersey near Weston Point, in the Township of Weston, in the County of Chester; and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Cromford Canal, at or near to Cromford, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, to the Peak Forest Canal, at or near to Whaley (otherwise Yardsley-cum-Whaley), in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to enable the Vauxhall Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Bridge. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Oundle, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for erecting a Chapel at Pelham Crescent, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle, in the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex. Page 1103

xxxiv. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough and Neighbourhood of Boston, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Glasgow Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1104

xxxvi. An Act to continue and render more effectual certain Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to advance Money, or lend Stock, upon the Security of Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold Estates. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wakefield, to join the Shepley Lane Head Turnpike Road in Denby Dale, in the Parish of Penistone, with certain Branches, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Gloucester Hotel in the Town of Brighthelmstone, through the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, and certain other Roads therein mentioned; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from Austy Cross, in the Parish of Cuckfield to West Grinsted; all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xl. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge; and from the West End of Wadebridge, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County. Ibid.

xli. An Act for maintaining and improving the Road from Deanburn, in the County of Haddington, through Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; with Branches from Carfrae Mill through Lauder, from Orange Lane to Swinton Mill, and from Coldstream to Mount Pleasant, all in the County of Berwick; and for maintaining the Bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream. 1105

xlii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Eccleshill to Bradford, in the County of York. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden and Northiam, to Taylor's Corner, in the Parish of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Corner, in the County of Sussex; and also a Piece of Road communicating with the said Road, called Whitebread Lane, in the said County. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brighouse in the Parish of Halifax, to Denholme Gate in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads passing through Princes Risborough, in the County of Buckingham, and communicating with Aylesbury and Great Marlow in the said County, and Thame in the County of Oxford. Page 1105

xlvi. An Act for repairing the Road from Kingston upon Thames to Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and maintaining the Road from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, through the Township of Worsley, to Moses Gate in the Township of Farnworth, and for making, repairing and improving other Roads to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1106

xlviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Barnsley, by way of Beaver Hole, to Cudworth Bridge, on the present Highway leading to the Town of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for amending, maintaining and improving the Roads from Bridgnorth to Cleobury North, and also through Litton Priors to the Brown Clee Hill, and from Cleobury Mortimer to several Places therein mentioned, and other Roads branching therefrom, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester. Ibid.

l. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Gravesend to Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Borough Green on the Turnpike Road leading from Wrotham Heath to Ightham, in the said County. Ibid.

li. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Ancoats Street, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to join a Diversion of the Manchester and Saltersbrook Road in Andershaw, in the Parish of Ashton under Line, in the said County, and Two Branches of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

lii. An Act for amending and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of the Town of Rotherham to the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the County of York. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repairing the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County. 1107

liv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Barony of Stonehaven in the County of Kincardine, and the Entrance thereto; and rendering more convenient and commodious the Streets and Avenues leading to the same. Ibid.

lv. An Act for making more effectual Provision for paying off and discharging the Debts and Expences incurred in taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint James, in the Town and County of Pooley and the Tower of the same Church. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lviii. An Act to provide for the perpetual Maintenance and Support of the Chapel of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, in the Town of Gosport, within the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton. Page 1107

lix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Don, near the Village of Balgownie or Polgownie, in the Parish of Old Machar and County of Aberdeen. Ibid.

lx. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at a Place called The Kerne, in the County of Hereford, and for making convenient Roads. Avenues and Approaches thereto. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, at or near Athlunkard, and for making Approaches thereto. 1108

lxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Northern Extremity of a certain Estate called Abertyswg, in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to join the Sirhowy Railway, at or near Pye Corner, in the Parish of Bassaleg, in the same County. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near a certain Slate Quarry called Gloddfarlon, in the Parish of Llandwrog, in the County of Carnarvon, to the Town and Port of Carnarvon, in the same County. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for completing and maintaining the East Country Dock at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and to enlarge the Powers of the said Act. Ibid.

lxv. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen; and for providing an additional Gaol for the said City and County; and to provide a safe and convenient Place for the Custody and Preservation of the Public Records of the said City and County; and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1126

lxvi. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and for lighting the said Town and Borough with Gas. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Township of Duckinfield, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for supplying with Water the said Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Township of Stockport, and the Township of Brinnington, and several other Townships adjoining thereto, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for extending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Minster Yard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, in York. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing; watching, watering and improving the Town and Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford. 1127

lxxii. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough, Town and Parish of Newbury, and the Tithing or Hamlet of Speenhamland, in the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks. Page 1127

lxxiii. An Act for watching and lighting the Townships or Vills of Hanley and Shelton, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and public Places within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the City of Bath. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the making of Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations for the Vessels frequenting Docks, Basins and Quays belonging to the Corporation there. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for lighting the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for amending and enlarging an Act of His late Majesty, for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the City of Norwich. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act to establish an additional Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the Town of Birmingham, and certain other Parishes and Places, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. 1128

lxxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and the Road branching from the said Road at or near a certain Place in the Lordship of Barkby, in the said County, called The Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milstone Lane, in the Town of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to Rochdale, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Trebarwith Sands on the Sea Shore to Condolden Bridge on the Road leading from Bossiney to Camelford, all in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Maryport, and from thence by Allonby to Wigton, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Cumberland. Page 1128

lxxxvi. An Act for amending, improving and maintaining the Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and the Branch of Road to Meltham Mills; all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1129

lxxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, and of making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbot and Brixham, Kingsweare and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and also between Torquay and Saint Mary Church, and the Bridge to be built over the River Teign at Shaldon, and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith; all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the Market Place in Cromford to the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and Two Branch Roads to Newhaven House and Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xc. An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Bawtrey, through the Town of Tinsley, to the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from Tavistoke to New Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon; and for making Diversions to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Bradshaw Brow, near the Town of Bolton le Moors, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bury and Blackburn Turnpike Road in the Township of Haslingden, in the same County, and Three Branches of Road communicating therewith. 1130

xciii. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and the Roads adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for repairing certain Roads from the Borough of New Woodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, through Amesbury, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of New Sarum, near Willoughby Hedge, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads leading out of the said Road. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Cork to the Town of Ballyhooly, on the River Blackwater. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from Leeds to Whitehall, near Halifax, and several Branch Roads therefrom, ail in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Sheffield, in the County of York, to the Marple Bridge Road, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and the Branch to Mortimer s Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, in the said County of Derby. Page 1131

xcix. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making and maintaining Roads from Demolish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, together with a Road from Southtown to Chudleigh, and certain Branches communicating with the same; all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

c. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

ci. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Greenhill Moor to Hernstone Lane Head Road, near Stony Middleton, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, and in the West Riding of the County of York; and for making an Extension and Branch of Road therefrom. Ibid.

cii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster,With a Branch to Toothill Lane, in the said Riding; and for making a new Road from Buck Stones to the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland, at or near to Barkisland School. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Meltham, in the Parish of Almondbury, to the Greenfield and Shepley Land Head Turnpike Road, near Wessenden Head, in the Township of Austonley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1132

civ. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or from near to a certain Place called Duffryn Llynvi, in the Parish of Llangonoyd, in the County of Glamorgan, to or near to a certain Bay called Pwll Cawl, otherwise Porth Cawl, in the Parish of Newton Nottage, in the same County; and for extending and improving the same Bay, by the Erection of a Pier and other suitable Works for that Purpose. Ibid.

cv. An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for collecting the Shaws Water, and applying the same to the driving Mills and Machinery, near the Town of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, and for supplying the said Town and Harbour thereof with Water. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for establishing additional Market Places in the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets and Communications therein, and otherwise improving the said City. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for amending and continuing several Acts for repairing Roads, in the County of Renfrew. Ibid.

cix. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Aberdeen and Elgin, and for building Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Dovern. Ibid.

cx. An Act to amend certain Acts for making and maintaining Roads, and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of Nairn, locally situate in the County of Ross. Page 1133

cxi. An Act to amend an Act for making certain Streets in the City of Glasgow; and for forming a Street from King Street to Stockwell Street, and from thence to Howard Street, in the said City. Ibid.

cxii. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money, to be paid by way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions contained in the several Acts for making the said Canal. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for improving the Haven of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works, in the Parish of Pembrey, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making a Canal and Railway from the said Harbour to the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal, in the said County. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the Harbour and Bridge of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for amending Three Acts for enlarging the Harbour of Glasgow, and improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the said City; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1134

cxviii. An Act for making Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, in and near to Saint Saviour s Dock, in the Parishes of Saint John Southwark, and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, to be called The South London Docks. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, for the Accommodation and better Security of Ships and other Vessels in the Coal and other Trades, in the Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of All Saints Poplar, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Sea Shore, at or near Whitstable, in the County of Kent, to or near to the City of Canterbury, in the said County. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, in the Parish of Saint George, in the Island of Portland, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for building Two Chapels in the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to repeal Two Acts, respectively of the Thirty second and Thirty sixth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Montgomery and Pool United District, and to provide new Powers and Regulations in lieu thereof. Page 1134

cxxiv. An Act for erecting an additional Bridge over the River Dee, in the City of Chester, for opening and making convenient Roads and Approaches thereto, and for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, within the said City, and for repairing the present Bridge over the River Dee. 1135

cxxv. An Act for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to amend Two Acts for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the City of York and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, within the said City; and for regulating the Police of the same respectively. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and regulating the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town and Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, in the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for regulating the Markets in the Town of Burslem, in the County of Stafford; and for lighting, regulating the Police and watching the said Town of Burslem, and the Vills of Longport, Cobridge, Sneyd Green, and Parts adjacent, in the Parish of Burslem. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for better paving and otherwise improving the Borough of Derby. 1136

cxxxiii. An Act for paving or flagging, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Leamington Priors, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets and Public Places which are or shall be made upon certain Grounds in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, commonly called Tothill Fields. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to establish a Market for the Sale of Butcher s Meat and other Articles, and to repair and amend certain Roads in the Town or Tithing of Bognor, in the County of Sussex, and for making a Road along the Sea Coast, and for otherwise improving the said Town or Tithing. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act to incorporate a Company for lighting with Gas the City of Rochester, and Towns of Chatham and Strood, in the County of Kent, and Parts adjacent thereto respectively. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for establishing a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Page 1136

cxxxviii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places within the Town of Beverley, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for removing the Markets held within the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; for providing a Market Place, in the said Town, and for regulating and maintaining the said Markets. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for regulating the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Barony of Gorbals, in the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark. 1137

cxli. An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Erection of Buildings and establishing Machinery for the Purpose of promoting and encouraging Manufactures in Ireland. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Birmingham to or near the Town of Pershore. 1157

cxliii. An Act for maintaining and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for repealing Two Acts for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Sparrow Pit Gate, in the County of Derby, and also an Act for making a Road from Banner Cross, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Fox House, in the County of Derby; and for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for repairing and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith. 1158

cxlvi. An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to the North east End of Attercliffe, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, towards the City of Gloucester, as lies within the Cheltenham District, and for opening new Communications with such Road. Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Voelas, in the said County, and from thence to Fynnon Eidda, in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and the several Branches and Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cl. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of York. Page 1158

cli. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and for making a Diversion of the said Roads from or near to Redbrook, in the Township of Barugh to Barnsley, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 1159

clii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through the Town of Hessle, to the East End of the Town of Ferriby, all in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for repairing, improving and keeping in repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head, to join the Barnsley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road, at or near Redbrook Plantation, in the Parish of Barton, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

clv. An Act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the same County, and a certain other Road in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for making a new Branch of Road from the Village of Long Compton aforesaid into the Turnpike Road leading from Long Compton Hill to Woodstock, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clvi. An Act for making and maintaining a public Carriage Road from Battle Bridge in the Parish of Saint Pancras to Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

clvii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from Knightsbridge to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching and watering the said Roads. 1160

clviii. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York. Ibid.

clix. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads in the same County. Ibid.

clx. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brompton and Earles Court, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to communicate with the Road called Fulham Fields Road at North End, in the same County; and for making another Turnpike Road to communicate therewith from the High Road from London to Fulham, in the said County. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for maintaining and improving the Roads leading through the Town of Shiffnal, and the Road leading from Oaken Gates to Weston, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Tarras Pill, in the Parish of Duloe, in the County of Cornwall, to or near Moors Water, in the Parish of Liskeard in the said County, and for making several Roads to communicate therewith. Page 1161

clxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Adur, at or near Binesbridge, in the Parish of West Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, to Baybridge, in the said Parish. Ibid.

clxv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for draining Lands within the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making certain Parts of the River Ancholme navigable. Ibid.

clxvi. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Stour and Sandwich Haven, from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; and for making and maintaining a new Haven from the said Town and Port of Sandwich to the Sea, and a Harbour on the Sea Shore. Ibid.

clxvii. An Act to facilitate Intercourse by Steam Navigation between the United Kingdom and the Continent and Islands of America and the West Indies. Ibid.

clxviii. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Moreton in Marsh, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to Shipston upon Stour, in the County of Worcester, and for making further Provisions touching the same. Ibid.

clxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, at or near Ryal, in the Parish of Uphall, to Whitburn and other Places, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanark. 1162

clxx. An Act for the more effectual Security of the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

clxxi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Oldham and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood with Water. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Limerick, in the County of the City of Limerick, with Water. Ibid.

clxxiii. An Act for providing a greater and more regular Supply of Water in the River called The Water of Leith, in the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

clxxiv. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the Town and Parish of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clxxv. An Act for the better ascertaining, charging and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County; for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor thereof, and for regulating the Nightly Watch thereof. Page 1162

clxxvi. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London; and for making Compensation to the Rector for the Time being in lieu thereof. Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surrey. 1163

clxxviii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Pavement of the City of Canterbury to improve and alter the Line of certain Streets, called Palace Street, The Borough of Staplegate and Northgate Street, from the Entrance into the Archbishop's Palace, in Palace Street, to Cold Harbour Lane, in Northgate Street aforesaid, within the said City of Canterbury, and the County of the same City, and the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxxix. An Act for the better regulating, paving, improving and managing the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and the Poor thereof. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the City of Londonderry. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The Arigna Iron and Coal Company." Ibid.

clxxxii. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose. Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for opening certain Streets, in the Burgh of Dundee, and otherwise improving the said Burgh. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Cirencester, and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Common Rights within the Parishes of Cirencester and Preston, and for making Drains through the said Parishes, and the Parish of Siddington, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Doncaster, through Hatfield, to Baln Croft Barn, near Thorne, with One Branch therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1164

clxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Felbrigg, Aylmerton, Metton, Sustead and Gresham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port and Harbour and Town of Liverpool, and for altering, extending and amending the several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty, for embanking, inclosing and draining Lands, in the Parish of Wainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments therein, and for preventing the same in future. Page 1164

cxc. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Glasgow and Parkhead Road to Woodend, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for making and maintaining the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Lanark. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Road leading from or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, by Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, in the County of Dumbarton. 1165

cxciii. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne, in the County of Fermanagh, to the River Blackwater, near the Village of Charlemont, in the County of Armagh. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, with Water. Ibid.

cxcv. An Act to enable the Rector, Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the East, in the City of London, to borrow Money for paying off certain debts of the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxcvi. An Act for better lighting, watching and improving the Borough and Township of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, and regulating the Police thereof. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act to enable the West India Company to sue in the Name or Names of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member or Members of the Company, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act to enable the Imperial Mining Company for Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company. Ibid.

cxcix. An Act for making and maintaining a Canal for Ships and other Vessels, to commence at or near Seaton Bay, in the County of Devon, and terminating in the Bristol Channel, at or near Stolford, or Bridgewater Bay, in the County of Somerset; with several collateral Branches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

cc. An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works, in the Parish of Sidmouth, in the County of Devon. 1166

cci. An Act to enable the Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, to reduce, alter, modify and regulate certain Dues called Town Dues and Mayors Dues, and for the charging and collecting thereof. Ibid.

ccii. An Act for enabling the Alliance Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Stock and Bradley, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester. Page 1167

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

3. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Commonable Lands called Southcot and Kepnal Down, within the Manor of Southcot and Kepnal, in the Parish of Pewsey, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement of Estates, in the County of Lancaster, settled upon Robert Robottom of Abram, in the said County, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue, to grant Leases of Coal Mines of such Estates. Ibid.

5. An Act for vesting in new Trustees, upon and subject to the subsisting Trust, certain Lifehold Estates in Brewood, in the County of Stafford, which were vested in the Reverend John Henry Powell Clerk, deceased. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parishes of Hockering and Morton, in the County of Norfolk. 1168

7. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dearham, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain stinted Pasture called Carsington Hill, in the Parish of Carsington, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Frampton Cotterell, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Garford, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

11. An Act for inclosing certain Commons or Moors and Waste Lands within the Manors of Becca and Abeford, in the Parish of Abeford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of Glooston and Cranoe, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

13. An Act to amend, explain and confirm an Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail,) for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett. 1169

14. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estate of Ruskie, and certain other entailed Lands of Sir Evan John Murray M'Gregor of M'Gregor, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed under the Conditions and Limitations contained in Deeds of Entail executed by the late Sir John McGregor Murray Baronet. Page 1169

15. An Act for vesting the Fee of certain Settled Estates, late of Ann Elizabeth Meyrick, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, upon Trust to complete Sales made and to be made thereof, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

16. An Act to enable the Honourable George Cadogan and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

17. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Henry Cadogan, Earl Cadogan, a Lunatic, to pull down a Mansion House, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the said Settled Estates, and to sell the Materials thereof; and to enable the Committee or Committees for the Time being of the Estate of the said Earl Cadogan, and the other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of the Site of the said Mansion House, and its Offices and Appurtenances, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

18. An Act for enabling the Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Chelsea, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Glebe Lands and Premises belonging to the said Rectory, and for other Purposes. 1170

19. An Act for exchanging Part of the Entailed Lands and Estate of the Right Honourable John Earl of Hopetoun, situated in the County of Linlithgow, in Scotland, for Part of the Entailed Lands and Estate of James Dundas Esquire of Dundas, also situated in the said County of Linlithgow. Ibid.

20. An Act for enabling the Trustees in the Will of Dorothy Clowes Widow, deceased, to grant Leases of Part of the Estates thereby devised, for building upon or improving the same. Ibid.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wilton, Burcomb, Netherhampton and Fugglestone Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

22. An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Cockerham, in the County of Lancaster. 1171

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty Lands in the Parish of West Ilsley, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Winterbourne in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing and reducing to a Stint, and improving certain uninclosed Commons and Waste Grounds and Fens, within the Manor and Parish of Orsett, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Hamlet of East Santon, otherwise Upper Santon, in the Parish of Appleby, in the County of Lincoln. Page 1172

27. An Act to enable Building Leases to be granted of Part of the Settled Estates of Jacob Earl of Radnor, in the Parish of Folkestone, and in the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and in the Parish of Cheriton, in the County of Kent, and in the Precinct of White Friars, and in the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West, in the City of London. Ibid.

28. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Dick Lauder Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Grange, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions. Ibid.

29. An Act for establishing certain Leases, granted by Sir Lawrence Vaughan Palk Baronet, of certain Parts of the Manor of Tormohun, otherwise Tormoham, otherwise Tormoone, otherwise Tormoun, in the County of Devon, Parcel of his Settled Estates, and for enabling him to grant Leases of other Parts of the said Manor; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

30. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Will of Alexander Caldcleugh Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Lands, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

31. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Hatton, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of William Davidson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to sell the same, and to apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Acquisition of other Estates to be settled upon the same Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail; for granting Power to feu certain other Lands comprised in the said Deed of Entail, and certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Muirhouse, which were entailed by the said William Davidson. Ibid.

32. An Act for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the Right Honourable George Simon, late Earl Harcourt, to grant a Building and Repairing Lease of Harcourt House and Grounds, in Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlesex. 1173

33. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the Entailed Estates of Charles Marquis of Queensberry in the County of Dumfries, and to sell such Part of the said Entailed Estates as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens. Ibid.

34. An Act to establish certain Leases granted by Henrietta Inge Widow and William Inge Esquire, both deceased, of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

35. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Knapp, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Mortgages and other Debts, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of his Widow, and his Infant Heir at Law. Ibid.

36. An Act for enabling Miss Mary Tate and others to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Lands and Premises, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in tile County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes. Page 1173

37. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Estates, in the County of Norfolk, between Wyrley Birch Esquire, and the Provost and College of Eton, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

38. An Act to enable John Cator, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Lands in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Essex and Hereford; and also for vesting in Trustees for Sale Part of the Estates in the said Counties devised by the Will of John Cator Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

39. An Act to enable the Trustees of Daniel Fowler Esquire, and Mary Ann his Wife, and their Children, to make Grants and Leases of Lands and Grounds in Camberwell Grove, Surrey, for the Purpose of having the same improved by Buildings, and to sell the reserved Rents and Reversion so as to produce a Fund to be held on the same Trusts as the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Annuities originally settled; and also to appoint a new Trustee in the Place of William Fowler Esquire, a Lunatic, and of Mr. Robert Green, who is desirous of being discharged from the Trust. 1174

40. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard Sclater Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

41. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of Matthew Markham, deceased, to contract for and grant Building Leases of his residuary Real Estates. Ibid.

42. An Act for confirming certain Partitions and Exchanges made by Anna Maria Bold, Peter Patten Bold, and Mary Princess Sapieha, deceased, with Bold Fleetwood Hesketh, and Robert Hesketh Esquires, deceased, and a Partition agreed upon by Henry Bold Hoghton Esquire, and Dorothea his Wife, with Peter Hesketh Esquire, of Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of North Meols, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

43. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly, deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter's Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts. Ibid.

44. An Act for modifying and extending the Purposes of certain Deeds of Settlement of John Leitch Esquire, deceased; and for establishing an Asylum for the Blind, in the City of Glasgow. Ibid.

45. An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty fifth, Forty fourth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon, and to appoint new Trustees, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 1175

46. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called The Hospital of Saint Thomas the Apostle, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands. Ibid.

47. An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury and his Successors, to grant Licences for building upon and improving the Copyholds within the Manors of Lambeth and Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and to grant Licences to demise such Copyholds for those Purposes, and to fix the Fines payable upon Admission to the same during limited Periods. Ibid.

48. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands. Ibid.

49. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Bridewell, and for enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned. Ibid.

50. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Masters, Guardians and Governors of the House and Hospital called Bethlem, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands, the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned. Ibid.

51. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of the Poor, commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital, near West Smithfield, London, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years for the Purposes herein mentioned. 1176

52. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of John Banks Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates. Ibid.

53. An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John Vernon Esquire, deceased, to complete the Sales of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised for the Purposes in the Act mentioned. Ibid.

54. An Act for vesting certain Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Cotton Saint John Baron Clinton and Saye, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses; and for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting certain Estates of the said Baron Clinton in Trustees for Sale. Page 1176

55. An Act to enable the most Honourable Henry Marquis of Waterford to grant Leases of certain Estates in the Counties of Waterford, Kilkenny, Tipperary and Londonderry, in Ireland^ devised by the Will of the late George De la Poer Marquis of Waterford, deceased. Ibid.

56. An Act for more effectually vesting the Estates of the Charity called Waddington Hospital, in the County of York, in the Trustees of the said Charity, and for enabling them to grant Leases of the said Estates for the Purposes of erecting or repairing Buildings, and also to sell Part of the said Estates, and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, and for enlarging the Power given by the Founder to appoint new Trustees of the said Charity. Ibid.

57. An Act for vesting the Manor, Rectory and Isle of Hayling, in the County of Southampton, Part of the Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk, in William Padwick the younger, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses and for other Purposes. 1177

58. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of the late Isaac Bristow, deceased, in Trustees for conveying the same to a Purchaser. Ibid.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Northolt, otherwise Northall, otherwise Northaw, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

60. An Act for naturalising John Francis Maubert.

61. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Baring Esquire, with Maria Matilda Baring his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

62. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sulivan Groeme Esquire, with Anne Groeme his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for naturalizing Edward Richard Benyon Esquire.

64. An Act for inclosing certain Waste Lands within the Parish of Clenchwharton, in the County of Norfolk.

[Exchanges of Lands held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, not to be made without Consent of Patron thereof or of the Ordinary of the Diocese, §25.]

65. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Doddington and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Doddington, and in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Parish of Coveney, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[Allotments to Rectors for Glebe Lands, §19. Proviso for Rights and Tithes of Rectors, §20. Rectors, with Consent of Bishop of the Diocese and Patron, may grant Leases, §26. Leases becoming void before Expiration of Term, Rector may grant a new Lease, §27. Exchanges not to be made without Consent of the Bishop and Patron, §31.]

66. An Act to enable James Wakeman Newport Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name and bear the Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, deceased.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain open and commonable Field, and Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Christchurch and Milton, in the County of Southampton.

68. An Act for inclosing Lands and extinguishing the Tithes within the Manor and Township of Scrayingham, in the County of York.

[Allotment to the Rector in lieu of Tithes, §23. Reservation of Mortuaries and Surplice Fees, §24. Rector's Allotments in lieu of Tithes, and Cattle Gates to be fenced, §25. Allotment of Residue, and how fenced, §26, 27. Rector, with Consent of His Majesty, as Patron, and Bishop of Diocese, may grant Leases, §33. Where Leases become void before Expiration of Term, Rector may grant a new Lease, §34. Exchanges herein mentioned not to be made without Consent of His Majesty and the Bishop, §35. Leases at Rack Rent, how and when to become void, §36.]

69. An Act for naturalizing Waynand John de Buck.

70. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of King George the Third, to enable the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, to vary the Benefaction of Doctor Blyth.

[3 G.3. c. 35. Pr. repealed. See 45 G. 3. c. 101.]

71. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Parsonage House, Out Offices and Curtilage thereto adjoining, belonging to the Rectory of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for applying the Purchase Money and granting Building Leases in Manner therein mentioned.

[Rector may, with Consent of Patrons, sell Parsonage House, &c. §1. Power to sell Part of the Glebe Land, if necessary, for building Parsonage House, §6. Rector may lease Part of the Glebe for Ninety nine Years, under Restrictions herein mentioned, §8. Renewed Leases may be granted by Rector, §9. Leases of Glebe to be binding on Rector, §19.]

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether Whitacre, in the County of Warwick.

[Allotment to Curate of Nether Whitacre for Right of Common in respect of his Glebe, §23. Allotment to Curate in lieu of his great and small Tithes in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and on the Commons, §24, 25. Tithe Allotments to be ringfenced, §26. How Annual Rents paid in lieu of Tithes, &c. ascertained, §48. Tithe Rents may be varied according to the Price of Wheat, §51. Proviso for Rights of Persons to Tithes for Lands in Kingsbury, §53. Allotments and Money Payments to be in Exoneration of Tithes, &c. §54. Rector with Consent of Bishop of Diocese and Patron may grant Leases, §55. Where Leases become void before Expiration of Term, Rector may grant a New Lease, §56. Lease granted by the present Curate not to be vacated §57.]

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Saltonstall Wiseman Baronet, with Katherine Wiseman his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Franklen Peter, with Jane Mary Margaret his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

75. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Henry Brandt.

76. An Act for naturalizing Henry Van Wart.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Maurice Crosbie Moore Esquire, with Diana Moore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act for naturalizing Julien Mathieu.

79. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of White Ladies Aston, in the County of Worcester.

80. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Augustus Sullivan, with Maria Holmes Sullivan his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII IV. Britanniarum Regis, Sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty first Day of April, Anno Domini 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Third Day of February 1825, being the Sixth Session of the Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five. (a)

[4th March 1825.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

[5,000,000l. arising from former Aids, to be applied for 1825. — 4,470,370l. pursuant to 3 G. 4. c. 51. and 4 G. 4. c. 22. — 60,000l. from the East India Company. — Money paid into the Exchequer, in respect of Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works, and also whatever Balance may remain in the Exchequer, or be paid by the Bank of England, pursuant to 56 G. 3. c. 97. Proviso, (if such Balance reduced to less than 100,000l.) for the Repayment to the Bank of so much of the Money advanced by them, as shall be equal to the Sum by which such Balance shall be less than 100,000l.]

a) [As to the Appropriation of these Sums, see Cap. 134. §3. post.]

2 C. 2, 3. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

CAP. II.

---

1 G.l. st.2

c. 13.

13 C. 2. st. 2.

c.l.

25 C. 2. c. 2.

30 C. 2. st.2. 8 G.l. c. 6.

Q G.2. C. 2G,

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions (a) by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand

" Treasury may raise 20,000,000l. by Exchequer Bills in like " Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c.l. — §1. The Clauses, &c. 44 in recited Act extended to this Act. § 2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. § 3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the Supplies for the next Session. § 4. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding S^d. per Cent. per Diem. § 5.

" Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 44 1826. — § 6. Bank of England m&y advance 15,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding the Act 5 & 6 W. M. 44 c. 20. — § 7.

(a) [As to the Appropriation of this Sum, see Cap. 134. § 3. post.'}

CAP. III.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those

WHEREAS divers Persons, who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majestys Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales,

and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well-governing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing the Dangers 'which may happen from Popish Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preserving the King s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament;

or according to another Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

eight hundred and twenty five.

[4th March 1825.]

Purposes respectively.

[9th March 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 3.

=Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter 6 Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing a further Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; or according to another Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; or according to another Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, and for amending so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; have, through Ignorance of the Law,

Absence or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance, and make and subscribe the Declaration required by Law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by ' the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing on account of which such Qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, and also received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England; or who, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths, Declarations and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed,

13 G.2 c. 20.

6 G.3. c. 53.

Persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths, &c. required by Law, and shall qualify on or before March 25,

1826, indemnified.

4

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C: 3.

in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or ought to have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation; and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, or to take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or Subscribing the said Declaration, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she or they were in before such Neglect or Omission and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves according to the above mentioned Acts and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declarations, and taken and subscribed the said Oath according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And Whereas several Persons well affected to His Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

5

C. 3.

and subscribing the Declaration, and from receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and delivering a Certificate thereof, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament

of Ireland, in the Second Year of the Reign of Pier late Majesty 6 Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons who persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act have omitted to mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the make and subsaid Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dis- ^nbethe charged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfei- b Cthe

ures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; jrjsb Act of and that no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be 2 Anne, and questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but shall qualify on that all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good or before and effectual, as if such Persons respectively had taken and sub- ig^s^mdem scribed the said Oath, and received the said Sacrament, and de- nified. livered the Certificate thereof, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time, Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said last recited Act, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

III. And Whereas several Persons have inadvertently, and ' without any corrupt or interested Motives, acted as Trustees in the Execution of divers Acts of Parliament, for the making or repairing of divers Turnpike Roads in England ', without being ' possessed of the Qualifications required respectively by the several Acts of Parliament under which such Persons were ' appointed or elected to be Trustees, and without having taken and subscribed the Oaths or Affirmations of their Qualifications required by such Acts respectively Be it further enacted, That Trustees of all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity men- Turnpike tioned in or inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the making or repairing of any Turnpike Road or Roads in England, cation,

by acting as Trustees in the Execution of any such Act or Acts indemnified. ' without being'possessed of the Qualifications required by any such Act or Acts respectively, or by neglecting to take and subscribe any Oath or Affirmation required to qualify them as such Trustees, according to any such Act or Acts respectively, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from all Incapacities,

Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred by reason of such acting or of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no Act, Matter or Thing, done by any of them'in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such acting, or of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid, but that all such Acts, Matters and Things shall be, and are hereby declared to be, as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Persons respectively had been duly qualified to act as such Trustees, and had taken and subscribed such Oaths or Affirmations at

Mol lo indemnify Persons against, whom final Judgment is given.

Mot to exempt Ju lives acting without legal Qualification.

Admission to Corporations may he stamped after Time allowed by Law.

C. 3. 6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

such Place and in such Manner as is required respectively by the several Acts under which such Persons shall have acted as Trustees as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the Oaths or Affirmations of Qualification required by the respective Act or Acts under which such Person or Persons shall act as a Trustee or Trustees, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said Acts respectively, before any such Person or Persons shall act as such Trustee or Trustees at any Time after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Law now in force.

VI. And Whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks and other public Officers, 'and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls or Records of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament are directed and required to be stamped., may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid Be it further enacted, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped; or in case where such Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties to be duly stamped; which such Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, without any Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to da

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 3, 4c

7

all other Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper: and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in Manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations or Borough Towns as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VII. Provided always, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle an}^ Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person; but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now, or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend certain Acts relating to unlawful Societies

in Ireland.

[9 th March 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, c W in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Election ' or Appointment of unlawful Assemblies, under Pretence of preparing or presenting public Petitions or other Addresses to His Majesty, or the Parliament, all Assemblies, Committees or other c Bodies of Men, elected, constituted or appointed to represent, c or assuming or exercising a Right or Authority to represent £ the People of Ireland, or any Number or Description of the

B 4 (People

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

Persons prosecuted may plead the Gene* ral Issue.

33 G.3. c. 29.

(i-)

8

C. 4.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182&.

Every Society or other Body of Persons acting for Redress of Grievances in Church or State, or for carrying on or defending Actions, &c. unduly renewing its Meeti ngs or otherwise acting as herein mentioned, collecting or receiving Money, declared unlawful.

Societies employing Committees, &c. of

People of the same, or the People of any Province, Countyv City, Town or other District within the same, under Pretence of petitioning for or in any other Manner procuring an Alteration of Matters established by Law in Church or State, save and except the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses elected to serve in Parliament, and the Houses of Convocation, duly summoned by the King's Writ, are declared and enacted to be unlawful5 Assemblies; and Provision is thereby made for the Dispersion of all such unlawful Assemblies, and for the Punishment of Persons acting or assisting in the Election or Appointment of such Assemblies: And Whereas it has been found that

Societies, Committees and other Bodies of Persons in Ireland\

without any previous Election or Appointment by the People,

£ or by any Number or Description thereof, may be so constituted that the Mischiefs intended to be provided against by the said Act may equally arise; and it is therefore expedient to extend the Provisions contained in the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Society, Committee, or other Body of Persons; now constituted or to be hereafter constituted in Ireland, assuming or in any Manner, or by any Means or Contrivance; exercising the Power of acting for the Purpose or under the Pretence of procuring the Redress of Grievances in Church or State, or the Alteration of any Matters by Law established ir* Church or State, or for the Purpose or under the Pretence of carrying on or assisting in the Prosecution or Defence of Causes, civil or criminal, which, or the Members thereof, or any of them, shall for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, continue or renew their Meetings or Proceedings, whether under the same or any different Name or Names, by Adjournment or otherwise, for a longer Time than Fourteen Days from their First Meeting, or which, or the Members thereof, or any of them, shall appoint, authorize, or employ any Committee or other select Body, or any President, Secretary, Delegate or other Officer, to act for them or under their Authority, unless such Appointment, Authority or Employment he limited to a Period not exceeding Fourteen Days from the First Meeting of such Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, or to report to them after the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid; or which, or the Members thereof, or any of them, shall appoint, authorize or employ any select Body or Bodies, or any Treasurer, Collector or any Person or Persons, to levy or receive, or which, or the Members thereof^ or any of them, shall receive when levied, any Money or Contributions from His Majesty's Subjects, or from any of them, or from any Number or Description of them, shall he deemed an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, and the Meetings thereof, or of any of the Members thereof, for the Purposes or under the Pretences aforesaid, or any of them, unlawful Assemblies.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Society, Committee or other Body of Persons in Ireland\ assuming, or in any Manner or by any Means or Contrivance exercising the Power of acting

for

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. L

9

for the Purposes or under the Pretences aforesaid, or any of them, which Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, or the Members thereof, or any of them, shall appoint, authorize, employ or make use of any Committee or other select Body, or any Member or Members of such Committee or other select Body, or any President, Secretary, Delegate, Agent or other Officer or Member theretofore, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next preceding, appointed, authorised, emploj^ed or used by any Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, which would have been an unlawful Combination and Confederacy if the Meetings or Proceedings thereof had been continued or renewed by Adjournment or otherwise, for a longer Term than Fourteen Days from its First Meeting, shall be deemed an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Meaning of this Act, and the Meetings thereof shall be unlawful Assemblies.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend ' and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act made in the i Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for preventing the ad-c ministering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland, certain Societies therein described are declared to be unlawful Combinations and ' Confederacies, and various Provisions are thereby made respecting the same: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the ' Provisions contained in the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, which shall be composed of different Divisions or Branches, or of different Parts, acting in any manner separate or distinct from each other, or of which any Part shall have any separate or distinct President, Secretary, Treasurer, Delegate or other Officer, elected or appointed by or for such Part, or to act as an Officer for such Part; and every Society, Committee or other Body of Persons which shall communicate or correspond, or whose Constitution shall contain any Provisions for Correspondence or Communication with any other Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, and every Society, Committee or other Body of Persons from which Persons of any Form of Religious Faith allowed or tolerated by Law shall be excluded, and every Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, the Members whereof are required to take any Oath, or to take any Declaration authorized or directed by any Act of Parliament, at any other Place, or on any other Occasion, or under any other Circumstances than as specified in such Act or Acts, and as required by Law, shall be deemed an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, and the Meetings thereof, or of any of the Members thereof, unlawful Assemblies.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required, within their respective Jurisdictions, to command all Meetings hereinbefore declared to be unlawful Assemblies, immediately to disperse; and if any such Meeting shall not thereupon immediately disperse, to apprehend all Persons offending in that behalf, and to demand Admission into any House, Outhouse or Office, where they shall respectively have good' Reason to believe, from Information on

Oath,

former Societies, declared unlawful.

4 G. 4. c. 87.

§ 1.

Every Society composed of separate Branches, corresponding with any other Society, excluding Persons of any Religion allowed by Law, or unduly requiring the taking Oaths, declared unlawful.

Two Justices may command unlawful Meetings to disperse.

C. 4.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

May enter by Force.

Becoming Members of unlawful Society, Misdemeanor, punishable by Fine and Imprisonment.

Proviso for Members of Societies becoming unlawful who are ignorant thereof.

Permitting Meetings in Houses.

First Offence.

Further Offence.

Proviso for Societies for Religious or Charitable Purposes, &c.

Proviso for Right of petitioning.

Oath, that such unlawful Assembly shall be, and if refused, to enter by Force.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who after the Commencement of this Act shall become a Member of any Society, Committee or other Body of Persons hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or shall act as a Member thereof; and every Person who, after the Commencement of this Act, shall directly or indirectly maintain Correspondence or Intercourse therewith, or with any Committee or other select Body, President, Treasurer, Secretary, Delegate or other Officer or Member thereof, as such; or who shall, by Contribution, Collection or Receipt of Money or otherwise, aid, abet or support any such Society, or any Committee or other Select Body, or any Officer or Member thereof as such, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and every Person convicted of any such Offence by due Course of Law, shall and may be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, as the Court before whom such Offender shall be tried, shall think lit.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thatwhere any Society, Committee or other Body of Persons shall become an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Meaning of this Act, by reason of any Matter or Thing done by its Members, or any of them, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, no Member thereof shall be deemed guilty of such Offence as aforesaid, or be subject to the Penalties herein contained, unless he shall act as a Member of such Society, Committee or other Body of Persons, after his knowledge of such Matter or Thing done, whereby such Society, Committee or other Body of Persons shall have so become an unlawful Combination and Confederacy as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit or suffer any Meeting of any Society, Committee or other Body of Persons hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, to be held in his or her House or Apartment, such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and shall, for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for such First Offence before any Two Justices of the Peace within their Jurisdiction, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, in breach of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to, or be construed to affect any Society formed and acting merely for the Purpose of Religious Worship, or for the due ordering thereof, according to any Form allowed or tolerated by Law; or to any Society formed and acting merely for Purposes of public or private Charity, Science, Agriculture, Manufactures or Commerce.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed in any Manner to prevent or impede the undoubted Right of His Majesty's Subjects to petition His Majesty, or both Houses or either House of Parliament, for the Redress of any public or private Grievance, or to assemble for that Purpose, or to prevent the Appointment of any Committee for the sole Purpose of preparing or forwarding any such Petition: Provided that such Committee shall not exceed the Number

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 4, 5.

11

ber of Twenty Persons, and shall not have Power to appoint any other Committee; and that such Assembly or Committee shall not have Continuance, by Adjournment or otherwise, for any Period exceeding Fourteen Days from the Time of such first Assembling or Appointment respectively; and shall not collect or receive any Money or Contribution from any of His Majesty's Subjects, other than such as may be necessary for the specific Purposes of preparing and transmitting to the King, or either House of Parliament, such Petition as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecution, Action Limitation of and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice Actions-

or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special matter in evidence General Issue, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Prosecution, Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Traverser or Traversers, or Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action after Appearance, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, which he or they shall and may recover, in such and Double Costs, in the same Manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered or amended by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and be of force from and after the Expiration of Ten Days from and after the passing thereof, and not sooner; and shall be and continue in force for two Years from the Day of passing this Act, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Continuance of Act.

CAP. V.

An Act for Punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1825.]

[This Act is the same and all the Schedules are also the same as 5 G.4. o.l3. except as to the Dates and as to the Sections and the Schedules that are here inserted.]

XCVIII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Ser- Enlistment of a jeant, Soldier or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and Militia Man knowingly enlist any Man to serve in His Majesty's Regular jnt0 the KeSu' Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, who at the Jf °j c°vold. Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in

the

C. 5. '

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Persons offering to enlist to be asked whether they belong to Militia.

Before Recruits are attested, Justice to read Notice in Schedule (D.D.) and examine whether they belong to Militia, &c.

Denying belonging to Militia on offering to enlist, or on being attested.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Reward for taking up Deserters.

Proviso.

the Militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and every Officer, Serjeant, Soldier or other Person to whom any Person shall offer himself to enlist in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, shall ask such Person whether he does or does not belong to the Militia; and every Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any Person shall be taken, for the Purpose of being attested under the Provisions of this Act, shall, before he shall attest or swear the Recruit, read or cause to be read to him the Notice contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.D.) and shall examine him as to whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall require the Recruit to sign a Declaration in the Form in the said Schedule; and in case any Militia Man, at the Time of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Person recruiting for Men to enlist and serve in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, that he is, at the Time of his offering so to enlist, a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or in case any Militia Man shall deny to the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate by or before whom he shall be taken to be sworn and attested, that he belongs to the Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offence was committed, or elsewhere in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness, or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation and the beforementioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted: Provided always, that every such Person shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise.

CXIX. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty's Service, be it further enacted, That in case of every Deserter apprehended in Great Britain or Ireland, the Secretary at War, upon receiving from the Justice of the Peace, or other Civil Magistrate by whom the Deserter shall have been committed, a Report stating the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured, which Report such Magistrate is hereby required to give, shall transmit to such Magistrate an Order upon some Regimental or District Paymaster or Paymasters of a Depot, for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Person or Persons so reported by the Magistrate: Provided always, that this Reward shall only be given

in

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 6.

is

in Cases in which the Secretary at War shall be satisfied that such Person or Persons is or are justly entitled to the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice of the Peace or his Clerk, for or in respect of any Information, Examination, Commitment or any such Report as aforesaid, in relation to any Deserter.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Justice's Certificate.

T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magistrate of ) do hereby certify, That appearing to be

Years old, Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

and stated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with ' Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Fourth, His Heii's and Successors, in the Regiment of commanded by

and did engage to serve for the Period of

[This Blank to he filled up by the Magistrate with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; hut if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to he added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Years, as the Case may he] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Services, and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any Case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven, or Ten, or Twelve] Years: And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule marked D. D. annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the

said a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed

with my Name.

Proviso.

H C. 5.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Justice's Certificate.

I

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magistrate of ) do

hereby certify, That appearing to be

Years old, Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand

eight hundred and, and stated himself to be of the

Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and

was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve his Majesty King George the Fourth, His Heirs and Successors, in the Regiment of commanded by until he should be legally discharged: And I

do hereby certif} ', That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule marked D. D. annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested,

and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of this

Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (F.)

rr. } T one His Majesty's Justices

0 W1 f of the Peace of certify, That

aged Years,

Feet Inches high, Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand

eight hundred and, and acknowledged that he had

voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve

either in His Majesty's Army or in the Forces of the Hast India Companjr, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule marked D.D. annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; and that he took the Oath of Allegiance prescribed by the Act of the 39 Geo. III. c. 109. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of

on being attested.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

15

C. 5.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

[or Chief Magistrate of ] do hereby certify, That appeared to be Years old, Feet

Inches high, Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of, and stated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no

Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound so as to prevent his enlisting, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of

[this Blank to be filled up by the Magistrate either until discharged or for Years, as in the preceding Form of Enlistment, *] and I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and the Notice contained in the Schedule marked D.D. annexed to the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and

that I have given to the said

a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name.

05

DESCRIPTION RETURN of

as a Deserter from the

SCHEDULE (N.)

committed to Confinement at Battalion of the

on the Regiment of

Day of

O

o

c§

FT

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of Desertion, and from whence. Name, Occupation, and Address of the Persons by whom apprehended. Particulars of the Evidence Upon which the Prisoner is committed. Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he is.a Deserter.

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he *

a Deserter from the before mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and address of Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

— ---- Signature of Informer.

Insert "is" or "is not," as the Case may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him fit for active Service.

— ---- — Signature of Surgeon.

If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for Military Service.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 5, 6

SCHEDULE D.D.

NOTICE.

NY Man who is enrolled in the Militia, and who, upon offering to enlist into the Army, denies that he belongs to the Militia, as liable upon Conviction before a Magistrate to be committed to Prison for Six Months, over and above any other Penalty or Punishment which he may thereby incur for obtaining Money on false Pretences.

DECLARATION OF THE RECRUIT.

J do hereby acknowledge that the above

Notice has been read over to me, and that I was strictly questioned by whether did or did

not belong to the Militia, and that I answered that I did not. I also hereby declare, that I did not then and do not now belong to the Militia.

Signed in my Presence

J Signature of the Recruit,

Justice of the Peace.

This Blank to be filled up by the Name of the Non-commissioned Officer *or Man who actually enlisted the Recruit.

CAP. VL

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March 1825.]

[This Act and the Schedules are the same as 5G.4. c, 14. except as to Dates and the Sections and Schedules that are here retained.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine c Forces should be employed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval

Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas

the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered or be ' on Shore, or sent to do Duty on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of His Majestjq not

being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, where they

will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of ' His Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Dis-

cipline be observed; and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty

6 Geo. IV. C fourth

Every Marine Officer, Non-

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

commissioned Officer and Private Man,

who shall mutiny or desert, &c.

or list in any other Regiment, &c.

or shall be found sleeping on or shall desert his Post, &c.

or shall strike or disobey his Superior Officer; shall suffer Death, or such Punishment as a Court-martial shall inflict.

Constables, &c. may apprehend Deserters, and carry them before a Justice;

C. 6.

fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Noncommissioned Officer or Private Man in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, and on the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majesty's Service, and being in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, shall begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majesty's Service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same; or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall list himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in his Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine, in which Case he shall be reputed a Deserter; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned on Shore in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be inflicted.

LIII. And Whereas several Marines, who being duly entered,

may afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service; ' It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of the Town or Place where any Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Head-borough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him

10 to

A.D. 1825.

6 GEO. IV.

0.6.

r§

to be brought before any Justice of the Peace Irving in or near ^uch Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, such Justice of the Peace shall, without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, with a Description of the Person of such Deserter, and the Name of the Division to which he may belong, to the End that he may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive such Subsistence-money for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, as shall from time to time be directed in that Behalf by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding4 Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, if they should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, during or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment in any Gaol or House of Correction or other public Prison.

and transmit aft Account to the Secretary of the Admiralty, &c.

Gaol Keeper to receive the Subsistence of Deserters.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

Form of Oath.

J do make Oath, That I am by Trade a

and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in the Parish of in the county of ; and that I have no

Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; and that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty^'s Navy or Royal Marines. As witness my Hand at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this Day oil

One thousand eight hundred and j

Witness present.

C. 2

20

C. 6.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Master's Oath.

T of do make

Oath, That I am by Trade a and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Seven Years; and

that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my

Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about

Years. Witness my Hand, at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of ]

One thousand eight hundred and

To wit.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Justice's Certificate.

J A.B. one of His Majesty's of the Peace of certify, That

of came before me at

on the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and and made

Oath that he was by Trade a and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Seven years; and that the said Apprentice did, on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent; and that to the best of his Knowledge and

Belief the said Apprentice is aged about

Years.

A.B.

SCHEDULE (D.)

To the [Churchwardens or Overseers] of the [Parish, Township,

or Place.]

Y^U are hereby required to pay to A.B.

[describe whether Non-commissioned Officer, &>c.-\ within named, on Furlough from the Day of to the

Day of signed by [Commanding Officer signing

the Furlough] the Sum of out of

any Money now in your Hands, or out of the first Money which shall come to your Hands in respect of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of per

Day from the Day of to the

Day of both inclusive; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant, and pass as such for your Repayment under the Marine Mutiny Act.

Witness my Hand the Day of

Justice of the Peace for

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 7. 21

CAP. VII.

An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases therein mentioned.

[23d March 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the 4G.4. c.ik Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for § 5 *

repealing certain of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, for reducing certain other of the said Duties, and for relieving Persons tvho have compounded for the same, several of the Duties of Assessed Taxes were wholly repealed, and others thereof were reduced to One Moiety: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal certain of the remaining Duties of Assessed Taxes now payable to His Majesty and to grant Relief in the Cases hereinafter mentioned;

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth On all Assess-Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in ments from that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town ^i^Scot25* of Bervoiclt-on-Tweed, and from and after the Twenty fourth Day jan(ifrom jyxay of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in that Part 24, 1825, the of Great Britain called Scotland, for and in respect of and upon following Du-all Assessments for any Year commencing from the respective ties, viz.

Days and Year last aforesaid, the several and respective Duties granted and now payable to His Majesty by an Act passed in the By 48 G. 3. Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George c. 55. Sched. the Third, and as set forth in the Schedule thereto annexed, (A*). marked (A.) (in the said first mentioned Act recited), for every ^Dwellin'^8 Dwelling House, with the Offices therein described, containing Houses with not more than Six Windows or Lights, and not worth the Rent not more than of Five Pounds by the Year and for every Dwelling House, Seven, with the Offices aforesaid, containing not more than Six Windows or Lights, and of the said Value of Five Pounds by the Year and for every such Dwelling House, with the Offices aforesaid, containing not more than Seven Windows or Lights; and also such of the Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound, granted on inhabited Dwelling Houses by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year aforesaid and the Schedule thereunto Sche(1 n annexed, marked (B.), as are now charged and chargeable, by inhabited' the Rules and Directions therein contained, for every inhabited Dwelling Dwelling House, with the Offices and Lands therein described, Houses under being under the Rent or Value of Ten Pounds by the Year and 1Qt- per An-also the several and respective Duties granted and pajmble to num *

His Majesty by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and described in the Schedule thereto annexed, Sched. (C.) marked (C.) No. 3.; and in another Act passed in the Fifty second No.3.

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and as set forth in the 52 G.3, c. 93. Schedule thereto also annexed, marked (C.) No. 3. (in the said Sched. (C.) first mentioned Act also described), so far as such last mentioned No.3.

Duties are severally charged or chargeable in respect of every Occasional Male Person employed as an occasional Waiter in any Tavern, Waiters in Coffee House, Inn or other House in the said Schedule mentioned, Taverns, private

C 3 for Houses, fyc. c.

2ST

Male Persons taking care of Race Horses;

Taxed Carts;

SO G.3. c. 104 No.2.

52 G.S. c. 93.

Sched. (D.) No.4.

Sched. (D.) No. 5.

Sched. (D.) No.G.

Coachmakers,

Sec.

Four wheel Carriages drawn by Ponies, Sec.

58 G.3. c. 17.

59 G.3. c. 13.

Mules carrying Ore, &e. Repealed.

Proviso for Houses becoming unoccupied; although not at Expiration of Occupier's Eease.

C. r, 6° GEO. IV. A.17. 1820L

for a Period of Six Calendar Months, and also for a lesser Period! than Six Calendar Months in any Year respectively; and for every such Person, not being a Servant, who has been or shall be employed as an occasional Waiter in any Privaie House, not less than Six Times within the Year and for every Male Person employed by any Stable Keeper for or in expectation of Profit, to take care of any Horse, Mare or Gelding kept for the Purposes of racing, running or training, as therein described; and also all1 and every the Duties on Taxed Carts granted to His Majesty by' an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the Schedule thereto, marked No. 2 .; and also by the said Act passed in the Fifty second Year aforesaid, and1 described and set forth in the Schedule thereto annexed, marked (D.) No. 4 .; and also all and every the Duties granted to His Majesty by the said Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years aforesaid, and by the same Schedule marked (D.j No>, 5. and payable by Coachmakers and Makers of other Carriages chargeable with Duty by the said Act, and on Carriages made, sold or repaired, as therein mentioned; and also the several Duties granted to His Majesty under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Acts, and made payable by the said Schedule marked (D.) No. 6. by Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission; and also the Duty granted to His Majesty on Carriages with Four Wheels, drawn by Ponies, Mules, Oxen or Asses, and made payable by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for charging J[certain Duties on Four wheeled Carnages constructed and drawn in the Manner therein described; and also the Duty granted to His Majesty by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, upon every Person keeping any Mule or Mules for the Purpose of carrying Ore, Slate or Stone, Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit, or for the Purposes of carrying Lime, Sea Sand, SeaWeed or other Manure, on the Backs of such Mules, as therein mentioned, shall severally and respectively cease and determine; and allAssessments for any Year commencing as aforesaid, so far as the same shall apply to or contain all or any of the Duties hereby repealed, shall be null and void.

II. And Whereas it is expedient to grant further Relief to ' Occupiers of Dwelling Houses, and to make Provision in the c Cases herein mentioned Be it further enacted, That where the Occupier or Tenant of any Dwelling House, Cottage or Tenement chargeable with Duty shall quit the same after an Assessment shall be made, and such Occupier shall give Notice thereof, on so quitting, to the Assessor, in the Manner directed by the said Acts, the Duty thereon shall be discharged by the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act, for the particular Quarter or Quarters of the Year of such Assessment during which it shall appear to the said Commissioners such House, Cottage or Tenement shall have continued for each entire Quarter wholly empty and unoccupied, and although any such quitting shall not have taken place on the actual Determination of the Lease or Demise by which such Occupier or Tenant held the Premises, in the Manner described by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year ' aforesaid :s

C. 7.

23

aforesaid: Provided also, that where any House, Cottage or Tenement shall not have been built or otherwise completed for Occupation at the Time of making the Assessments yearly, as directed by the said Acts, and the same shall, after the Expiration of the first or of any succeeding Quarter of the Year, become occupied during a Portion only of the Year of Assessment, such House, Cottage or Tenement shall, on Notice of the Commencement of Occupation, to be given by the Occupier in the Manner directed by the said Act, be assessed and charged with the said Duties for that Part only of the Year of Assessment during which such House, Cottage or Tenement shall be actually occupied, to wit, from the End of the Quarter of the Year preceding such Occupation; and when any Window or Windows shall be made, opened or restored in any Dwelling House, Cottage or Tenement, after the Commencement of each Year's Assessment, and Notice thereof shall be given as directed by the said Acts, the Assessments for the Windows or Lights in such House, Cottage or Tenement, shall be amended in respect of any such additional Window or Windows, and the Duty shall be charged and assessed for the full Number of Windows for the Remainder only of the Year commencing from the End of the Quarter of the Year preceding the Increase of such Window or Windows: Provided always, and in every Case of Default of Notice of the Commencement of Occupation, or of the Increase of Windows, as directed by the said Acts in the Cases herein mentioned, and also in every Case where any House, Cottage or Tenement shall become occupied, or the additional Window or Windows therein shall be made or restored within and before the Expiration of the First Quarter of the Year of Assessment, the Assessments or amended Assessments herein directed shall be made and payable for the whole of the Year within which such Occupation shall have commenced, or such additional Number of Window or Windows shall have been made or restored: Provided further, and where any additional Window or Windows shall be made, opened or restored, in any House, Cottage or Tenement containing at the Commencement of the Year of Assessment not more than Seven Windows or Lights, and thereby made free of Duty under the Directions of this Act, such House, Cottage or Tenement shall immediately thereupon become chargeable with Duty for and in respect of the full Number of Windows therein; and an Assessment shall in like Manner be made, and the Duties charged according to such full Number of Windows, and levied on the Occupier or Occupiers in respect thereof, for the whole of the Year in which any such additional Window or Windows shall be made, opened or restored; all which Assessments shall be made, amended, levied and collected by the like Rules as any Assessment to the said Duties is directed to be made, amended, levied and col-Icted under the Directions of the said Acts; any Thing in the said Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That any House or Tenement from which the Owner or Occupier shall have bona fide removed, and which shall be wholly unfurnished at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be deemed and taken to be unoccupied, and not liable to Assessment, although such House or Tenement shall or may be left or committed to the Care or Charge of a Person or

C d Servant

In what case Houses completed and occupied after Yearly Assessments to be assessed only for Portion of Year.

In what manner Increases by opening of Windows made.

In Default of Notice, Assessments made or amended for the whole Year.

In what case Assessments are to be made for the whole Year, according to the full Number of Windows chargeable with Duty.

An unfurnished House, bonA fide quitted, deemed an unoccupied House, though committed to a,

24

C. 7.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1826.

Person to take care thereof.

Proviso for Charge when such House becomes again occupied.

Exemption for One glazed Window in Dairy or Cheese Room of Farmhouse, by 57 G. 3. c. 25.

§ 4. extended to Two such Windows, in certain Cases,

48 G.3. c. 55. Schcd, (A.)

Duty on interior Windows deriving Light from exterior Windows, repealed.

Servant who shall or may have been placed and shall dwell therein solely for the Purpose of airing the same, and of preventing Depredation or Injury to the Premises during the Period of their being so unoccupied: Provided always, and every such House or Tenement shall afterwards and within the Year of Assessment, be liable to be brought into Charge for the Whole or a Portion of the Year and shall be assessed in the Manner directed by the said Acts, on the same coming into the Possession or Occupation of any other Person or Persons, according to the Rules and Provisions of the said Acts; and where any such House or Tenement shall become unoccupied in Manner aforesaid, at any Time after the Commencement of the Year and after an Assessment made thereon, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, on due Notice thereof by the Owner or Tenant, as in the other Cases hereinbefore provided, to discharge such Assessment for the entire Quarter or Quarters of the Year during which it shall appear to the said Commissioners such House or Tenement shall have so continued wholly unfurnished and unoccupied, save and except by a Person or Servant for the Purposes aforesaid; any Thing in the said Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exemption from Duty granted by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for One glazed Window in any Room used as a Dairy or Cheese Room in any Dwelling House being a Farm House, in the said Act described, shall and is hereby declared to extend, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, to any One such Window made with Glass in any Dairy, and to any One such like Window made with Glass in any Cheese Room, where such Rooms shall be distinct, and there shall be more than One Room used for such Purposes, or either of them, in any Farm House in the said Act described: Provided that the Exemption for more than Two such Windows shall not in any Case be claimed or allowed for any One Farm House; and the further Exemption hereby granted shall be claimed and allowed in the Manner directed by the said Act in the Case of One such glazed Window.

V. And Whereas the Rules for charging the Duties on Windows or Lights contained in the said Schedule marked (A.) to the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign annexed, extend to all Windows in the interior Parts of Dwelling Houses, and the Household and other Offices therein enumerated: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Rules as apply to the charging any interior Lights which wholly derive and give Light from exterior Windows or Lights charged to the said Duties; Be it further enacted, That upon all Assessments to be made for any Year commencing from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and every the Window or Windows in any Part of a Dwelling House, Tenement or Building, or of the Household and other Offices described in the said Act, which shall be an interior Window constructed so as wholly to derive and give Light from any other Window or Windows in the exterior Wall or Walls, or Outside of any such House, Tenement or Building, or Offices

aforesaid.

25

C. 7 *

aforesaid, or on the Roof or Roofs thereof respectively, such exterior Window or Windows being duly charged to the said Duties, shall not be deemed and taken to be a Window or Light chargeable with Duty; and so much of the Rules and Provisions in the said Act contained, as relate or extend to the assessing and charging any such interior Window or Light, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where the Whole or Part only of any Dwelling House, being a Farm House, divided or not divided into distinct Tenements, shall be occupied by any Labourer or Labourers, Servant or Servants, bona fide retained and employed in Affairs of Husbandry by the Occupier or Tenant of the Farm to which such Dwelling House shall belong, and no Part thereof shall be occupied by the Occupier or Tenant of the said Farm, or by any other Person or Persons (except as aforesaid), such Dwelling House, and the Landlord, Occupier or Tenant, shall, during the Continuance of the Occupation in manner aforesaid, be exempt from any Duty chargeable for such House by the said Acts: Provided that every such Exemption shall be duly claimed by the Occupier or Tenant of the Farm, and allowed in the Manner directed by the said Acts as in other Cases of Exemption from the said Duties.

VII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and of another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Exemptions from Duty 4- are provided for certain Houses, Tenements or Buildings occupied or used by Persons in Trade, or exercising Professions, Vocations or Callings in the Manner therein described, no Person inhabiting, dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only, and the Occupiers respectively having separate and distinct Places of Residence, as therein mentioned; and the said first mentioned Act also contains a Provision for authorizing the Occupier of certain of such Premises, namely, of any detached Mill or Place of Manufacture or Warehouse, not being Parcel of or attached to any other Dwelling House, to appoint anyone of his or her Servants named in a Licence to be granted by the respective Commissioners in the Manner therein authorized, to watch and guard such Premises in the Night time, without being liable to the said Duties: And Whereas it may be expedient, for the Protection of Property, to extend the Provision last mentioned to other Cases of Plouses, Tenements or Building within the Exemptions in the said Acts described, for the Purpose of watching and guarding the same in the Night time; Be it further enacted, That upon all Assessments of the said Duties, to be made for any Year commencing from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts, and of this Act, in their respective Districts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance and Request of any Occupier or Occupiers of any Flouse, Tenement or Building, for which Exemption from the said Duties is provided, and shall be duly claimed and allowed under the Provisions of the said Acts, to grant to any such Occupier or Occupiers a Licence in Writing, signed by any Three of such Commissioners, at a Meeting

A Farm House or Part thereof bon& fide occupied by the Labourers and Servants of the Farmer, exempt from Duty.

Proviso.

57 G.S. c. 25. § L

5 G.4. c. 44.

§4.

Houses or Tc-. nements, used only in the Day time for Trade, &c. may be watched and guarded by a Servant in the Night, free of Duty, a Licence having been obtained from the Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

26

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No higher or other Duties t be substituted for those repealed; Proviso.

Proviso for Persons assessed for Carriages with less than Four Wheels employing Persons herein described as a Groom, &c.

Victuallers employing Boys under 15.

Persons keeping Taxed Cart using Seats not fixed, &c.

Carriages with Three Wheels.

C. 7.

ing and in the Manner by the said first mentioned Act prescribed, authorizing such Occupier or Occupiers to appoint any One of his or her Servant or Servants named in such Licence to watch and guard such House, Tenement or Building in the Night time; and that the abiding of such licensed Servant therein, for the Purposes only of watching and guarding the same under such Licence, shall not render the Occupier thereof liable to the Duties by the said Acts granted, for the Year in which such Exemption shall be allowed, and such Licence shall be obtained; and which Licence shall not in any case extend to authorizing any Servant or Servants to be named therein, or any Part of his or her Family, to inhabit or dwell in any such House, Tenement or Building, as a Place of Residence; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall render any Person or Persons liable to a higher or other Duty of Assessed Taxes in lieu of the Duties hereby repealed, so far as the same apply to the particular Person or Article employed, kept or used; provided that the Employment or Use, and also the Construction of any Carriage, shall not exceed the Employment, Use or Construction respectively allowed under the Regulations of the said Acts or of this Act, and the Rules and Schedules therein, by which such Duties hereby repealed were granted and regulated; and the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, so far as the same apply to the Protection of Persons from further Assessment to any other Duty in lieu of the Duties thereby repealed (subject as therein mentioned), shall be extended and applied to the Duties hereby repealed, to all Intents as if the said Provisions were re-enacted by and made particularly applicable to the Provisions of this Act; and where any Person or Persons shall be chargeable with and duly assessed to the Duty for any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, and shall occasionally employ in the Capacity of Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stable any Person bona fide retained by him, her or them for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture or Trade, such Person or Persons shall not be charged with any Duty payable by the said Acts in any Year commencing from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, for a Male Person, by reason of such occasional Employment; and where any Person being a Victualler duly licensed to sell Ale or Beer shall employ any One Male Person under the Age of Fifteen Years to draw, carry out or deliver by Retail any Ale, Beer or Liquors, which any such Victualler shall be duly licensed to sell, such Victualler shall not be liable to any Duty chargeable by the said Acts for One such Male Person, by reason of such Employment; and any Person who shall have kept and used, or who shall keep and use any Carriage, built and constructed in every respect as a Taxed Cart, under the Rules and Regulations of the said Acts, shall not be liable to any other or higher Duty for such Carriage in lieu of the said Duty on Taxed Carts hereby repealed, although such Person shall or may have used, or shall use the same with the Seat of such Carriage not fixed, or with such Seat suspended by Slings or Braces; and any Person who shall have kept and used, or who shall keep and use any Carriage with

Three

27

C. 7.

Three Wheels, in every respect (other than in the Number of Wheels) built and constructed, and within the Description contained in the said Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for charging the Duty hereby repealed on Carriages with Four Wheels drawn by Ponies, Mules, Oxen or Asses, shall not be chargeable with any Duty for such Carriages with Three Wheels; and any Person or Persons occupying a Farm of less annual Value than Two hundred Pounds per Annum, and making aXivelihood principally thereby, shall be exempt from Duty for any Horses, Mares or Geldings bona fide kept and generally employed by such Person or Persons for the Purposes of Husbandry on such Farm, although such Plorses, Mares or Geldings, or any of them, shall be occasional^ let to Hire or used by such Person or Persons in drawing for Hire or Profit, in the Manner allowed by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Occupiers of Farms of the like annual Value, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, and from the Profits of such Letting and Use; any Thing in the said several Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Repeal by this Act of the said Duties on Coachmakers and on Makers of Carriages, and also on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, shall not in any Manner be construed or taken to exempt any or either of such Description of Persons from their several Liabilities to keep and make Entries for Inspection, in Books, of Carriages built or constructed in the Manner required by the said Acts, and to deliver Copies of Entries made in such Books to the Assessor or Assessors in the said Acts described, subject to the Penalties foi Default thereof, and relating thereto respectively, as provided and required by the several Acts in Force at the passing of this Act; and which Provisions, so far as the same apply to such Coachmakers, and Makers and Sellers of Carriages, are hereby declared to remain in full Force; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 X. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract of Composition now in force for any of the Duties of Assessed Taxes doth contain any Duty or Duties repealed, or for which Exemption is provided by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, in their respective Districts, and they are hereby authorized and required, to cause every such Contract, and the Assessments and Duplicates thereof or relating thereto, to be reduced in respect and to the Amount of any such Duty or Duties hereby repealed or exempted, with the Additional Duty payable thereon by virtue of such Contract; and every such Reduction shall commence and take effect from and after the Days herein directed for the Repeal of or Exemption from such Duties respectively; all which Reductions shall and may be made under the Rules and Provisions of the said first mentioned Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and of the several other Acts in that Behalf; and every such Contract so reduced shall be of the same Force and Effect for the Recovery and enforcing Payment of the reduced Instalments, to all Intents as if the full Amount of the Instalments compounded for continued payable on such Contracts.

Farme?*s under 200/. a Year, letting Horse* occasionally for Hire.

Repeal of Duties on Coachmakers not to exempt them from Liabilities herein mentioned under existing Acts.

Authority to Commissioners of Districts to reduce Contracts of Composition which contain any Duty hereby repealed.

Contracts to be in Force for Payment of reduced Instalments.

28

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Treasury may allow Compensation to Clerks of Commissioners, when Poundage found to be inadequate.

48 C. 3. c. 55. Sched. (G.) 52 G. 3. c. 93. Sched. (G.)

Exemption to Poor Persons for One Dog continued, notwithstanding Repeal of certain Duties on Dwelling Houses.

Proviso.

Powers granted

C. 7.

XI. And Whereas, by reason of the Repeal and Reduction of the said Duties of Assessed Taxes respectively, the Compensation by Poundage directed by the said Acts on the Amount of the Assessments of the remaining Duties to Persons acting as Clerks to the said Commissioners of certain Districts, may, in particular Cases, be inadequate to enable such Clerks to defray the Expences incurred by them in the Execution of their Duty under the said Acts Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, or the High Treasurer thereof for the Time being, to order and direct the Allowance and Discharge of such actual Expences, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessarily incurred by any such Clerk in the due Execution of the said Acts, where such Allowance shall appear to the said last mentioned Commissioners or High Treasurer reasonable and proper to be made, over and above the Allowance by Poundage made to any such Clerk for the particular Year of Assessment to which such Expences shall relate, under the Authority of the said Act; and the Certificate of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall be an Authority to the Receivers General respectively to pay such further Allowance.

XII. And Whereas by the said Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years aforesaid, and the Exemptions contained in Schedule (G.) thereof, any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the Regulations of the said Acts, and having One Dog and no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Plound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier, is exempted from the Duty for such Dog, to be allowed in the Manner by the said Acts prescribed: And Whereas, by reason of the Repeal by this Act of certain of the said Duties on Windows and inhabited Houses, Persons who would have been entitled to such Exemptions before the passing of this Act, may lose the Benefit thereof for One Dog, without further Provision for that Purpose Be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Certificate for Exemption on account of Poverty, obtained in the Manner by the said Acts directed, shall be duly made and delivered to the respective Commissioners, and shall be found and adjudged by them respectively to be sufficient for exempting any Person or Persons from any of the Duties in respect of his or her Dwelling House hereby repealed, if such Duties had continued payable, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon the Allowance of anjr such Certificate, to grant the said Exemption for One such Dog, to all Intents as if the said Duties in respect of the Dwelling Plouse of the Person seeking the Benefit of the said Exemption had been discharged from the Assessment under any such Certificate: Provided always, that a due Assessment shall be made for every such Dog, and that the Discharge thereof shall be made by the respective Commissioners on the Production and Allowance of the said Certificates, and in the Manner prescribed for granting Exemptions by the said Acts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers and

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 7, 8,

29

Provisions contained in this Act shall be carried and put into Execution by the several Commissioners, Assessors, Collectors, Inspectors, Surveyors and other Officers appointed and acting in the Execution of the said Acts in their respective Districts, and the several Powers, Rules and Provisions in the said Acts contained, in assessing, collecting, granting Exemptions from and enforcing, paying and accounting for the said Duties and Compositions (except so far as the same are herein varied, or for which other Provisions are made by this Act), shall be practised and put in Execution by such Commissioners and other Officers respective ^, to all Intents, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Authorities to enforce and recover the same, as if such Powers, Rules and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been expressly re-enacted and incorporated in and by this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[23d March 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled £ An Act for enabling Spiritual Pe?'sons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses, or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for £ others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their £ Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and ' Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices or Parsonage or £ Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands; and for purchasing and an-£ yiexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases; and for other £ Purposes: And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted,

£ That the Bishop shall, in Cases of Exchange and Purchase under £ the said Act, issue a Commission of Enquiry, for the Purposes £ therein mentioned, to be directed to such Persons as are therein £ described, and of whom One shall be a Barrister of Three Years '

standing at the least, to be named by the Senior Judge of Nisi £ Prius for the County in which the Benefice, Perpetual Curacy £ or Parochial Chapelry, whereto it shall be proposed to annex £ any Buildings or Land by Exchange or Purchase under the said Act shall be situate; but inasmuch as the Nomination of such £ Barrister by a Judge of Nisi Prius is not applicable to the Coun-£ ties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Exchange or Purchase shall be made, or proposed to be made, under the Authority of the said Act, in any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, situate within the said Counties Palatine of Lancaster or Durham, such

Barrister

to Commissioners and Officers under former Acts to extend to this Act.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

55 G.3. c. 147.

§ 16-

Chief Justice of C.P. for County Palatine of Lancaster or Durham to act

C. 8.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

in Cases of Exchange or Purchase under re_ cited Act.

Power to exchange Glebe Lands for others extended to any Number of Acres, subjectto 55 G. f>. c. 1 47. and 56 G.3. c. 52.

55 G.3. c. 147.

§ 6.

Exchanges may be made for Lands or Tenements that are Copyhold, and not held of a Manor belonging to the Benefice, &c .;

with Consent of Lord of Manor.

Barrister shall be named by the Chief Justice or Senior Judge for the Time being of the Court of Common Pleas for the said Counties Palatine respectively.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Incumbents of

Benefices, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries, should

be enabled to exchange the Glebe Lands belonging to their Benefices, Perpetual Curacies, or Parochial Chapelries, to a greater Amount than Thirty Statute Acres Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Power to exchange Glebe Lands for others of equal Value, which is given to Parsons, Vicars and other Incumbents by the above recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, be extended to any Number of Statute Acres, but subject to all the Provisions, Conditions and Restrictions contained in the above recited Act, and also to those in another Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament ffor enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

III. And Whereas, by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, the Powers of Exchange thereby given are limited to such Houses, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances and Lands, to be accepted and taken in Exchange by the Spiritual

Persons therein named, as are of Freehold Tenure, or Copyhold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any Manor belonging to the Benefice in respect of which any such Exchange is intended to be made: And Whereas it may happen that such Exchanges may sometimes be beneficially made where the Lands or Tenements so to be accepted and taken in Exchange are Copyhold of Inheritance, holden of some Manor not belonging to the Benefice in respect of which such Exchange is intended, and without Injury to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the Time being of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to grant and convey, in the Manner, and by and under the several Powers, Provisions, Conditions and Restrictions contained in the said Act, and in the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and in this Act, to any such Person or Persons, or Corporation, as in the said first mentioned Act are described, any such Lands or Tenements as are described in the same Act, belonging to his Benefice, in lieu of and in Exchange for any Lands or Tenements of the Description mentioned in the said first mentioned Act, as those which are thereby authorized to be accepted and taken in Exchange by any such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, although such last mentioned Lands or Tenements may be Copyhold of Inheritance holden of a Manor not belonging to such Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry: Provided always, that no such Exchange be made without the Consent of the Lord of the Manor of which the Lands to be taken in Exchange are holden:

Provided

C. 8, 9.

31

Provided always, that from and immediately after such Conveyance, the Lands or Tenements accepted and taken in Exchange by any such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, shall become and be of Freehold Tenure, and the Lands or Tenements by him granted and conveyed, and which before such Conveyance belonged to his Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall become Copyhold of the same Manor, and subject to the same Rents, Fines, Services, Customs and Manorial Rights and Properties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Lands or Tenements so to be accepted and taken in Exchange were subject to before the making of such Exchange: Provided always, that from and after the passing of this Act, Three Calendar Months' Notice shall be sufficient for the Purpose of any Exchange or Purchase, instead of Six Calendar Months, as by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty is required.

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions in England; and also for granting certain Duties on Sugar imported; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

[24th March 1825.]

\_This Act is the same as 5 G.4. c. 15. except as to the Title and as to the Dates and the Sections that are here retained.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary ' Supplies to defray your Majesty's Public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money note charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the several and respective sums of Money charged by virtue of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred 6 and ninety eight, on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain are, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, continued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or Employment of Profit, or any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, Profits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends or Yearly Payments in the said Act mentioned, should, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine be ascertained, raised, levied,

collected

Lands, Sec. so taken by Incumbent to become Freehold, Premises granted by him, Copyhold.

Notice of Exchange.

S8 G.S. c. 60.

S8 G. 3. c. 5.

32

C. 9.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Duties charged on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions by recited Acts, to be levied.

Sums charged on Personal Estates by 38 G.3. shall be imposed on Parishes, and raised on Estates, &c.

collected and paid, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose: And Whereas the Sums of Money and Duties last mentioned have been from time to time continued by divers Acts of Parliament, and are now in Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five Therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Sums of Money and Duties which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty^ by a Land Tax, and also the several Sums of Money and Duties which by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, were charged in respect of any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends or other Annual Pa}UTients, and which have been continued and are in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall be continued and raised, levied, collected and paid unto His present Majesty within the space of One Year from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall be ascertained, assessed and taxed in such Manner and Form as are hereinafter expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, have been or shall be charged on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Constable wicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, wherein the same have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places in England, Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places respectively, having any Estate in read}^ Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them in Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Trust for them (except and out of the Premises deducted such Sums as he, she or they do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate .b}' the respective Commissioners

appointed

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 9.

33

appointed by this Act; and also except the -Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stuff; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons), shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible by a Pound Rate; that is to say, by an equal Pound Rate for every One Hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One Hundred Pounds Worth of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, in England, Wales and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Four Quarterly Payments, the first Pajmient thereof to be made on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

III. And be it further enacted, That for and towards raising Offices and the several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons Employments in respect of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, all and ^cTshall^a* every Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and the Commissioners, having, using or exercising any Public Office or ed thereon. Employment of Profit in England, Wales or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Ma- 38 G.3. c. 5. jesty King George the Third, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes and other inferior Ministers, whatsoever (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muster Master General of His Majesty's Army, or in Pay m His Majesty's Army or Navy, in respect of such Offices only, excepted), shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, by virtue of the said last recited Act; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other Yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said last recited Act, and not being Annuities or Yearly Payments which, by any Act or Acts 6 Geo. IV. ' D of

34

C. 9.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commissioners of Land Tax appointed by 1&2 G. 3. c. 123. 3 G.4. c. 14. and G.4. c. 68. shall put this Act in Execution.

59 G. 3. C. 52.

of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be specially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids,) shall yield and pay unto ITis Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend or Yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied and collected in such Manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Benvick-upon-Ttveed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and by one other Act made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited; and by one other Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited, were named and appointed Commissioners for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, or any Act for amending the same, shall, together with such other Persons as shall be named by any Act or Acts which shall be passed in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports* Towns, Divisions and Places respective!}?-.

XXIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the severed Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and by Table (A.) to the said Act annexed, several Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV,

C. 9.

35

Britain were granted, to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and such last mentioned Duties have, by several subsequent Acts, been further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and will then expire: And 5G.4. c. 76.

4 Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

among other Things, for granting Duties on Sugar imported from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, certain Duties were granted and made payable on such Sugar until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and will then expire:

And Whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Duties of Customs in Ireland, certain Duties were granted and made payable on Sugar imported into Ireland; Be it enacted, That from and after the Duties on Twenty fifth Day of March One Thousand eight hundred and .Sugar imported twenty five, all Duties on the Importation of any Sugar into Ireland under the said last recited Act, and the Schedule (A.) thereto c .repealed annexed, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and shall The Duties on cease and determine; and that in lieu and instead of all the said Sugar herein several Duties on Sugar which will so expire, or are hereby re- specified shall pealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied and paid unto His be Pald* Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, upon all Sugar imported into any Part of the United Kingdom, the several Duties following; that is to say, for every Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar and of White Sugar Candy, the Sum of Eight Pounds Eight Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of Brown Sugar Candy, the Sum of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar or Clayed Sugar (not being Refined Sugar Or Sugar Candy), the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony, Plantation, Settlement or Territory within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Compan}^ the Sum of One Pound Seventeen Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other British Colonjr, Plantation, Settlement or Territory* the Sum of One Pound Seven Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other Place, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings: And that the said Duties on Sugar shall be levied, collected and paid as other Duties of Customs, and shall be applied in Manner directed by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided Monies paid and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His into the Exche- Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Register, in <3uer «nf|er this which all the Money that shall be paid into the said Exchequer arate"

for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted or continued from olher Pay-on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, ments. Pensions, Annuities and Stipends, and on Sugar, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the same from

D 2 time

36

C. 9, 10.

6J GEO. 1Y.

A.D. 1825.

Provisions of this Act for regulating the Collection of Duties to extend to all Duties continued and granted for the Service of any subsequent Year.

Directing a Sum to be raised by Commissioners of the Treasury, as by

48 G.3. c. 1.

time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, whenever and so often as all or any of the Duties which by this Act are continued and granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall, by any Act or Acts to be hereafter made and passed, be continued and granted for the Service of any subsequent Year, then and in any and every such Case, the several Clauses and Provisions in this present Act contained, for the regulating the Collection of all or any of the said Duties respectively, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Duties so to be granted or continued; and that the several Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained, which relate or refer to any Day or Time within, or during, or before, or after the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall extend and be construed to relate to the like Day and Times within, or during, or before, or after the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March for and during which all or any of the said Duties shall be respectively continued and granted by any such Act, in like Manner as by this Act is directed with reference to the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and as if the several Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained were repeated and re-enacted in any such Act to be hereafter made and passed for continuing and granting the said Duties or any of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole, including any Sum or Sums of Money issued towards the Aids or Supplies in pursuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

[As to the Appropriation of a£3,000,000 by Duties under this Act, see Cap. 134. §3.y>o«sA]

---

CAP. X.

An Act to facilitate the Proceedings before the Commissioners of Inquiry relating to Courts of Justice in Ireland.

[31st March 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty's Commissioners, appointed under the Great Seal of Ireland, in pursuance of an Address of the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, for inquiring into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts of Ireland

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 10. 37

---

should have the Power of compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and the Production of Evidence before them, for the £ more effectually carrying such Inquiry into Effect Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Inquiry from time to time, for the Time being, to send their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to attend and appear and be examined before any such Commissioners, and also for all such Accounts, Returns, Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents, in any way relating to the Matters and Things to be inquired of by such Commissioners, as shall by such Commissioners be deemed necessary for carrying into Execution the Inquiries authorized by any such Commission as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall be called upon or summoned by any such Precept of such Commissioners of Inquiry, shall, and they and he are and is hereby required and directed to attend such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, at such Time and Times, and Place and Places, as shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any of them, and such Commissioners or Commissioner are and is hereby authorized and empowered to examine any such Person or Persons upon Oath (or Affirmation in the case of Quakers); and such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any One of such Commissioners (Three or more being present), shall and may and are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer such Oath or Affirmation to any such Person or Persons respectively; and all and every such Persons and Person shall answer upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, to all Questions which shall be put to them by such Commissioners, or any of them, and shall also make and give such Accounts and Returns, and shall also produce all such Records, Accounts, Returns, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents whatever, as such Commissioners of Inquiry shall require to be made and given, or to be produced by any such Person or Persons, and as shall be in the Possession, Custody or Power of such Person or Persons respectively, and shall observe and execute all such Orders and Directions as such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, shall make or give for the Purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before such Commissioners of Inquiry for the Time being, or before any Three of them, shall wilfully* neglect or refuse to appear before such Commissioners, or any Three of them, or to make or give, or to bring or produce any Accounts or Returns, or any Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents relating to any Inquiry before such Commissioners, which shall be in the Possession, Custody or Power of such Person or Persons, and which such Person or Persons shall have been required by such Precept to make or give or produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers shall refuse to affirm,

D 3 or

Commissioners of Judicial Inquiry may, by their Precept, send for Persons, Books and Papers.

Persons summoned to attend andbeexamined on Oath, and produce Papers required.

Three Commissioners to be present.

Commissioners of Inquiry empowered to issue Warrants for apprehending and committing to Prison, Persons neglecting to attend, &c.

38

C. 10, 11, 12.

6^GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

or being sworn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to answer, or shall be found to prevaricate in any Answer to any Question or Questions put by such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any of them, touching, concerning or relating to any Matter or Thing which such Commissioners of Inquiry are or shall be authorized to inquire into, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for taking and apprehending and bringing before them any such Person or Persons; and if such Commissioners shall deem it necessary for the effectual Execution of any such Inquiry, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Three of them, by like Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit any such Person or Persons so brought or being before them to such Prison as the said Commissioners shall think fit, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit to be examined touching and concerning all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers given to such Commissioners, or to make such Productions of such Accounts, Returns, Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents as aforesaid, as the Case may require.

Giving false TV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

Evidence Per- shall, upon his, her or their Examination before any such Commis-Tl, y- sioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, wilfully and corruptly

give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force and effect Persons guilty of Perjury are subject and liable to.

CAP. XL

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[31st March 1825.]

[Act 54 G. 3. c. 137. as continued by 3G. 4. c. 29. and by 4G.4. c. 8. further continued to c25th July 1826, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to prolong the Time of the Commencement of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and to amend the said Act.

[31st March 1825.]

5G.4. c. 7-1. 4

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for ascertaining and establishing i Uniformity of Weights and Measures; and the Operation of ' certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Act contained is by ' the said Act directed to take place from and after the First

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 12.

39

Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and the Operation of certain other Clauses in the said Act contained is b}' the said Act directed to take place within Three Calendar Months, or within Six Calendar Months respectively next after the passing of the said Act; and it is by the said Act, among other Things, enacted, that the several Statutes, Ordinances and Acts, and Parts of the several Statutes, Ordinances and Acts, in the said recited Act mentioned and specified, so far as the same relate to the ascertaining or establishing any Standards of Weights and Measures, or to the establishing or recognising certain Differences between Weights and Measures of the same Denomination, shall, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, be repealed: And Whereas it hath been found that further Time is necessarily required before the said Act can be conveniently carried into Effect Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clauses in the said Act contained, the Operation whereof is by the said Act directed and appointed to commence and take effect from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall commence and take effect on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and not sooner; and that such Matters and Things as by the said Act are required to be done within Three Calendar Months or within Six Calendar Months respectively next after the passing of the said Act, shall and may be lawfully done at any Time before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months or Six Calendar Months respectively after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and that the several Statutes, Ordinances, and Acts, and Parts of Statutes, Ordinances and Acts, which by the said recited Act are repealed from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall remain and continue in force until the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and no longer, and shall, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be repealed to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six had been mentioned and specified in the said recited Act, instead of the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; the said recited Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing in the same contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by the above recited Act the Figure of the Standard Bushel Measure directed to be used for the Sale of Coals, Culm, Fish, Potatoes and Fruit, is fixed and determined:

And Whereas it is expedient that the Figure of all other Measures used for the Sale of Coals, and all other Goods and Things commonly sold by heaped Measure, should also be fixed and determined Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, all such Measures shall be made cylindrical, and the Diameter of such Measures shall be at the least double the Depth

D 4* thereof,

§ 23.

Recited Act not to take effect before Jan. 1, 1S26.

Time for doing Things thereby required.

The Statutes repealed by recited Act to continue till 1st Jan. 1826. and then to be repealed.

5 G.4. c. 74.

§ 9.

Figure of all other Measures determined.

40

C. 12, 13.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

From the Periods herein mentioned, Duties and Drawbacks on Wine, and Duties on Coffee and Hemp, repealed;

other Duties and Drawbacks specified in Table annexed.

Duties to be payable on Goods being taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

thereof, and the Height of the Cone or Heap shall be equal tc? Three fourths of the Depth of the said Measure, the Outside of the Measure being the Extremity or Base of such Cone.

[See Cap. 58. $ 1. post.']

CAP. XIII.

An Act to reduce the Duties on Wine, Coffee and Hemp, imported into the United Kingdom.

[31st March 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties payable on ' y t Wine and Coffee, and on rough and undressed Hemp,

imported into any Part of the United Kingdom, should be repealed; and that other and reduced Duties should be granted in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise upon any Wine imported into any Part of the United Kingdom; and that from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all Duties of Excise upon any Coffee imported into any Part of the United Kingdom; and from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all Duties of Customs on Hemp, rough or undressed, imported into any Part of the United Kingdom, granted or made payable under any Act or Acts in force in any Part of the United Kingdom immediately before the passing of this Act, shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Second Day of March, in lieu and instead of the Duties on Wine so repealed, and from and after the said Fifth Day of April, in lieu and instead of the Duties on Coffee, and from and after the said Fifth Day of July, on Hemp so repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Wine and Coffee, and upon all Hemp, rough or undressed, respectively, the several Duties of Customs, and that from and after the said Second Day of March> in lieu and instead of the Drawback upon Wine so repealed, there shall be allowed and made payable the several Drawbacks upon Wine, as the said Duties and Drawbacks are mentioned, specified, contained and set forth in the Schedule or Table to this Act annexed, and that the said Table shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act; and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, and shall be raised, levied, paid, collected, recovered and allowed in like manner as other Duties or Drawbacks of Customs may be raised, levied, paid, collected, recovered and allowed respectively.

[See Cap. 104. post.2

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act, and the Table thereto annexed, and no other, shall be payable on any Wine, Coffee or undressed Flemp, which shall or may have been, or shall or may be warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty upon the First Entry thereof, and which

shall

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 13.

shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been respectively so secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in the United Kingdom, at. any Time after the said Second Day of March, or Fifth Day of April, or Fifth Day of July, One thousand eight hundred and twenty five respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to repeal or in any way alter any Law of Excise in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, in respect of the Sale or Removal of Duty paid Wine or Coffee, or in respect of the Stocks of Wine or Coffee kept by the Dealers therein or Sellers thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to pay or cause to be paid to all and every licensed Dealers and Dealer in Foreign Wine in Great Britain, for every Gallon of Wine (reckoning Five reputed Quart Bottles to the Gallon for such as shall be in Bottles) for which all the Duties repealed by this Act shall have been paid, and which shall have been in the Stock, and shall have been the sole Property of any such Dealer or Dealers at any Time between the Twenty seventh Day of February and the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the following Allowances; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of French Wine, the Sum of Five Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Rhenish, German or Hungary Wine, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of any other Sort of Wine (not being the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Dependencies thereof), the Sum of Three Shillings and Seven Pence.

And that all such Allowances shall be paid out of any Monies arising from the Duties of Excise, upon such Proof of the Existence of such Stock, and such Property therein, and in such Manner and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall do or cause to be done any Act or Thing which shall be forbidden to be done, or shall neglect or omit to do any Act or Thing which shall be required to be done by such Restrictions and Regulations, or any of them, with Intent to deceive the Officers of the Revenue, and thereby to obtain any Allowance or Return of Duty granted, allowed or made payable by this Act, to which any Person would not be justly entitled under or according to such Restrictions and Regulations, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, mitigated and applied in like Manner as any other Penalty imposed under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to the Revenue of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain

41

Proviso as to Sale or Removal of Excise Duty paid Wine, &c.

Allowances to Dealers in Wine for Stock between Feb. 27, and March 12, 1825.

How such Allowances to be paid.

Unlawfully obtaining such Allowances, Penalty.

Duties paid into Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

42

C. 13.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Britain and Ireland respectively, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and shall be appropriated in like Manner and to the same Services as the Duties by this Act repealed would have been if this Act had not been passed.

Act maybe

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended,

altered, &c. this altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this pre-Session. sent Session of Parliament.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

A TABLE of Duties of Customs payable in British Currency on certain Goods imported into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from Foreign Parts, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on Exportation of certain of the said Goods, being in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

Wine; videlicet,

French Wine imported in a British Ship, the Gallon -French Wine imported in a Ship not British, the Gallon Wine the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof; videlicet,

Upon any such Wine imported directly from thence between the 2d Day of March 1825, and the 5th Day of January 1830,

- - - in a British Ship, the

Gallon

- - - in a Ship not British,

the Gallon And upon any such Wine after the said 5th Day of January 1830,

- - imported directly from

thence in a British Ship, the Gallon -

..... in a ship not

British, the Gallon -All Wine not otherwise enumerated or described,

- - - imported in a British Ship,

the Gallon

..... in a Ship not

British, the Gallon

Coffee; videlicet,

* ---- the Produce of any British

t

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. sS s. d.

0 6 0 0 6 0

0 6 6 0 6 0

o O O CM o

0 2 3 0 2 3

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 2 9 0 2 6

o o O O

0 4 o o

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 13, 14, 15.

43

1

Duty. Drawback.

Coffee — continued. Colony or Plantation in America, or of His Majesty's Dominions on the West Coast £ s. d. £ s. d.

of Africa, the lb. - from any Port or Place within the Limits of the East India 0 0 6

Company's Charter, the lb. 0 0 9

- of any other Country, the lb. Hemp; videlicet, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, not being the Produce of the British Plantations in America, nor of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, - imported in a British 0 1 3

built Ship, the cwt. - imported in a Ship 0 8 —

not British, the cwt. 0 5 10 —

CAP. XIV.

An Act for applying the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

[31st March 1825.]

\_For the Appropriation of this Sum, see Cap. 134. § 3. post.-\

CAP. XV.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, by establishing further Checks upon the Expenditure of Public Money for that Purpose, in certain Cases.

[31st March 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of 43 G. 3. c. 102. ' the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards the Expence of making an Inland c Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the same; and another Act was passed in the Forty

fourth

44

C. 15.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

44 G. 3. C. 62.

All Claims to be made on or before Feb. 1, 1826.

Proviso for subsequent Damage.

Notice.

A List of such Claims to be

fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal,

from the Pastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William in Scotland: And W7hereas the said Canal became navigable from Sea to Sea in the Month of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and has been in use from that Time, greatly to the public Advantage, and to the Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land in and near the Great Valley of Scotland between Inverness and Fort William: And Whereas large Sums have been paid to various Persons, by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, in Compensation for Lands and Tenements necessarily taken for the Purposes of the said Canal, and for Damages occasioned to Lands and Tenements by the making of the said Canal, whereby all or nearty all such Claims against the said Commissioners have been satisfied; but Whereas further Claims for Compensation in respect of consequential Damage have been made and ma)' be made, whereby it becomes necessary that a Time should be limited, within which it maybe expedient that all such Claims should be brought forward, and that Means should be provided for the Ascertainment thereof, different from those which have been provided by the said recited Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ilo Claim whatever, for or in respect of any Injury or Damage whatever, shall be available in any Manner against the said Commissioners, until Notice thereof shall be given in the Manner directed by this Act; that is to say, such Notice shall be in Writing, and shall be given to them, or to their Secretary at Westminster, on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and shall contain a particular Specification of every alleged Injury or Damage in respect of which Compensation shall be claimed, together with the Sum of Money claimed in respect of such Injury or Damage, which Notice shall be signed by the Person or Persons claiming such Compensation, whether on their own behalf, or on behalf of Infants, or other incapacitated Persons, or by the authorized Agent of such Persons, and shall have special Reference to this Act; and in case the same Person shall see cause to claim Compensation for Injuries or Damages of various Kinds, such Notice shall contain a distinct Specification of every such alleged Injury or Damage, and also the Sums respectively claimed in Compensation thereof: Provided always, that if an Injury or Damage shall, at any Time after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, arise by reason of any sudden or unforeseen Accident, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons suffering Injury thereby to claim Compensation for the same, provided Notice shall be given, containing a Specification in the Manner directed by this Act, within Three Calendar Months after the Accident by which such Injury shall have been sustained.

II. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred

and

C. 15.

45

and twenty six, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to lay before both Houses of Parliament a List and Copy of all such Notices as they shall have received, together with the Amount of the Sums respectively claimed in Compensation of the Injury or Damages therein specified.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, and any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims for Damages, shall not be able to agree upon the Sum or Sums to be paid in respect thereof, or upon such other Means as shall be accepted as a just Compensation for any alleged Injury or Damage claimed in the Manner directed by this Act, and it shall thereupon become necessary to have recourse to a Jury, in the Manner directed by the Second of the said recited Acts: Be it enacted, That in every such Case the Notice delivered pursuant to this Act shall be deemed and taken to be the Specification of every Injury and Damage in respect of which it shall be competent to make a Claim before such Jury, and also of the Amount of the Sum or Sums claimed in respect thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to be summoned or appointed, or to become a Juror upon any such Claim, who shall be interested directly or indirectly in the Subject Matter of any Damages claimed under this Act, or any Provision thereof; and in every Case where a Jury shall be summoned, Three peremptory Challenges, without any Cause of Objection being stated, shall be allowed to either Party; and upon any such peremptory Challenge being made, or upon any Objection or Cause stated, if the Sheriff' shall be satisfied thereof, he shall not suffer any Person so challenged or objected to to be or become a Juror on any such Claim whatever, but shall summon and appoint, instead of him, another Person to serve upon such Jury.

V. And be it further enacted, That before having recourse to a Jury, an Offer in Writing shall be made by the said Commissioners, specifying the Sum or Sums which they are willing to pay in Compensation of each and every Injury or Damage alleged and specified in the Notice given in the Manner directed by this Act; and in every Case where there shall be separate Heads of Claim, the Jury shall award a separate Sum for and in respect of every such Head of Claim; and if the Jury shall award no Sum in respect of any such Head of Claim, or if the Sum or Sums awarded by the Jury shall not in the Whole exceed the Total Sum which previously to the summoning of such Jury may have been offered on the Part of the said Commissioners in Compensation of the alleged Injury or Damage, then the Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be wholly borne and defrayed by the Party claiming Compensation; but if the Jury shall award the Total Sum claimed by such Party, then the said Expences shall be wholly borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners; and in case the Jury shall award a Sum or Sums greater than the Total Sum offered by the said Commissioners previously to the summoning of such Jury, but less than the Total Sum claimed in the Notice given in the Manner directed by this Act, then the Expence of summoning the Jurors, and recompensing them for their Expences and Trouble, and also of recording the Verdict

laid before Parliament.

If Parties go to a Jury, the Notice under this Act to be the Rule of Claim.

No Person interested to be a Juror.

Challenge.

Offer of Compensation first to be made by Commissioners,

Verdict to be for each separate Head of Claim.

Proviso as to Expence of Jury, and by whom to be paid.

46

C. 15, 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

r

Expences may be taxed by Auditor of Court of Session.

Proviso for depending Suits.

Recited Acts to remain in force, except as altered by this Act.

diet of the Jury, shall be borne and defrayed equally by the said Commissioners, and by the Party claiming Compensation for Injury or Damage; but all Expences of Law Agency, of Counsel, and of summoning, entertaining and recompensing Witnesses for their Expences and Trouble, shall in such Case be paid by the Party under whose Directions the same shall have been incurred.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons by whom all the Expences attending the Verdict of a Jury as aforesaid shall have become payable under this Act, shall conceive themselves to be aggrieved by the Decision of the Sheriff relative to any such Expences, as being unnecessary in their Nature, or unreasonable in their Amount, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons, to apply by Petition to either Division of the Court of Session, praying that the Account of such Expence may be remitted to the Auditor of the Court, to be revised and taxed as Accounts of Expences are taxed in that Court; and such Division is hereby directed to remit the same to the said Auditor, who is hereby required to revise and tax the same, and to make a Report to the Court, who shall deal with such Report in the same Manner as the Report of such Auditor would be dealt with in any Cause or Proceeding before such Division.

VII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not be deemed or taken to affect, but shall be without Prejudice to any Suit or Proceeding in any Court which shall be in dependance at the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Two recited Acts shall be and remain in force, excepting in so far as they are altered by this Act, and shall be construed therewith for the Purpose of giving effect to the same.

Cjfsic- 7

S4 & 35 H. 8. c. 4.

13 Eliz. c. 7.

1 Jac.l. c. 15.

21 Jac.l. c. 19.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

1 - f ' [2d May 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to simplify the Language thereof, and to consolidate the same, so amended and simplified, in one Act, and to make other Provisions respecting Bankrupts Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act against such Persons as clo make Bankrupt; and also an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act touching Orders for Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Twenty first. Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled For the further Description of a Bankrupt and Relief of Creditors, against such as shall become Bankrupts\

C. 16.

47

rupts, and for inflicting Corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some Special Cases; and also an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act declaratory concerning Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for repealing a Clause in the above mentioned Statute, passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King James the First, and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Cases of Partnership; and also an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts concerning Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the Title to which begins with the Words, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine, and concludes with the Words, and to make some f urther Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts, as relates to the Prevention of Frauds by Bankrupts, and to some further Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and also so much of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, as relates to Trustees in whose Names Stock shall be standing at the Bank becoming Bankrupt, and to Bankrupts refusing to transfer Stock standing in their own Right; and also an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to make perpetual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled 6 An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled 'An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent, ' and to prevent Delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought against Persons having Privilege of Parliament, as relates to the Execution of certain Bonds by Traders having Privilege of Parliament, and to the Disobedience by such Traders of Orders for Payment of Money; and also an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act

13 & 14 Car.2. c. 24.

10 Ann. c. 15.

7 G.l. c. 31.

5 G.2. c. 30.

19 G. 2. c. 32.

24 G. 2. c. 57, § 9, 10.

4 G. 3. c. 33.

36 G.3. c 90. in part.

37 G.3. c. 124.

45 G.3. c. 124.

§ 1.

46 G.3. c. 135. 49 G.3. c. 121.

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. l 825.

1 G.4. c. 115. in part.

3 G.4. c. 74.

3 G.4. c. 81.

5 G.4. c. 98. repealed.

— -What Persons deemed Traders liable to become Bankrupt.

56 G.3. c. 137. Act to alter and amend the Laws relatingdo Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled (An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of Elizabeth, the Fourth of George the First, the Fifth and Eighth of George the Second, as inf ids capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specif eel, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences, as relates to the Punishment of Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts under joint Commissions; and also another Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts; and also another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Bankrupt Laws, be hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That all Bankers, Brokers and Persons using the Trade or Profession of a Scrivener, receiving other Men's Monies or Estates into their Trust or Custody, and Persons insuring Ships or their Freight, or other Matters, against Perils of the Sea, Warehousemen, Wharfingers, Packers, Builders, Carpenters, Shipwrights, Victuallers, Keepers of Inns, Taverns, Hotels or Coffee Houses, Dyers, Printers, Bleachers, Fullers, Calenderers, Cattle or Sheep Salesmen, and all Persons using the Trade of Merchandize by way of Bargaining, Exchange, Bartering, Commission, Consignment or otherwise, in Gross or by Retail; and all Persons who, either for themselves, or as Agents or Factors for others, seek their Living by buying and selling, or by buying and letting for Hire, or by the Workmanship of Goods or Commodities, shall be. deemed Traders liable to become Bankrupt: What Persons Provided, that no Farmer, Grazier, common Labourer or Work-not liable. man for Hire, Receiver General of the Taxes, or Member of or Subscriber to any Incorporated, Commercial or Trading Companies established by Charter or Act of Parliament,. shall be deemed, as such, a Trader liable by virtue of this Act to become Bankrupt.

What Acts by JIT. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader shall depart ^eme^A^3 this -^ea^m> or being out of this Realm shall remain Abroad, or Bankru 3lcLtS of c^e Part from his Dwelling House, or otherwise absent himself, or f>H> ' 3GV> begin to keep his House, or suffer himself to be arrested for any ' Debt not due^ Or yield himself to Prison, or suffer himself to be outlawed, or procure himself to be arrested, or his Goods, Money or Chattels to be attached, sequestered or taken in Execution, or make or cause to be made, either within this Realm or elsewhere, any fraudulent Grant or Conveyance of any of his Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels, or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Surrender of any of his Copyhold Lands or Tenements, a or ma^e or cause to be made any fraudulent Gift, Delivery or

Transfer of any of his Grods or Chattels; every such Trader 0ing; suffering, procuring, executing, permitting, making or - causing

<*: ., 6^1i3Cri

u

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

49

causing to be made any of the Acts, Deeds or Matters aforesaid, with Intent to defeat or delay his Creditors, shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

IV. And be it enacted, That where any such Trader shall, after this Act shall have come into Effect, execute any Conveyance or Assignment, by Deed, to a Trustee or Trustees, of all his Estate and Effects for the Benefit of all the Creditors of such Trader, the Execution of such Deed shall not be deemed an Act of Bankruptcy, unless a Commission issue against such Trader within Six Calendar Months from the Execution thereof by such Trader: Provided that such Deed shall be executed by every such Trustee within Fifteen Days after the Execution thereof by the said Trader, and that the Execution by such Trader and by every such Trustee be attested by an Attorney or Solicitor; and that Notice be given within Two Months after the Execution thereof by such Trader, in case such Trader reside in London or within Forty Miles thereof, in the London Gazette, and also in Two London daily Newspapers; and in case such Trader does not reside within Forty Miles of London, then in the London Gazette, and also in One London daily Newspaper and One provincial Newspaper published near to such Trader's Residence; and such Notice shall contain the Date and Execution of such Deed, and the Name and Place of Abode respectively of every such Trustee and of such Attorney or Solicitor.

V. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader, having been arrested or committed to Prison for Debt, or on any Attachment for Nonpayment of Money, shall, upon such or any other Arrest or Commitment for Debt or Nonpayment of Money, or upon any Detention for Debt, lie in Prison for Twenty one Days, or having been arrested or committed to Prison for any other Cause, shall lie in Prison for Twenty one Days after any Detainer for Debt lodged against him, and not discharged, every such Trader shall be thereby deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy; or if any such Trader, having been arrested, committed or detained for Debt, shall escape out of Prison or Custody, every such Trader shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of such Arrest, Commitment or Detention: Provided, that if any such Trader shall be in Prison at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, such Trader shall not be deemecP to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy by lying in Prison, until he shall have lain in Prison for the Period of Two Months.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader shall file in the Office of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts a Declaration in Writing, signed by such Trader, and attested by an Attorney or Solicitor, that he is insolvent or unable to meet his Engagements, the said Secretary of Bankrupts or his Deputy shall sign a Memorandum that such Declaration hath been filed, which Memorandum shall be Authority for the Printer of the London Gazette to insert an Advertisement of such Declaration therein; and every such Declaration shall, after such Advertisement inserted as aforesaid, be an Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Trader at the Time when such Declaration was filed; but no Commission shall issue thereupon, unless it be sued out within

6 Geo. IV. E Two

Conveyance of all a Trader's Property not an Act of Bankruptcy, unless a Commission issue within Six Months.

Proviso as to the Execution;

and Notice in the Gazette and Newspapers.

Lying in Prison;

or escaping out of Prison; Acts of Bankruptcy.

Proviso as to lying in Prison at passing of

Act.

Declaration of Insolvency Act of Bankruptcy.

Advertisement to be inserted in Gazette.

When Commission must issue.

50

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

r

When Docket to be struck.

Gazette Evidence.

Concerted Declaration not to invalidate Commission.

Trader compounding with petitioning Creditor, an Act of Bankruptcy.

Commission may either be superseded or continued;

Creditor so compounding;

Penalty.

Traders having Privilege of Parliament.

Proceedings.

Such Trader not paying or compounding to Satisfaction of Creditor, and also entering an Appearance to Action within One Month, an Act of Bankruptcy.

U- -

Two Calendar Months next after the Insertion of such Advertisement, and unless such Advertisement shall have been inserted in the London Gazette within Eight Days after such Declaration was filed; and no Docket shall be struck upon such Act of Bankruptcy before the Expiration of Four Days next after Insertion of such Advertisement, in case such Commission is to be executed in London, or before the Expiration of Eight Days next after such Insertion, in case such Commission is to be executed in the Country; and the Gazette containing such Advertisement shall be evidence to be received of such Declaration having been filed.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Commission under which the Adjudication shall be grounded on the Act of Bankruptcy, being the filing of such Declaration, shall be deemed invalid by reason of such Declaration having been concerted or agreed upon between the Bankrupt and any Creditor or other Person.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader, liable by virtue of this Act to become Bankrupt, shall, after a Docket struck against him, pay to the Person or Persons who struck the same, or any of them, Money, or give or deliver to any such Person any Satisfaction or Security for his Debt, or any Part thereof, whereby such Person may receive more in the Pound in respect of his Debts than the other Creditors, such Payment, Gift, Delivery, Satisfaction or Security shall be an Act of Bankruptcy; and if any Commission shall have issued upon the Docket so struck as aforesaid, the Lord Chancellor may either declare such Commission to be valid, and direct the same to be proceeded in, or may order it to be superseded, and a new Commission may issue, and such Commission may be supported either by Proof of such last mentioned or of any other Act of Bankruptcy; and every Person so receiving such Money, Gift, Delivery, Satisfaction or Security as aforesaid, shall forfeit his whole Debt, and also repay or deliver up such Money, Gift, Satisfaction or Security as aforesaid, or the full Value thereof, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners acting under such original Commission, or any new Commission shall appoint for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Bankrupt.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament shall commit any of the aforesaid Acts of Bankruptcy, a Commission of Bankrupt may issue against him, and the Commissioners and all other Persons acting under such Commission, may proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts, but such Person shall not be subject to be arrested or imprisoned during the Time of such Privilege, except in Cases hereby made Felony.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Creditor or Creditors of any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament to such Amount as is hereinafter declared requisite to support a Commission, shall file an Affidavit or Affidavits in any Court of Record at Westminster, that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to him or them respectively, and that such Debtor, as he or they verily believe, is such Trader as aforesaid, and shall sue out of the same Court a Summons, or an original Bill and Summons against such Trader, and serve him with a Copy of such Summons, if such Trader shall not, within One Calendar Month after personal Service of

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

51

1

such Summons, pay, secure or compound for such Debt or Debts to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two sufficient Sureties, as any of the Judges of the Court out of which such Summons shall issue shall approve of, to pay such Sum as shall be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with such Costs as shall be given in the same, and within One Calendar Month next after personal Service of such Summons cause an Appearance or Appearances to be entered to such Action or Actions, in the proper Court or Courts in which the same shall have been brought, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy, from the Time of the Service of such Summons, and any Creditor or Creditors of such Trader to such Amount as aforesaid may sue out a Commission against him, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts.

Xf. And be it enacted, That if any Decree or Order shall have In what Case been pronounced in any Cause depending in any Court of Equity, Trfder having or any Order made in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy against Parliament any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament, ordering such disobeying Or-Trader to pay any Sum of Money, and such Trader shall disobey, derof Court the same having been duly served upon him, the Person or Persons of Equity, or in entitled to receive such Sum under such Decree or Order, or in- Bankruptcy or terested in enforcing the Payment thereof pursuant to such °j *

Decree or Order, may apply to the Court by which the same Money, an Act shall have been pronounced to fix a peremptory Da}-for the Pay- of Bankruptcy, ment of such Money, which shall accordingly be fixed by an Order for that Purpose; and if such Trader, being personally served with such last mentioned Order Eight Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Money, shall neglect to pay the same, he shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service thereof, and any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid may sue out a Commission against him, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts. / z, -,

XII. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall have ^Rowe^to-tfr^ Power, upon Petition made to him in Writing against any Trader t0hj"ue a having committed any Act of Bankruptcy, by any Creditor or Commission. Creditors of such Trader, by Commission under the Great Seal, to

appoint such Persons as to him shall seem fit, who shall by virtue of this Act and of such Commission, have full Power and Au- Powers of thority to take such Order and Direction with the Body of such Commissioners. Bankrupt as hereinafter mentioned, as also with all his Lands, Yy' 4 c j

Tenements and Hereditaments, both within this Realm and " / ,

Abroad, as well Copy or Customaryhold as Freehold, which he

* J ry Li

shall have in his own Right before he became Bankrupt, as also

with all such Interest in any such Lands, Tenements and Here- ' /

ditaments as such Bankrupt may lawfully depart with all, and with all his Money, Fees, Offices, Annuities, Goods, Chattels, Wares,

Merchandize and Debts, wheresoever they may be found or known, and to make Sale thereof in Manner hereinafter mentioned, or otherwise order the same for Satisfaction and Payment of the Creditors of the said Bankrupt.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the petitioning Creditor shall, Petitioning before any Commission be granted, make an Affidavit in Writing Creditor to before a Master Ordinary or Extraordinary in Chancery (which DebtTand

E 2 shall

\ v

C. 16.

8° GEO. IV. A.D. 182.5.

f\

52

give Bond to the Lord Chancellor.

Power to the Lord Chancellor to assign Bond.

As to Petitioning Creditor prosecuting at his own Costs.

Bills of Costs taxed by Commissioners.

Exception.

In what Case Creditor may have Bills taxed by a Master. Fee.

Amount of Petitioning Creditor's Debt.

Upon Debt payable at a future Time.

Joint Commissions against Partners,

shall be filed with the proper Officer), of the Truth of such his or their respective Debt or Debts; and shall likewise give Bond to the Lord Chancellor in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds to be conditioned for proving his or their Debt or Debts, as well before the Commissioners as upon any Trial at Law, in case the due issuing forth of the Commission be contested, and also for proving the Party to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of taking out such Commission, and to proceed on such Commission; but if such Debt or Debts shall not be really due, or if after such Commission taken out it be not proved that the Party had committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of the issuing of the Commission, and it shall also appear that such Commission was taken out fraudulently or maliciously, the Lord Chancellor shall and may, upon Petition of the Party or Parties against whom the Commission was so taken out, examine into the same, and order Satisfaction to be made to him or -them for the Damages by him -or them sustained, and for the better Recovery thereof, may assign such Bond or Bonds to the Party or Parties so petitioning, who may sue for the same in his and their Name or Names.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the petitioning Creditor or Creditors shall, at his or their own Costs, sue forth and prosecute the Commission until the Choice of Assignees; and the Commissioners shall, at the Meeting for such Choice, ascertain such Costs, and by Writing under their Hands direct the Assignees (who are hereby thereto required) to reimburse such Petitioning Creditor or Creditors such Costs out of the First Money that shall be got in under the Commission; and all Bills of Fees or Disbursements of any Solicitor or Attorney employed under any Commission for Business done after the Choice of Assignees, shall be settled by the Commissioners, except that so much of such Bills as contain any Charge respecting any Action at Law, or Suit in Equity, shall be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Business shall have been transacted, and the same, so settled, shall be paid by the Assignees to such Solicitor or Attorney. Provided that any Creditor who shall have proved to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, if he be dis-satisfied with such Settlement by the Commissioners, may have any such Costs and Bills settled by a Master in Chancery, who shall receive for such Settlement, and the Certificate thereof, Twenty Shillings, and no more.

XV. And be it enacted, That no such Commission shall be issued unless the single Debt of such Creditor, or of Two or more Persons being Partners, petitioning for the same, shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of Two Creditors-so petitioning shall amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of Three or more Creditors so petitioning shall amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards; and that every Person who has given Credit to any Trader upon valuable Consideration for an}' Sum payable at a certain Time, which Time shall not have arrived when such Trader committed an Act of Bankruptcy, may so petition or join in petitioning as aforesaid, whether he shall have any Security in Writing or otherwise for such Sum or not.

XVI. And be it enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors whose Debt or Debts is or are sufficient to entitle him or them to petition

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16. 53

for a Commission against all the Partners of any Firm, may petition for a Commission against One or more Partners of such Firm, and every Commission issued upon such Petition shall be valid although it does not include all the Partners of the Firm; and in every Commission against Two or more Persons it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to supersede such Commission as to One or more of such Persons, and the Validity of such Commission shall not be thereby affected as to any Person as to whom such Commission is not ordered to be superseded, nor shall any such Person's Certificate be thereby affected.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if after a Commission issued against Two or more Members of a Firm, any other Commission or Commissions shall be issued against any other Member or Members of such Finn, such other Commission or Commissions shall be directed to the Commissioners to whom the First Commission was directed, and immediately after the Adjudication under such other Commission or Commissions the Commissioners shall convey and assign all the Estate Real and Personal of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to the Assignees chosen in the First Commission; and after such Conveyance all separate Proceedings under such other Commission or Commissions shall be stayed, and such Commission or Commissions shall, without affecting the Validity of the First Commission, be annexed to and form Part of the same; provided that the Lord Chancellor may direct that such other Commission or Commissions be issued to an}' other Commissioners, or that such other Commission or Commissions shall proceed either separately or in conjunction with the First Commission.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if after Adjudication the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, or any of them, be found insufficient to support a Commission, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon the Application of any other Creditor or Creditors, having proved any Debt or Debts sufficient to support a Commission, provided such Debt or Debts has or have been incurred not anterior to the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, to order the said Commission to be proceeded in, and it shall by such Order be deemed valid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Commission shall be deemed invalid by reason of any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy prior to the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, or any of them: Provided there be a sufficient Act of Bankruptcy subsequent to such Debt or Debts.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct an auxiliary Commission to issue for Proof of Debts under Twenty Pounds, and for the Examination of Witnesses on Oath, or for either of such Purposes; and the Commissioners in every such Commission issued for the Examination of Witnesses shall possess the same Powers to compel the Attendance of and to examine Witnesses, and to enforce both Obedience to such Examination and the Production of Books, Deeds, Papers, Writings and other Documents, as are possessed by the Commissioners in any original Commission: Provided always, that all such Examinations of Witnesses under such Commissions shall be taken down in Writing and shall be annexed to and form Part of the original Commission.

E 3 XXI. And

and superseded as to One or more.

In Cases of a Second or other Commission being issued. Lord Chancellor may direct that such Commissions be proceeded in separately or in conjunction.

Proceeding in case Petitioning Creditor's Debt be insufficient to support Commission.

Commission no t invalid by prior Act of Bankruptcy. Proviso.

Auxiliary Commissions for Proof of Debts under 20/. &c.

Proceedings.

54

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commissioners '

Oath.

How to be administered.

Memorial.

Commissioners' Fees;

and in Country Commissions.

Commissioners in Country Commissions being Barristers, entitled to Preference.

Commissioners may summon Persons to give Evidence of Trading and Act of Bankruptcy, and to produce Books, &c.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Commissioner shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act (except the Power hereby given of administering the Oath next hereinafter mentioned) until he shall have taken an Oath in the Presence of One or more of the said Commissioners, to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner in a Commission of Bankruptcy against and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice

or Malice. So help me GOD/

Which Oath the Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer one to another in the same Commission named; and they shall enter and keep a Memorial or Memorials thereof, signed by them respectively, among the Proceedings under each Commission.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall receive and be paid the Fee of Twenty Shillings each Commissioner for every Meeting, and the like Sum for every Deed of Conveyance executed by them, and for the Signature of the Bankrupt's Certificate; and where any Commission shall be executed in the Country, every Commissioner, being a Barrister at Law, shall receive a further Fee of Twenty Shillings for each Meeting; and in case the usual Place of Residence of such Commissioner, being a Barrister, is distant Seven Miles or upwards from the Place where such Meetings are holden, and he shall travel such Distance to any such Meeting, he may receive a further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Meeting; and every Commissioner who shall receive from the Creditors, or out of the Estate of the Bankrupt, any further Sum than as aforesaid, or who shall eat or drink at the Charge of the Creditors, or out of the Estate of the Bankrupt, or order any such Expence to be made, shall be disabled for ever from acting in such or any other Commission.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That at every Meeting under any Commission to be executed in the Country, wherein any One or more of the Commissioners named may be a Barrister or Barristers, such Barrister or Barristers, or as many of them as shall be willing to attend, not exceeding Three at each Meeting, shall be the acting Commissioner or Commissioners, and shall be entitled to his or their Summonses and Fees accordingly, in Priority to any of the other Commissioners in the said Commission named.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, after they shall have taken such Oath as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands, to summon before them any Person whom they shall believe capable of giving any Information concerning the Trading of or any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission is issued, and also to require any Person so summoned to pro duce any Books, Papers, Deeds and Writings, and other Documents in the Custody, Possession or Power of such Person,

which

A.D. 1825.

6 GEO. IV. C. 16.

55

which may appear to the said Commissioners to be necessary to establish such Trading or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine any such Person upon Oath, by Word of Mouth or Interrogatories in Writing, concerning the Trade of or any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall have issued; and every such Person so summoned shall incur such Danger or Penalty for not coming before the Commissioners, or for refusing to be sworn and examined, or for not fully answering to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or for refusing to sign or subscribe his Examination, or for refusing to produce or for not producing any such Book, Paper, Deed, Writing or Document, as is hereby provided as to Persons summoned after the Adjudication of Bankruptcy; and the Commissioners, upon Proof made before them of the Petitioning Creditors Adjudication. Debt or Debts, and of the Trading and Act or Acts of Bankruptcy of the Person or Persons against whom such Commission is issued, shall thereupon adjudge such Person or Persons Bankrupt.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners, after they Commissioners have so adjudged as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause Notice of to appoint Meet-such Adjudication to be given in the London Gazette, and shall ings* thereby appoint Three Public Meetings for the Bankrupt to sur- Notice* render and conform, the last of which Meetings shall be on the

Forty second Day hereby limited for such Surrender.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Commission shall abate by Abatement of reason of a Demise of the Crown, and (if by reason of the Death Commissions-of Commissioners, or for any other Cause, it become necessary)

any Commission may be renewed, but only Half the Fees usually Half Fees on paid upon obtaining Commissions shall be paid for the same; and renewal. if any Bankrupt shall die after Adjudication, the Commissioners may proceed in the Commission as they might have done if he were living.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Messenger may Person appointed by the Commissioners, by their Warrant under *jLrea£ °Pef their Hands and Seals, to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Hous^&c* and Warehouse, Door, Trunk or Chest of any Bankrupt, where such seize. Bankrupt or any of his Property shall be reputed to be, and seize

upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt; and if the Bankrupt be in Prison or in Custody, it shall be lawful for the Person so appointed as aforesaid to seize any Property (his necessary Wearing Apparel only excepted) in the Custody or Possession of such Bankrupt, or of any other Person, in any Prison or Place where such Bankrupt is in Custody.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Per- And may break

son so appointed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, to break open open House and any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk or Chest m

of such Bankrupt in Ireland, where any of the Property of such

Bankrupt shall be reputed to be, and seize the same: Provided How Warrant such Warrant as aforesaid shall have been verified upon Oath, to be verified, by the Attorney or Solicitor suing out the Commission, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the City, Borough or Town Corporate where or near to which the said Commission is executed, and verified under the Common Seal thereof, or the

E 4 Seal

56

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Oath of Iden- Seal of the Office of such Mayor or other Magistrate; and pro-tity by Mes- vided also, that the Person thereby appointed shall, before a Jus-& tice of Peace residing in the County where such Property shall

be reputed to be, depose upon Oath that he is the Person named in such Warrant.

Messenger may obtain Search Warrant, where Property of Bankrupt suspected to be concealed.

Proceedings on Execution of such Warrant in Scotland.

House, &e. may be broken open.

In what case only Actions may be brought against Persons acting in obedience to Warrant of Commissioners.

Vierdict given notwithstanding defect of Jurisdiction of Commissioners,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of any Justice of Peace in England or Ireland, that there is reason to suspect and believe that Property of the Bankrupt is concealed in any House, Premises or other Place not belonging to such Bankrupt, such Justice of Peace is hereby directed and authorized to grant a Search Warrant to the Person so deputed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for such Person to execute the same in like Manner, and such Person shall be entitled to the same Protection as is allowed by Law in Execution of a Search Warrant for Property reputed to be stolen and concealed.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if in the Execution of any Warrant of Seizure so granted by the Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall be necessary to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk or Chest of such Bankrupt in Scotland, where any of the Property of such Bankrupt shall be reputed to be, or to seize and get Possession of such Property; such Warrant, after having been verified upon Oath as aforesaid, may be backed or indorsed with the Name of a Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Peace in Scotland, who are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, to back or indorse the same; and such Warrant so indorsed shall be sufficient Authority to the Person bringing such Warrant, and to all Officers of the Law in Scotland, to execute the same within the County or Burgh wherein it is so indorsed, and in virtue thereof to break open the House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk or Chest of such Bankrupt, and to seize and take Possession of such Property, to be distributed under the said Commission, or otherwise dealt with according to Law.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person so appointed by the Commissioners for any Thing done in obedience to their Warrant prior to the Choice of Assignees, unless Demand of the Perusal and Copy of such Warrant hath been made or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons by the Party or Parties intending to bring such Action, or by his or their Attorney or Agent, in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties demanding the same, and unless the same hath been refused or neglected for Six Days after such Demand; and if after such Demand and Compliance therewith any Action be brought against the Person so appointed as aforesaid, without making the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors Defendant or Defendants, if living, on producing and proving such Warrant at the Trial of such Action, the Jury shall give their Verdict for the Defendant, notwithstanding any Defect of Jurisdiction in the Commissioners; and if such Action be brought against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors and the Person so appointed as aforesaid, the Jury shall, on Proof of such Warrant, give their Verdict for the Person so appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Defect of Jurisdiction as aforesaid; and

if

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

57

if the Verdict shall be given against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his or their Costs against him or them, to be taxed so as to include such Costs as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs are liable to pay to the Person 60 appointed as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in any such Action so brought as aforesaid against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, either alone or jointly with the Person so appointed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, for any Thing done in obedience to their Warrant, Proof by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action that the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, are Petitioning Creditors, shall be sufficient for the Purpose of making such Defendant or Defendants liable, in the same Manner, and to the same Extent, as if the Act complained of in such Action had been done or committed by such Defendant or Defendants.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That after Adjudication it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to summon before them any Person known or suspected to have any of the Estate of the Bankrupt in his Possession, or who is supposed to be indebted to the Bankrupt, or any Person whom the Commissioners believe capable of giving Information concerning the Person, Trade, Dealings or Estate of such Bankrupt, or concerning any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by him, or any Information material to the full Disclosure of the Dealings of the Bankrupt; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require such Person to produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or other Documents in his Custody or Power, which may appear to the Commissioners necessary to the Verification of the Deposition of such Person, or to the full Disclosure of any of the Matters which the Commissioners are authorized to inquire into; and if such Person so summoned as aforesaid shall not come before the Commissioners at the Time appointed, having no lawful Impediment (made known to the said Commissioners at the Time of their Meeting, and allowed by them), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and direct the Person or Persons therein named for that Purpose, to apprehend and arrest such Person, and bring him before them to be examined as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That upon the Appearance of any Person so summoned or brought before the Commissioners as aforesaid, or if any Person be present at any Meeting of the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them to examine every such Person upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in Writing, concerning the Person, Trade, Dealings or Estate of such Bankrupt, or concerning any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy b}r such Bankrupt committed, and to reduce into Writing the Answers of every such Person, and such Answers so reduced into Writing the Party examined is hereby required to sign and subscribe; and if any such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or shall refuse to answer any lawful Questions put to him by the said Commissioners touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or shall not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners any such lawful Questions, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his Examination so reduced into Writing as aforesaid

(not

Costs.

Proof in such Actions that Defendants are Petitioning Creditors renders them liable.

Commissioners may summon Persons suspected of having Bankrupt's Property in their Hands, or indebted, &c .; and compel them to produce Books, &c.

Proceedings on Disobedience.

Commissioners may examine Persons summoned, or present at any Meeting.

Persons improperly refusing to be sworn, or to answer, or not fully answering, or refusing to sign Examin-

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ation, or to produce Books, &c. may be committed.

f Sic.

Costs to Persons summoned.

Expences tendered to Witnesses.

Commissioners may summon Bankrupt;

and examine him.

Bankrupt refusing to be sworn or answer, or not fully answering, or to sign his Examination, may be committed.

(not having any lawful Objection allowed by the said Commissioners), or shall not produce any Books, Papers, Deeds and Writings, and other Documents in his Custody or Power relating to any of the Matters aforesaid, which such Person was required by the Commissioners to produce, and to the Production of which he shall not state any Objection allowed by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit him to such Prison as they shall think fit, there to remain without Bail, until he shall submit himself to them to be sworn, and full Answers make to the f Satisfaction, to all such lawful Questions as shall be put to him, and sign and subscribe such Examination, and produce such Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings and other Documents as aforesaid in his Custody or Power, to the Production of which no such Objection as aforesaid has been allowed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That where any Person known or suspected to have any of the Estate of the Bankrupt in his Possession, or who is supposed to be indebted to the Bankrupt, shall be summoned to attend before the said Commissioners, every such Person shall have such Costs and Charges as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit; and every Witness summoned to attend before the Commissioners shall have his necessary Expences tendered to him, in like Manner as is now by Law required upon Service of a Subpoena to a Witness in an Action at Law.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to summon any Bankrupt before them, whether such Bankrupt shall have obtained his Certificate or not; and in case he shall not come at the Time by them appointed (having no lawful Impediment made known to them at such Time, and allowed by them), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and direct any Person or Persons they shall think fit to apprehend and arrest such Bankrupt, and bring him before them; and upon the Appearance of such Bankrupt, or if such Bankrupt be present at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them to examine such Bankrupt upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth, or on Interrogatories in Writing, touching all Matters relating either to his Trade, Dealings or Estate, or which may tend to disclose any secret Grant, Conveyance or Concealment of his Lands, Tenements, Goods, Money or Debts, and to reduce his Answers into Writing, which Examination, so reduced into Writing, the said Bankrupt shall sign and subscribe; and if such Bankrupt shall refuse to be sworn, or shall refuse to answer any Questions put to him by the said Commissioners touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or shall not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners any such Questions, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his Examination so reduced into Writing as aforesaid (not having any lawful Objection allowed by the said Commissioners), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit him to such Prison as they shall think fit, there to remain without Bail until he shall submit himself to the said Commissioners to be sworn, and full Answers make to their Satisfaction to

6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

59

such Questions as shall be put to him, and sign and subscribe such Examination.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, in manner aforesaid, to summon before them the Wife of any Bankrupt, and in manner aforesaid to examine her for the finding out and Discovery of the Estate, Goods and Chattels of such Bankrupt, concealed, kept or disposed of by such Wife, in her own Person, or by her own Act, or by any other Person, and she shall incur such Danger or Penalty for not coming before the Commissioners, or for refusing to be sworn and examined, or for refusing to sign or subscribe her Examination, or for not fully answering to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, as is hereby provided against other Persons.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Gaoler to whose Custody any Bankrupt or other Person shall be committed as aforesaid, shall suffer such Bankrupt or other Person to escape, ever}^ such Gaoler shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person be committed by the Commissioners for refusing to answer or for not fully answering any Question put to him by the said Commissioners, they shall in their Warrant of Commitment specify every such Question: Provided, that if any Person committed by the Commissioners shall bring any Habeas Corpus in order to be discharged from such Commitment, and there shall appear on the Return of such Habeas Corpus any such Insufficiency in the Form of the Warrant whereby such Person was committed, by reason whereof he might be discharged, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom such Party shall be brought by Habeas Corpus, and such Court or Judge is hereby required to commit f such Person to the same Prison, there to remain until he shall conform, unless it shall be shewn to such Court or Judge by the Party committed, that he has fully answered all lawful Questions put to him by the Commissioners; or if such Person was committed for refusing to be sworn, or for not signing his Examination, unless it shall appear to such Court or Judge that he had a sufficient Reason for the same: Provided also, that such Court or Judge shall, if required thereto by the Party committed, in case the whole of the Examination of the Party so committed shall not have been stated in the Warrant of Commitment, inspect and consider the whole of the Examination of such Party, whereof any such Question was a Part; and if it shall appear from the whole Examination that the Answer or Answers of the Party committed is or are satisfactory, such Court or Judge shall and may order the Party so committed to be discharged.

XL. And be it enacted, That in every Action in respect of any such Commitment brought by any Bankrupt or other Person committed, the Court or Judge before which or whom such Action is tried shall, if thereto required by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action (in case the whole of the Examination of the Part}r so committed shall not have been stated in the Warrant of Commitment), inspect and consider the whole of such Examination; and if upon such Inspection and Consideration it shall appear to such Court or Judge that the Party was lawfully committed, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have

the Commissioners may summon, &c. Bankrupt's Wife.

Proceedings on Disobedience.

Gaoler suffering Escape,

Penalty.

Questions to be particularly specified on Warrant of Commitment.

If Habeas Corpus brought. Judge may recommit Prisoner.

Court or Judge may look at the whole of the Examination.

In Actions of false Imprisonment, the Court may look at the whole of the Examination of the Party committed.

6° GEO. IV.

Limitation of Writ sued against Commissioner.

Notice to set forth Cause of Action, &c.

Fee.

Plaintiff not to recover unless Notice proved.

Evidence.

Tender of Amends, 'within One Month after Notice, and pleaded in bar, &c.

Costs on Nonsuits, Demurrer, &c.

Costs and Damages on Verdict. Amends paid into Court.

Limitation of Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

C. 16.

A.D. 1825.

the same Benefit therefrom as if the whole of such Examination had been therein stated.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no Writ shall be sued out against nor Copy of an}' Process served on any Commissioner for any Thing by him done as such Commissioner, unless Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or left at his usual Place of Abode by the Attorney or Agent for the Party intending to sue or cause the same to be sued out or served, at least One Calendar Month before the suing out or serving the same; and such Notice shall set forth the Cause of Action which such Party has or claims to have against such Commissioner, and on the Back of such Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall receive no more than Twenty Shillings for preparing and serving such Notice.

XLII. And be it enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Commissioner in any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant as Commissioner, unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action that such Notice was given as aforesaid, but in default thereof such Commissioner shall recover a Verdict and Costs, as hereinafter mentioned; and no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Action of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every such Commissioner may, at any Time within One Calendar Month after such Notice, tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Agent or Attorney; and if the same is not accepted, may plead such Tender in bar to any Action brought against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Commissioner shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant on such other Plea or Pleas, they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he shall recover together with Costs of Suit: Provided, that if any such Commissioner shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, he may, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings shall be had in Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every Action brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such

Action

6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

61

Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at the Trial, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action was commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if there be a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after Appearance thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners as often as they shall think fit, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons an Assignee or Assignees of the Bankrupt's Real and Personal Estate, or of any Part thereof, which Assignee or Assignees shall or may be removed at the Meeting of the Creditors for the Choice of Assignees, if they shall think fit; and such Assignee or Assignees so removed shall deliver up and assign all the Estate of the Bankrupt come to his or their Possession to the Assignees so chosen as hereinafter mentioned, and all the Estate of the Bankrupt, which shall be so delivered up and assigned, shall be as effectually and legally vested in the Assignees so chosen as aforesaid, as if the First Assignment had been made to them by the Commissioners; and if such First Assignee or Assignees shall not within Ten Days after Notice given of the said Choice of Assignees, and of their Consent to accept such Assignment, signified to the First Assignee or Assignees by Writing under their Hands, make such Assignment and Delivery as aforesaid, every such Assignee shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That at the Three several Meetings so appointed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, and at every other Meeting by them appointed for Proof of Debts (whereof, and of the Purport whereof, Ten Days' Notice shall have been given in the London Gazette), every Creditor of the Bankrupt may prove his Debt by his own Oath; and all Bodies Politic and Public Companies incorporated or authorized to sue or bring Actions, either by Charter or Act of Parliament, may prove by an Agent, provided such Agent shall in his Deposition swear that he is such Agent as aforesaid, and that he is authorized to make such Proof; and if any Creditor shall live remote from the Place of the Meeting of the Commissioners, he may prove by Affidavit, sworn before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary; or if such Creditor shall live out of England, by Affidavit sworn before a Magistrate where such Creditor shall be residing, and attested by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul, and no Creditor shall pay any Contribution on account of any such Debt: Provided, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in Writing, every Person claiming to prove a Debt under the said Commission, or to require such further Proof, and to examine such other Persons in relation thereto, as they shall think fit.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every Person with whom any Bankrupt shall have really and bona fide contracted any Debt or

Demand

Double Costs.

Commissioners may appoint Assignee* until others are chosen by Creditors.

First Assignee not delivering Effects, Penalty.

Debts how to be proved.

By Corporations, Sec.

By Creditor remote or abroad.

Creditor may be examined upon Oath.

Bond fide Creditors may prove notwithstanding

C. 16-

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

prior Act of Bankruptcy.

Proviso.

Commissioners may order Six Months' Wages of Servants, &c. to be paid.

Apprentices discharged from indentures.

Commissioners may order any Sum to be paid in respect of Apprentice Fees.

Mutual Debts and Credits may be set off, notwithstanding prior Act of Bankruptcy.

Proviso.

Debts not payable at Time of Bankruptcy may be proved, deducting Rebate of Interest.

Demand before the issuing the Commission against him, shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt, be admitted to prove the same, and be a Creditor under such Commission, as if no such Act of Bankruptcy had been committed: Provided such Person had not, at the Time the same was contracted, Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy b}r such Bankrupt committed.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Bankrupt shall have been indebted, at the Time of issuing the Commission against him, to any Servant or Clerk of such Bankrupt, in respect of the Wages or Salary of such Servant or Clerk, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon Proof thereof, to order so much as shall be so due as aforesaid, not exceeding Six Months' Wages or Salary, to be paid to such Servant or Clerk out of the Estate of such Bankrupt; and such Servant or Clerk shall be at liberty to prove under the Commission for any Sum exceeding such last mentioned Amount.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be an Apprentice to a Bankrupt at the Time of issuing of the Commission against him, the issuing of such Commission shall be and enure as a complete Discharge of the Indenture or Indentures whereby such Apprentice wras bound to such Bankrupt; and if any Sum shall have been really and bona fide paid, by or on the Behalf of such Apprentice to the Bankrupt, as an Apprentice Fee, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon Proof thereof, to order any Sum to be paid to or for the Use of such Apprentice which they shall think reasonable, regard being had, in estimating such Sum, to the Amount of the Sum so paid by or on behalf of such Apprentice to the Bankrupt, and to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have resided with the Bankrupt previous to the issuing of the Commission.

L. And be it enacted, That where there has been mutual Credit given by the Bankrupt and any other Person, or where there are mutual Debts between the Bankrupt and any other Person, the Commissioners shall state the Account between them, and one Debt or Demand may be set against another, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt before the Credit given to or the Debt contracted by him, and what shall appear due on either Side on the Balance of such Account, and no more, shall be claimed or paid on either Side respectively, and every Debt or Demand hereby made proveable against the Estate of the Bankrupt, may also be set off in manner aforesaid against such Estate: Provided that the Person claiming the Benefit of such Set-off had not, when such Credit wa6 given, Notice of an Act of BankruptC}^ by such Bankrupt committed.

LI. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall have given Credit to the Bankrupt upon valuable Consideration, for any Money or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall not have become payable when such Bankrupt committed an Act of Bankruptcy, and whether such Credit shall have been given upon any Bill, Bond, Note or other negotiable Security or not, shall be entitled to prove such Debt, Bill, Bond, Note or other Security, as if the same was payable presently, and receive Dividends equally with the other Creditors, deducting only thereout a Rebate

6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

63

A.D.

1825.

of Interest for what he shall so receive, at the Rate of Five per Centum, to be computed from the Declaration of a Dividend to the Time such Debt wTould have become payable, according to the Terms upon which it was contracted.

LII. And be it enacted, That any Person who at the issuing the Commission shall be Surety or liable for any Debt of the Bankrupt, or Bail for the Bankrupt, either to the Sheriff or to the Action, if he shall have paid the Debt, or any Part thereof in Discharge of the whole Debt (although he may have paid the same after the Commission issued) if the Creditor shall have proved his Debt under the Commission, shall be entitled to stand in the Place of such Creditor as to the Dividends and all other Rights under the said Commission which such Creditor possessed or would be entitled to in respect of such Proof; or if the Creditor shall not have proved under the Commission, such Surety or Person liable, or Bail, shall be entitled to prove his Demand in respect of such Payment as a Debt under the Commission, not disturbing the former Dividends, and may receive Dividends with the other Creditors, although he may have become Surety, liable or Bail as aforesaid, after an Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt: Provided that such Person had not, "when he became such Surety or Bail, or so liable as aforesaid, Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Obligee in any Bottomry or Respondentia Bond, and the Assured in any Policy of Insurance made upon good and valuable Consideration, shall be admitted to claim, and after the Loss or Contingency shall have happened, to prove his Debt or Demand in respect thereof, and receive Dividends with the other Creditors as if the Loss or Contingency had happened before the issuing the Commission against such Obligor or Insurer; and that the Person effecting any Policy of Insurance upon Ships or Goods with any Person, as a Subscriber or Underwriter, becoming Bankrupt, shall be entitled to prove any Loss to which such Bankrupt shall be liable in respect of such Subscription, although the Person so effecting such Policy was not beneficially interested in such Ships or Goods, In case the Person or Persons so interested is not or are not within the United Realm.

Sureties and Persons liable for the Debts of Bankrupts may prove, afteT having paid such Debts as herein mentioned.

3

Proviso for Proof by Obligee in Bottomry or Respondentia Bonds, and Assured in Policy of In-

LIV. And be it enacted, That any Annuity Creditor of any Annuity Cre-Bankrupt, by whatever Assurance the same be secured, and ditor admitted whether there were or not any Arrears of such Annuity due atto prove* the Bankruptcy, shall be entitled to prove for the Value of such Annuity, which Value the Commissioners shall ascertain, regard being had to the original Price given for the said Annuity, deducting therefrom such Diminution in the Value thereof as shall have been caused by the Lapse of Time since the Grant thereof to the Date of the Commission.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Sureties for Person entitled to any Annuity granted by any Bankrupt, to sue Payment of any Person who may be collateral Surety for the Payment of Annuities such Annuity, until such Annuitant shall have proved under the Bknkru ^in Commission against such Bankrupt for the Value of such Annuity, what Manner to and for the Payment thereof; and if such Surety after such Proof come in under pay the Amount proved as aforesaid, he shall be thereby dis- the Commis-

charged sloru

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

f Sic.

.r..

, toy-

O

In what Case Certificate or Discharge to Bankrupt as against Annuitant and Surety.

Debts contingent at the Time of the Bankruptcy, provable after the happening of Contingency.

u -

Proviso.

Interest on Promissory Notes, &c.

Plaintiff obtaining Judgment, &c. entitled to prove for Costs, &c.

it /v

r7

Proving a Debt under a Commission to be an Election not to proceed against

charged from all Claims in respect of such Annuity; and if such Surety shall not (before any Payment of the said Annuity subsequent to the Bankruptcy shall have become due) pay the Sum so proved as aforesaid, he may be said j- for the accruing Payments of such Annuity, until such Annuitant shall have f paid or satisfied the Amount so proved, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Four per Centum per Annum, from the Time of Notice of such Proof, and of the Amount thereof being given to such Surety; and after such Payment or Satisfaction, such Surety shall stand in the Place of such Annuitant in respect of such Proof as aforesaid, to the Amount so paid or satisfied as aforesaid by such Surety; and the Certificate of the Bankrupt shall be a Discharge to him from all Claims of such Annuitant or of such Surety in respect of such Annuity; provided that such Surety shall be entitled to Credit in Account with such Annuitant for any Dividends received by such Annuitant under the Commission, before such Surety shall have fully paid or satisfied the Amount so proved as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall, before the issuing of the Commission, have contracted, any Debt payable upon a Contingency which shall not have happened before the issuing of such Commission, the Person with whom such Debt has been contracted may, if he think fit, apply to the Commissioners to set a Value upon such Debt, and the Commissioners are hereby required to ascertain the Value thereof, and to admit such Person to prove the Amount so ascertained, and to receive Dividends thereon; or if such Value shall not be so ascertained before the Contingency shall have happened, then such Person may, after such Contingency shall have happened, prove in respect of such Debt, and receive Dividend with the other Creditors, not disturbing any former Dividends: Provided such Person had not, when such Debt was contracted, Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

LVII. And be it enacted, That in all future Commissions against any Person or Persons liable upon any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, whereupon Interest is not reserved, overdue at the issuing the Commission, the Plolder of such Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note shall be entitled to prove for Interest upon the same, to be calculated by the Commissioners to the Date of the Commission, at such Rate as is allowed by the Court of King's Bench in Actions upon such Bills or Notes.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Plaintiff in any Action at Law or Suit in Equity, or Petition in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, shall have obtained any Judgment, Decree or Order against any Person who shall thereafter become Bankrupt for any Debt or Demand in respect of which such Plaintiff or Petitioner shall prove under the Commission, such Plaintiff or Petitioner shall also be entitled to prove for the Costs which he shall have incurred in obtaining the same, although such Costs shall not have been taxed at the Time of the Bankruptcy.

LIX. And be it enacted, That no Creditor who has brought any Action, or instituted any Suit against any Bankrupt, in respect of a Demand prior to the Bankruptcy, or which might have been proved as a Debt under the Commission against such Bankrupt,

shall

A.D. 182.5. 6° GEO. IV. 0.16.

shall prove a Debt under such Commission, or have any Claim entered upon the Proceedings under such Commission, without relinquishing such Action or Suit; and in case such Bankrupt shall be in Prison or Custody at the Suit of or detained by such Creditor, he shall not prove or claim as aforesaid, without giving a sufficient Authority in Writing for the Discharge of such Bankrupt; and the proving or claiming a Debt under a Commission by any Creditor, shall be deemed an Election by such Creditor to take the Benefit of such Commission, with respect to the Debt so proved or claimed: Provided that such Creditor shall not be liable to the Payment to such Bankrupt or his Assignees, of the Costs of such Action or Suit so relinquished by him; and that where any such Creditor shall have brought any Action or Suit against such Bankrupt, jointly with any other Person or Persons, his relinquishing such Action or Suit against the Bankrupt shall not affect such Action or Suit against such other Person or Persons: Provided also, that any Creditor who shall have so elected to prove or claim as aforesaid, if the Commission be afterwards superseded, may proceed in the Action as if he had not so elected, and in bailable Actions shall be at liberty to arrest the Defendant de novo, if he has not put in Bail below, or perfected Bail above, or if the Defendant has put in or perfected such Bail, to have recourse against such Bail, by requiring the Bail below to put in and perfect Bail above within the First Eight Days in Term, after Notice in the London Gazette of the superseding such Commission, and by suing the Bail upon their Recognizance, if the Condition thereof is broken.

LX. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Assignees or to Two or more Creditors, who have each proved Debts to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, that any Debt proved under the Commission is not justly due either in Whole or in Part, such Assignees or Creditors may make Representation thereof to the Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to summon before them and examine upon Oath any Person who shall have so proved as aforesaid, together with any Person whose Evidence may appear to the Commissioners to be material, either in Support of or in Opposition to any such Debt; and if the said Commissioners, upon the Evidence given on both Sides, or (if the Person who shall have so proved as aforesaid shall not attend to be examined, having been first duly summoned, or Notice having been left at his last Place of Abode) upon the Evidence adduced by such Assignees or Creditors as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that such Debt is not due either wholly or in part, the said Commissioners shall be at liberty to expunge the same, either wholly or in part, from the Proceedings: Provided, that such Assignees or Creditors requiring such Investigation shall, before it is instituted, sign an Undertaking, to be filed with the Proceedings, to pay such Costs as the Commissioners shall adjudge to the Creditor who has proved such Debt as aforesaid, such Costs to be recovered by Petition: Provided also, that such Assignees or Creditors may apply in the first Instance b}' Petition to the Lord Chancellor, or that either Party may petition against the Determination of the Commissioners.

6 Geo. IV. F LXI. And

6 a

the Bankrupt by Action.

Creditor having elected to come in under the Commission, if it be afterwards superseded, restored to his former Rights.

Commissioners may expunge Proof of Debts.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons requiring Investigation to sign Undertaking for Costs. Application by Petition,

66

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. l 825.

Choice of

Assignees at Second Meeting;

liow chosen.

Commissioners may reject any Person chosen as unfit.

Joint Creditor may prove under separate Commission, for voting in Choice of Assignees;

how far not to receive Dividend.

Commissioners to convey the Personal Estate to the Assignees, and Debts due to the Bankrupt.

Commissioners to convey Bankrupt's Real Estate to Assignees.

LXI. And be it enacted, That at the Second Meeting appointed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Adjournment thereof, Assignees of the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects shall be chosen; and all Creditors who have proved Debts under the Commission to the Amount of Ten Pounds and upwards shall be entitled to vote in such Choice; and also any Person authorized by Letter of Attorney from any such Creditor or Creditors, upon Proof of the Execution thereof, either by Affidavit sworn before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, or by Oath before the Commissioners viva voce, and in case of Creditors residing out of England, by Oath before a Magistrate where the Party shall be residing, duly attested, by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul, and the Choice shall be made by the major Part in Value of the Creditors so entitled to vote: Provided, that the Commissioners shall have Power to reject any Person so chosen who shall appear to them unfit to be such Assignee as aforesaid, and upon such Rejection a new Choice of another Assignee or Assignees shall be made as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it enacted, That in all Commissions against One or more of the Partners of a Firm, any Creditor to whom the Bankrupt or Bankrupts is or are indebted, jointly with the other Partner or Partners of the said Firm, or any of them, shall be entitled to prove his Debt under such Commission for the Purpose only of voting in the Choice of Assignees under such Commission, and of assenting to or dissenting from the Certificate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or of either of such Purposes; but such Creditor shall not receive any Dividend out of the separate Estate of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts until all the separate Creditors shall have received the full Amount of their respective Debts, unless such Creditor shall be a Petitioning Creditor in a Commission against One Member of a Firm.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall assign to the Assignees, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, all the present and future Personal Estate of such Bankrupt wheresoever the same may be found or known, and all Property which he may purchase, or which may revert, descend, be devised or bequeathed or come to him, before he shall have obtained his Certificate; and the Commissioners shall also assign as aforesaid all Debts due or to be due to the Bankrupt wheresoever the same may be found or known, and such Assignment shall vest the Property, Right and Interest in such Debts in such Assignees, as fully as if the Assurance whereby they are secured had been made to such Assignees; and after such Assignment, neither the Bankrupt nor any Person claiming through or under him shall have Power to recover the same, nor to make any Release or Discharge thereof, neither shall the same be attached as the Debt of the Bankrupt by any Person according to the Custom of the City of London or otherwise, but such Assignees shall have like Remedy to recover the same in their own Names as the Bankrupt, himself might have had if lie had not been adjudged Bankrupt.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall, by Deed indented and enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, convey to the said Assignees, for the Benefit of the Creditors as aforesaid, all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, except

Copy

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

67

Cop}' or Customaryhold in England, Scotland, Ireland, or in any of the Dominions, Plantations or Colonies belonging to His Majesty, to which any Bankrupt is entitled, and all Interest to which such Bankrupt is entitled in any of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of which he might, according to the Laws of the several Countries, Dominions, Plantations or Colonies have disposed, and all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as he shall purchase or shall descend, be devised, revert to or come to such Bankrupt before he shall have obtained his Certificate, and all Deeds, Papers and Writings respecting the same, and every such Deed shall be valid against the Bankrupt, and against all Persons claiming under him: Provided, that where according to the Laws of any such Plantation or Colony such Deed would require Registration, Enrolment or Recording, the same shall be so registered, enrolled or recorded, according to the Laws of such Plantation or Colony, and no such Deed shall invalidate the Title of any Purchaser for valuable Consideration prior to such Registration, Enrolment or Recording, without Notice that the Commission has issued.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall by Deed, indented and enrolled as aforesaid, make sale for the Benefit of the Creditors as aforesaid of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate either in England or Ireland, whereof the Bankrupt is seised of any Estate Tail in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, and whereof no Reversion or Remainder is in the Crown, the Gift or Provision of the Crown, and every such Deed shall be good against the said Bankrupt and the Issue of his Body, and against all Persons claiming under him after he became Bankrupt, and against all Persons whom the said Bankrupt by Fine, Common Recovery or any other Means, might cut off or debar from any Remainder, Reversion or other Interest, in or out of any of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, order any Conveyance or Assignment either of the Real or Personal Estate of the Bankrupt, made either to Assignees appointed by the Commissioners or chosen by the Creditors, and any Enrolment thereof, to be vacated, provided that no Title of any Purchaser under any Conveyance prior to such Order be thereby affected, and that no Estate previously barred be thereby revived; and the Lord Chancellor may order the Commissioners to execute a new Assignment or Assignments of the Debts and Effects unreceived and not disposed of by the then Assignee or Assignees to any other Person or Persons to be chosen by the Creditors as aforesaid, or to execute a new Conveyance of the Real Estate unsold or not conveyed to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor shall direct; and if such new Assignment shall be ordered, the Debts and Personal Estate of the Bankrupt shall be thereby vested in such new Assignees, and it shall be lawful for them to sue for the same, and to discharge any Action or Suit, or to give any Acquittance for such Debts, as effectually as the former Assignees might have done; and the Commissioners shall, in the Two London Gazettes next after the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and such new Appointment as aforesaid, cause Adver-

F 2 tisements

Proviso as to Registration of Conveyance of Colonial Property.

Commissioners may make sale of Hereditaments in England or Ireland, whereof Bankrupt is Tenant in Tail, &c

Lord Chancellor upon Petition may vacate any Conveyance or Assignment and Enrolment, and direct new.

Order for new Assignment to vest the Personal Estate in the new Assignees.

70

0.16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

If Assignees decline to elect, Lessor may petition.

Vendor of Lands may compel Assignees to elect as to abiding by Agreement.

Assignees may execute Powers vested in Bankrupts. Exception.

Lord Chancellor may order Bankrupts to join in Conveyances.

Effect of Disobedience.

Where Trustee becomes Bankrupt, Lord Chancellor may order Conveyance or Assignment to other Trustees.

such Lease or Agreement to the Lessor or such Person agreeing to grant a Lease, within Fourteen Days after he shall have had Notice that the Assignees shall have declined as aforesaid; and if the Assignees shall not (upon being thereto required) elect whether they will accept or decline such Lease or Agreement for a Lease, the Lessor or Person so agreeing as aforesaid, or any Person entitled under such Lessor or Person so agreeing, shall be entitled to apply by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, who may order them so to elect and to deliver up such Lease or Agreement, in case they shall decline the same, and the Possession of the Premises, or may make such other Order therein as he shall think fit.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall have entered into any Agreement for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest in Land, the Vendor thereof, or any Person claiming under him, if the Assignees of such Bankrupt shall not (upon being thereto required) elect whether they will abide by and execute such Agreement, or abandon the same, shall be entitled to apply by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, who may thereupon order them to deliver up the said Agreement, and the Possession of the Premises, to the Vendor or Person claiming under him, or may make such other Order therein as he shall think fit.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Powers vested in any Bankrupt which he might legally execute for his own Benefit (except the Right of Nomination to any vacant Ecclesiastical Benefice) may be executed by the Assignees for the Benefit of the Creditors, in such Manner as the Bankrupt might have executed the same.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor upon the Petition of the Assignees or of any Purchaser from them, of any part of the Bankrupt's Estate, if such Bankrupt shall not try the Validity of the Commission, or if there shall have been a Verdict at Law establishing its Validity, to order the Bankrupt to join in any Conveyance of such Estate, or any Part thereof; and if he shall not execute such Conveyance within the Time directed by the Order, such Bankrupt and all Persons claiming under him shall be stopped from objecting to the Validity of such Conveyance; and all Estate, Right or Title, which such Bankrupt had therein, shall be as effectually barred b}r such Order as if such Conveyance had been executed by him.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall as Trustee be seised, possessed of or entitled to, either alone or jointly, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Interest secured upon or arising out of the same, or shall have standing in his name as Trustee, either alone or jointty, any Government Stock, Funds or Annuities, or any of the Stock of any public Company, either in England, Scotland or Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, on the Petition of the Person or Persons entitled in Possession to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues and Profits, Dividends, Interest or Produce thereof, on due Notice given to all other Persons (if any) interested therein, to order the Assignees, and all Persons whose Act or Consent thereto is necesary, to convey, assign or transfer the said Estate, Interest, Stock, Funds or

Annuities-

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

71

where Bankrup t beneficially entitled to Stock.

Annuities, to such Person or Persons as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit, upon the same Trusts as the said Estate, Interest,

Stock, Funds or Annuities were subject to before the Bankruptcy, or such of them as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect; and also to receive and pay over the Rents, Issues and Profits, Dividends, Interest or Produce thereof, as the Lord Chancellor shall direct.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That if any such Bankrupt shall have Proceedings by any Government Stock, Funds or Annuities, or any of the Stock Commissioner *, of any public Company either in England, Scotland or Ireland. standing in his Name in his own Right, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to order all Persons whose Act or Consent is thereto necessary, to transfer the same into the Name of the Assignees, and to pay all Dividends upon the same to such Assignees; and all such Persons whose Act or Consent is so necessary as aforesaid are hereby indemnified for all Things done or permitted pursuant to such Order.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances by, and all How far Con-Contracts and other Dealings and Transactions by and with any veyances, &c. Bankrupt bona fide made and entered into more than Two Calendar without Notice, Months before the Date and issuing of the Commission against c c' va 1 him, and all Executions and Attachments against the Lands and a hf r c2C\ Tenements or Goods and Chattels of such Bankrupt, bona fide^A executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the^it/fe yv <c issuing of such Commission, shall be valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by him committed: Provided the Per- Proviso. son or Persons so dealing with such Bankrupt, or at whose Suit or on whose Account such Execution or Attachment shall have issued, had not at the Time of such Conveyance, Contract, Dealing or Transaction, or at the time of executing or levying such Execution or Attachment, Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by him committed: Provided also, that where a Commission has Where Com-been superseded, if any other Commission shall issue against any mission issued Person or Persons comprised in such first Commission, within r' -

Two Calendar Months next after it shall have been superseded, no such Conveyance, Contract, Dealing or Transaction, Execution or Attachment, shall be valid, unless made, entered into, executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the.issuing the first Commission.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That all Payments really and bona fide made, or which shall hereafter be made by any Bankrupt, or byandtoBank-by any Person on his Behalf, before the Date and issuing of the rupt without Commission against such Bankrupt, to any Creditor of such Bank- Notice, &c. rupt (such Payment not being a fraudulent Preference of such Jtandin^riVr Creditor), shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Act of Bank-Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed; and all Payments real- ruptcy. ly and bona fide made, or which shall hereafter be made Jo. any Bankrupt before the Date and issuing of the Commission against such Bankrupt, shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed; and such Creditor shall not be liable to refund the same to the Assignees of such Bankrupt, provided the Person so dealing with the said Bankrupt had not, at the Time of such Payment by or to such Bankrupt,

Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

F 4 LXXXIII. And

within Two Months superseded, how Months reckoned.

Payments made

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

What constructive Notice of trior Act of Bankruptcy.

Proviso for Persons Delivering Goods without Notice, &c.

In what case Bodies Politic, See. deemed to have Notice. Proviso for bon& fide Purchases from Bankrupt.

Proviso for Titles to Property sold under Commission.

Assignees, with Consent of Creditors, obtained as herein mentioned, may compound or submit Disputes to Arbitration, or commence Suits in Equity.

Meetings of Creditors to be attended by One-third in

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the issuing of a Commission shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy (if an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed before the issuing the Commission), if the Adjudication of the Person or Persons against whom such Commission has issued shall have been notified in the London Gazette> and the Person or Persons to be affected by such Notice may reasonabty be presumed to have seen the same.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Person or Body Corporate, or Public Company, having in his or their Possession or Custody any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Effects belonging to any Bankrupt, shall be endangered by reason of the Payment or Delivery thereof to the Bankrupt or his Order; provided such Person or Company had not, at the Time of such Delivery or Payment, Notice that such Bankrupt had committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That if any accredited Agent of any Body Corporate or Public Company shall have had Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy, such Body Corporate or Company shall be hereby deemed to have had such Notice.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Purchase from any Bankrupt bona fide and for valuable Consideration, where the Purchaser had Notice at the Time of such Purchase of an Act of Bankrupt by such Bankrupt committed, shall be impeached by reason thereof, unless the Commission against such Bankrupt shall have been sued out within Twelve Calendar Months after such Act of Bankruptcy.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Title to any Real or Personal Estate sold under any Commission, or under any Order in Bankruptcy, shall be impeached by the Bankrupt, or any Person claiming under him, in respect of any Defect in the suing out of the Commission, or in any of the Proceedings under the same, unless the Bankrupt shall have commenced Proceedings to supersede the said Commission, and duly prosecuted the same, within Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing thereof.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Assignees, with the Consent of the major Part in Value of Creditors who shall have proved under the Commission, present at any Meeting, whereof and of the Purport whereof Twenty one Days'Notice shall have been given in the London Gazette, may compound with any Debtor to the Bankrupt's Estate, and take any reasonable Part of the Debt in discharge of the Whole, or may give Time or take Security for the Payment of such Debt, or may submit any Dispute between such Assignees and any Persons, concerning any Matter relating to such Bankrupt's Estate, to the Determination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the Assignees and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party with whom they shall have such Dispute, and the Award of such Arbitrators shall be binding on all the Creditors; and the Assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall do according to the Directions aforesaid, and no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by the Assignees without such Consent as aforesaid: Provided that if One third in value or upwards of such Creditors shall not attend at any such Meeting (whereof such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid), the Assignees shall have Power, with the Consent of the Commissioners

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

73

sioners testified in Writing under their Hands, to do any of the Matters aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That in any Commission against any One or more Member or Members of a Firm, the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, authorize the Assignees to commence or prosecute any Action at Law, or Suit in Equity, in the Names of such Assignees and of the remaining Partner or Partners, against any Debtor of the Partnership, and may obtain such Judgment, Decree or Order therein, as if such Action or Suit had been instituted with the Consent of such Partner or Partners; and if such Partner or Partners shall execute any Release of the Debt or Demand for which such Action or Suit is instituted, such Release shall be void: Provided that every such Partner, if no Benefit is claimed by him by virtue of the said Proceedings, shall be indemnified against the Payment of any Costs in respect of such Action or Suit; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon the Petition of such Partner, to direct that he may receive so much of the Proceeds of such Action or Suit as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit.

XC. And be it enacted, That in any Action by or against any Assignee, or in any Action against any Commissioner or Person acting under the W7arrant of the Commissioners for any Thing done as such Commissioner, or under such Warrant, no Proof shall be required, at the Trial, of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt or Debts, or of the Trading or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy respectively, unless the other Part)' in such Action shall, if Defendant, at or before Pleading, and, if Plaintiff, before Issue joined, give Notice in Writing to such Assignee, Commissioner or other Person, that he intends to dispute some and which of such Matters; and in case such Notice shall have been given, if such Assignee, Commissioner or other Person shall prove the Matter so disputed, or the other Party admit the same, the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried may (if he thinks fit) grant a Certificate of such Proof or Admission; and such Assignee, Commissioner or other Person shall be entitled to the Costs to be taxed by the proper Officer occasioned by such Notice, and such Costs shall, if such Assignee, Commissioner or other Person shall obtain a Verdict, be added to the Costs, and, if the other Party shall obtain a Verdict, shall be deducted from the Costs which such other Party would otherwise be entitled to receive from such Assignee, Commissioner or other Person.

XCI. And be it enacted, That in all Suits in Equity by or against the Assignees, no Proof shall be required at the Hearing of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt or Debts, or of the Trading or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy respectively, as against any of the Parties in such Suit, except such Parties as shall, within Ten Days after Rejoinder, give Notice in Writing to the Assignees of his or their Intention to dispute some and which of such Matters; and where such Notice shall have been given, if the Assignees shall prove the Matter so disputed, the Costs occasioned by such Notice, to be taxed by the proper Officer, shall, if the Court see fit, be paid by the Party or Parties so giving such Notice as aforesaid, and the Service of such Notice may be proved by Affidavit upon Hearing of the Cause.

value, or upwards.

Assignees of a Partner may use the Names of remaining Partners together with their own in Suits; who cannot release, but are to be indemnified.

In Actions for acting under Commission, no Proof required of Petitioning Creditor's Debt, Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy, unless upon Notice.

Certificate by Judges.

Costs.

The same in Suits in Equity.

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Depositions conclusive in Actions or Suits by Assignees for any Debt of the Bankrupt, unless he dispute the Commission, Sec.

A# '

Proviso for Debtor to Estate paying Debt into Court.

If Commission superseded, Persons from whom Assignees have recovered, &c. discharged from Claims by Bankrupt.

5 G.2. c. 30.

§ 41.

Office for registering Proceedings in Bankruptcy,

XCII. And be it enacted, That if the Bankrupt shall not (if he was within the United Kingdom at the issuing of the Commission) within Two Calendar Months after the Adjudication, or (if he was out of the United Kingdom) within Twelve Calendar Months after the Adjudication, have given Notice of his Intention to dispute the Commission, and have proceeded therein with due Diligence, the Depositions taken before the Commissioners at the Time of, or previous to the Adjudication of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt or Debts, and of the Trading and Act or Acts of Bankruptcy, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Matters therein respectively contained, in all Actions at Law or Suits in Equity, brought by the Assignees for any Debt or Demand for which the Bankrupt might have sustained any Action or Suit.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if the Assignees commence any Action or Suit for any Money so due to the Bankrupt before the Time allowed as aforesaid for him to dispute the Commission shall have elapsed, any Defendant in any such Action or Suit shall be entitled, after Notice given to the Assignees to pay the same, or any Part thereof, into the Court in which such Action or Suit is brought, and all Proceedings with respect to the Money so paid into Court shall thereupon be stayed, and after the Time aforesaid shall have elapsed, the Assignees shall have the same paid to them out of Court.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That all Persons from whom the Assignees shall have recovered any Real or Personal Estate either by Judgment or Decree, are hereby discharged, in case the Commission be afterwards superseded, from all Demands which may thereafter be made in respect of the same by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission issued, and all Persons claiming under him or them; and all Persons who shall without Action or Suit bona fide deliver up Possession of any Real or Personal Estate to the Assignees, or pay any Debt claimed by them, are hereby discharged from all Claim of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid in respect of the same, or any Person claiming under him or them; provided such Notice to try the Validity of the Commission had not been given, and been proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid.

XCV. And be it enacted, That all Things done pursuant to the Act passed in the Fifth Year of King George the Second, and hereby repealed, whereby it was enacted, that the Lord Chancellor should appoint a Place where all Matters relating to Commissions of Bankruptcy should be entered of Record, and should appoint a Person to have the Custody thereof, be hereby confirmed; and the Lord Chancellor shall be at liberty from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint a proper Person, who shall by himself or his Deputy (to be approved by the said Lord Chancellor) enter of Record all Matters relating to Commissions, and have the Custody of the Entries thereof; and the Person so to be appointed, and his Deputy, shall continue in their respective Offices so long as they shall respectively behave themselves well, and shall not be removed, except by Order in Writing under the Eland of the Lord Chancellor on sufficient Cause therein specified.

A.D. 1825.

6 GEO. IV. C. 16.

75

XCVI. And be it enacted, That in all Commissions issued after this Act shall have taken Effect, no Commission of Bankruptcy, Adjudication of Bankruptcy by the Commissioners, or Assignment of the Personal Estate of the Bankrupt, or Certificate of Conformity, shall be received as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, unless the same shall have been first so entered of Record as aforesaid; and the Person so appointed to enter Matters of Record as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive for such Entry of every such Commission, Adjudication of Bankruptcy, Assignment, or Order for vacating the same respectively, having the Certificate of such Entry indorsed thereon respectively, the Fee of Two Shillings each, and for the Entry of every Certificate of Conformity, having the like Certificate indorsed thereon, Six Shillings; and every such Instrument shall be so entered of Record upon the Application of, or on behalf of any Party interested therein, and on Payment of the several Fees aforesaid, without any Petition in Writing presented for that Purpose; and the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, direct any Depositions, Proceedings or other Matter relating to Commissions of Bankruptcy, to be entered of Record as aforesaid, and also appoint such Fee and Reward for the Labour therein of the Person so appointed as aforesaid, as the Lord Chancellor shall think reasonable; and all Persons shall be at liberty to search for any of the Matters so entered of Record as aforesaid: Provided that on the Production in Evidence of any Instrument so directed to be entered of Record, having the Certificate thereon, purporting to be signed by the Person so appointed to enter the same, or by his Deputy, the same shall, without any Proof of such Signature, be received as Evidence of such Instrument having been so entered of Record as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit or Issue, Office Copies of any original Instrument or Writing, filed in the Office or officially in the Possession of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts, shall be Evidence to be received of every such original Instrument or Writing respectively; and if any such original Instrument or Writing shall be produced on any Trial, the Costs of producing the same shall not be allowed on Taxation, unless it appears that the Production of such original Instrument or other Writing was necessary.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That after this Act shall have come into Effect all Commissions of Bankrupt, and also all Deeds, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, Admissions and other Assurances of, or to, or relating solely to any Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands or Tenements, or any Mortgage, Charge or other Incumbrance upon, or any Estate, Right or Interest of and in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Personal Estate, being the Estate of or belonging to any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or Part or Parcel thereof, and which after the Execution of such Deeds, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders or Assurances respectively shall, either at Law or in Equity, be or remain the Estate and Property of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the Assignee or Assignees appointed or chosen by virtue of the Commission issued against him or them respectively, and also all Powers of Attorney, Writs of Supersedeas

and

No Commission, &c. received in Evidence unless entered of Record.

Fees for Entry

Lord Chancellor may direct other Matters to be entered. Liberty to search.

Evidence of Entry.

Office Copies Evidence.

Costs of producing original Instrument when not allowed.

Commissions, Deeds and other Instruments relating to Estates and Effects of Bankrupts, not liable to Stamp Duty.

76

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Sales not liable to Auction Duty.

Punishment of Perjury and false Affirmation.

Provision as to Quakers.

Suit for and Application of Forfeitures.

Assignees to keep a Book of Account of Bankrupt's Estate.

Commissioners may summon Assignees, and require them to produce Books, &c.

and commit on refusal.

and Procedendo, Certificates of Conformity, Affidavits and all other Instruments and Writings whatsoever relating solely to the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or any Part thereof, or to any Proceedings under any Commission of Bankrupt, and all Advertisements inserted in the London Gazette relating solely to Matters in Bankruptcy, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty or any other Government Duty whatsoever, and all Sales of any Real or Personal Estate of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall not be liable to any Auction Duty.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That any Bankrupt or other Person who shall, in any Examination before the Commissioners, or in any Affidavit or Deposition authorized or directed by the present or any Act hereby repealed, wilfully and corruptly swear falsely, being convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties in force against wilful and corrupt Perjury; and where any Oath is hereby directed or required to be taken or administered, or Affidavit to be made by or to any Party, such Party, if a Quaker, shall or may make solemn Affirmation, and such Quaker shall incur such Danger or Penalty for refusing to make such solemn Affirmation in such Matters, Avhen thereto required, as is hereby provided against Persons refusing to be sworn; and all Quakers who shall, in any such Affirmation, knowingly and wilfully affirm falsely, shall suffer the same Penalties as are provided against Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury; and all Persons before whom Oaths or Affidavits are hereby directed to be made are respectively empowered to administer the same, and also such solemn Affirmation as aforesaid.

C. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money forfeited under this Act, or by virtue of any Conviction for Perjury committed in any Oath hereby directed or authorized, may be sued for by the Assignees in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and the Money so recovered (the Charges of Suit being deducted) shall be divided among the Creditors.

CL. And be it enacted, That the Assignees shall keep an Account, wherein they shall enter all Property of the Bankrupt received by them, and all Payments made by them on account of the Bankrupt's Estate, which Account every Creditor who shall have proved may inspect at all seasonable Times; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at all Times, by Writing under their Hands, to summon the Assignees before them, and require them to produce all Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings and other Documents relating to the Bankruptcy, in their Possession; and if such Assignees so summoned shall not come before the Commissioners at the Time appointed (having no Impediment made known to the Commissioners at the Time of their Meeting, and allowed by them), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to such Person as they shall think fit, to cause such Assignees to be brought before them; and upon their refusing to produce such Books, Deeds, Writings, Papers or Documents as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commit the Party so refusing to such Prison as they shall think fit, there to remain without Bail, until such Party shall submit himself to the said Commissioners.

6° GEO. IV. C. 16 *

77

CII. And be it enacted, That at the Meeting of Creditors for the Choice of Assignees, the major Part in Value of such Creditors there present may direct how, and with whom, and where the Money received from time to time out of the Estate shall be paid in and remain until it be divided; and if such Creditors shall not make such Direction as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall, immediately after such Choice, and at the same Meeting, make such Direction; but no Money shall be directed to be paid into the Hands of any of the Commissioners, or of the Solicitor to the Commission, or into any Banking House or other House of Trade in which any such Commissioner, Assignee or Solicitor is interested.

CIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners may, as often as it shall appear to them expedient for the Bankrupt's Estate, direct any Money, Part of such Estate, to be invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, for the Benefit of the Creditors, and may direct where and with whom such Exchequer Bills shall be kept, and cause such Exchequer Bills to be sold when it shall appear to them expedient, and may direct the Proceeds thereof to be again laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors, subject to the Controul of the Lord Chancellor.

CIV. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee shall retain in his Hands, or employ for his own Benefit, or knowingly permit any Coassignee so to retain or employ any Sum to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, Part of the Estate of the Bankrupt, or shall neglect to invest any Money in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, when so directed as aforesaid, every such Assignee shall be liable to be charged in his Accounts with such Sum as shall be equal to Interest at the Rate of Twenty per Centum on all such Money, for the Time during which he shall have so retained or employed the same, or permitted the same to be so retained or employed as aforesaid, or during which he shall have so neglected to invest the same in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, and the Commissioners are hereby required to charge every such Assignee in his Accounts accordingly.

CV. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee indebted to the Estate of which he is such Assignee, in respect of Money so retained or employed by him as aforesaid, become Bankrupt, if he shall obtain his Certificate it shall only have the Effect of freeing his Person from Arrest and Imprisonment; but his future Effects (his Tools of Trade, necessary Household Goods, and the necessary Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife and Children.excepted) shall remain liable for so much of his Debts to the Estate of which he was Assignee, as shall not be paid by Dividends under his Commission, together with lawful Interest for the whole Debt.

CVI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall, at the Meeting appointed for the last Examination of the Bankrupt, appoint a Public Meeting, not sooner than Four Calendar Months from the issuing of the Commission, nor later than Six Calendar Months from the last Examination of the Bankrupt, whereof, and of the Purport whereof, they shall give Twenty-one Days' Notice in the London Gazette, to audit the Accounts of the Assignees; and the Assignees at such Meeting shall deliver upon

Oath

Creditors or Commissioners to direct where Money arising from Bank* rupt's Estate shall be paid in, &c.

Commissioners may direct such Money to be vested in Exchequer Bills.

Assignee not paying or investing Money, and retaining it, or permitting Coassignee to retain or employ it, charged 20/. per Cent.

Proviso as to Certificate of Assignee becoming Bankrupt, having Bankrupt's Estate wilfully retained.

Commissioners to audit Accounts of Assignees at the Times herein mentioned.

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

May examine Assignees upon Oath.

Allowances.

Method of making Dividends.

Assignees to make Dividends pursuant to Order.

No Dividend without previous Audit

Creditors having Securities or Attachment in London, not to receive more than other Creditors. Exception.

Oath a true Statement in Writing of all Money received by them respectively, and when and on what Account, and how the same have been employed; and the Commissioners shall examine such Statement, and compare the Receipts with the Payments, and ascertain what Balances have been from time to time in the Hands of such Assignees respectively, and shall inquire whether any Sum appearing to be in their Hands ought to be retained; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine the said Assignees upon Oath, touching the Truth of such Accounts, and in such Accounts the said Assignees shall be allowed to retain all such Money as they shall have expended in suing out and prosecuting such Commission, and all other just Allowances.

CVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall, not sooner than Four nor later than Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing the Commission, appoint a Public Meeting (whereof and of the Purport whereof they shall give Twenty one Days' Notice in the London Gazette), to make a Dividend of the Bankrupt's Estate, at which Meeting all Creditors who have not proved their Debts shall be entitled to prove the same; and the said Commissioners at such Meeting shall order such Part of the Net Produce of the Bankrupt's Estate in the Hands of the Assignees, as they shall think fit, to be forthwith divided amongst such Creditors as have proved Debts under the Commission, in proportion to their respective Debts, and shall make an Order for a Dividend in Writing under their Hands, and shall cause One Part of such Order to be filed amongst the Proceedings under the Commission, and shall deliver another Part thereof to the Assignees, which Order shall contain an Account of the Time and Place of making such Order, of the Amount of the Debts proved, of the Money remaining in the Hands of the Assignees to be divided, of how much in the Pound is then ordered to be paid to every Creditor, and of the Money allowed by the Commissioners to be retained by the Assignees, with their Reasons for allowing the same to be so retained; and the Assignees, in pursuance of such Order (and without any Deed of Distribution made for that Purpose), shall forthwith make such Dividend, and shall take Receipts in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, from each Creditor, for the Dividend received by such Creditor; and such Order and Receipt shall be a Discharge to every such Assignee for so much as he shall pay pursuant to such Order; and no Dividend shall be declared, unless the Accounts of the Assignees shall have been first so audited as aforesaid, and such Statement delivered by them upon Oath as aforesaid.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That no Creditor having Security for his Debt, Or having made any Attachment in London, or any other Place, by virtue of any Custom there used, of the Goods and Chattels of the Bankrupt, shall receive upon any such Security or Attachment more than a rateable Part of such Debt, except in respect of any Execution or Extent served and levied, by Seizure upon, or any Mortgage of or Lien upon any ParTof the Property of such Bankruptjbefore the Bankruptcy; Provided that no Creditor, though for a valuable Consideration, who shall sue out Execution upon any Judgment obtained by Default, Confession or Nil Dicit, shall avail himself of such Execution to the Pre-

tj

V<rV '

6° GEO. IV.

79

C. 16.

judice of other fair Creditors, but shall be paid rateable with such Creditors.

CIX. And be it enacted, That if the Bankrupt's Estate shall not have been wholly divided upon the first Dividend, the Commissioners shall, within Eighteen Calendar Months after the issuing of the Commission, appoint a Public Meeting, (whereof and of the Purport whereof they shall give Twenty one Days' Notice in the London Gazette,) to make a Second Dividend of the Bankrupt's Estate, when all Creditors who have not proved their Debts may prove the same; and the Commissioners at such Meeting, after taking such Audit as hereinbefore directed, shall order the Balance in the Hands of the Assignees to be forthwith divided amongst such of the Creditors as shall have proved their Debts; and such Second Dividend shall be final, unless any Action at Law or Suit in Equity be depending, or any Part of the Estate be standing out, not sold or disposed of, or unless some other Estate or Effects of the Bankrupt shall afterwards come to the Assignees, in which Case they shall, as soon as may be, convert such Estate and Effects into Money, and within Two Calendar Months after the same shall be so converted, divide the same in Manner aforesaid.

CX. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee under any Commission of Bankrupt shall have, either in his own Hands or at any Bankers, or otherwise subject to his Order or Disposition, or to his Knowledge in the Hands of, or in the Order and Disposition of himself and any Coassignee or Coassignees, or of any or either of them, any unclaimed Dividend or Dividends, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall not within Six Months after this Act shall have taken Effect, or Two Calendar Months after the Expiration of One Year after the Declaration and Order of Payment of such Dividend or Dividends made by the Commissioners, either pay to the Creditor or Creditors entitled thereto, or cause a Certificate thereof to be filed in the Office of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts, containing a full and true Account of the Name or Names of the Creditor or Creditors to whom such unclaimed Dividend or Dividends is or are respectively due, and of the Amount of such Dividend or Dividends respectively (such Account being signed by the Assignee or Assignees rendering the same, and attested by the Solicitor to the Commission, or the Solicitor to the Assignee or Assignees signing the same) such Assignee or Assignees shall be charged, in account with the Estate of the Bankrupt, Interest upon such unclaimed Dividend or Dividends, to be computed from the Time that such Certificate is hereby directed to be filed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Time as he shall thenceforth retain the same, and also such further Sum as the Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Lord Chancellor, or the said Commissioners, may order the Investment of any unclaimed Dividends in the Public Funds, or in any Government Security, for or on account of the Creditors entitled, and subject to such Order as the Lord Chancellor may think fit to make respecting the same, who, if he shall think fit, may, after the same shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years from

the

Final Dividend, how and within what Time to be made.

Proviso where Suit depending, or Estate standing out, &c.

Assignees to file an Account in the Bankrupt Office of unclaimed Dividends remaining in their Hands.

Assignees neglecting.

Penalty.

Lord Chancellor or Commissioners may Invest such Dividends, and after Three Years divide the same among

C. 16.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

the other Creditors.

Remedy for Dividends.

Bankrupt not surrendering and submitting to be examined;

or not making Discovery of his Estate and Effects;

or not delivering up his Goods, Books, &c .;

or removing or embezzling to the Value of 10/. Felony.

Punishment.

Lord Chancellor may enlarge Time for surrender.

Allowance to Bankrupt for Maintenance.

the Declaration of such Dividends by the Commissioners, order the same to be divided amongst and paid to the other Creditors, and the Proof of the Creditors to whom such Dividends were allotted shall from thenceforth be considered as void as to the same, but renewable as to any future Dividends, to place them pari passu with the other Creditors, but not to disturb any Dividends which shall have been previously made.

CXI. And be it enacted, That no Action for any Dividend shall be brought against the Assignees by any Creditor who shall have proved under the Commission, but if the Assignees shall refuse to pay any such Dividend, the Lord Chancellor may, on Petition, order Payment thereof, with Interest for the Time that it shall have been withheld, and the Costs of the Application.

CXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whom any Commission has been issued, or shall hereafter be issued, whereupon such Person hath been or shall be declared Bankrupt, shall not, before Three of the Clock upon the Forty second Day after Notice thereof in Writing to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, or personal Notice in case such Person be then in Prison, and Notice given in the London Gazette of the issuing of the Commission, and of the Meetings of the Commissioners, surrender himself to them, and sign or subscribe such Surrender, and submit to be examined before them, from time to time, upon Oath, or being a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation; or if any such Bankrupt upon such Examination shall not discover all his Real or Personal Estate, and how and to whom, upon what Consideration, and when he disposed of, assigned or transferred any of such Estate, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto (except such Part as shall have been really and bondJide before sold or disposed in the way of his Trade, or laid out in the ordinary Expence of his Family); or if any such Bankrupt shall not upon such Examination deliver up to the Commissioners all such Part of such Estate, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, as be in his Possession, Custody or Power, (except the necessary Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife and Children); or if any such Bankrupt shall remove, conceal or embezzle any Part of such Estate, to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, or any Books of Account, Papers or Writings relating thereto, with Intent to defraud his Creditors, every such Bankrupt shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and be liable to be transported for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Court before which he shall be convicted shall adjudge, or shall be liable to be imprisoned only, or imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in any Common Gaol, Penitentiary House or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall have Power, as often as he shall think fit, from time to time to enlarge the Time for the Bankrupt surrendering himself for such Time as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit, so as every such Order be made Six Days at least before the Day on which such Bankrupt was to surrender himself.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, before the Choice of Assignees, and after such Choice, for the Assignees, with the Approbation of the Commissioners,

testified

C. 16.

81

testified in Writing under their Hands, from time to time to make such Allowance to the Bankrupt out of his Estate, until he shall have passed his last Examination, as shall be necessary for the Support of himself and his Family.

CXV. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt apprehended by any Warrant of the Commissioners shall, within the Time hereby allowed for him to surrender, submit to be examined, and in all Things conform, he shall have the same Benefit as if he had voluntarily surrendered.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That the Bankrupt, after the Choice of Assignees, shall (if thereto required) forthwith deliver up to them, upon Oath, before a Master, Ordinary or Extraordinary, in Chancery, or Justice of the Peace, all Books of Account, Papers and Writings relating to his Estate, in his Custody or Power, and discover such as are in the Custody or Power of any other Person; and every such Bankrupt, not in Prison or Custody, shall at all Times after such Surrender attend such Assignees upon every reasonable Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by them to him, or left at his House, and shall assist such Assignees in making out the Accounts of his Estate; and such Bankrupt, after he shall have surrendered, may, at all seasonable Times before the Expiration of the said Forty two Days, or such farther Time as shall be allowed to him to finish his Examination, inspect his Books, Papers and Writings, in the Presence of his Assignees, or any Person appointed by them, and bring with him each Time any Two Persons to assist him; and every such Bankrupt, after he shall have obtained his Certificate, shall upon Demand in Writing given to him, or left at his usual Place of Abode, attend the Assignees, to settle any Accounts between his Estate, and any Debtor to or Creditor thereof, or attend any Court of Record to give Evidence touching the same, or do any Act necessary for getting in the said Estate, for which Attendance he shall be paid Five Shillings per Day by the Assignees out of his Estate; and if such Bankrupt shall, after such Demand as aforesaid, not attend, or on such Attendance refuse to do any of the Matters aforesaid, without sufficient Cause shewn to the Commissioners for such Refusal, and by them allowed, the Assignees making Proof thereof upon Oath before the Commissioners, the said Commissioners may, by Warrant directed to such Person as they shall think proper, cause such Bankrupt to be apprehended and committed to such Prison as they shall think fit, there to remain until he shall conform to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Lord Chancellor.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That the Bankrupt shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment by any Creditor in coming to surrender; and after such Surrender during the said Forty two Days, and such further Time as shall be allowed him for finishing his Examination, provided he was not in Custody at the Time of such Surrender; and if such Bankrupt shall be arrested for Debt, or on any Escape Warrant in coming to surrender, or shall after his Surrender be so arrested within the Time aforesaid, he shall, on producing the Summons under the Hands of the Commissioners to the Officer who shall arrest him, and giving such Officer a copy thereof, be immediately discharged; and if any Officer shall detain any such Bankrupt after he shall have shown such Summons 6 Geo. IV. G to

Proviso for Surrender by Bankrupt ap- ' prehended.

Bankrupt to deliver up Books, &c. to Assignees upon Oath;

to attend Assignees;

to be at liberty to inspect Accounts;

after Certificate to attend Assignees in settling Accounts.

Allowance.

Non-attend-

ance.

Punishment.

Proviso for Freedom from Arrest during Examination, and for Discharge from Arrest.

Officer detaining Bankrupt.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

82

C. 1G.

to him, so signed as aforesaid, such Officer shall forfeit to such Bankrupt, for his own Use, the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day he shall detain such Bankrupt, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record at Westminster, in the Name of such Bankrupt, with full Costs of Suit.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at the Time appointed for the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or any Enlargement or Adjournment thereof, to adjourn such Examination sine Die; and he shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment for such Time, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, as they shall by Indorsement upon such Summons as aforesaid appoint, with like Penalty upon any Officer detaining such Bankrupt after having been shown such Summons, CXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Bankrupt is in Prison, or in Custody, under any Process, Attachment, Execution, Commitment or Sentence, the Commissioners may, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to the Person in whose Custody such Bankrupt is confined, cause such Bankrupt to be brought before them at any Meeting, either public or private; and if any such Bankrupt is desirous to surrender, he shall be so brought up, and the Expence thereof shall be paid out of his Estate, and such Person shall be indemnified by the Warrant of the Commissioners for bringing up such Bankrupt: Provided that the Assignees may appoint any Persons to attend such Bankrupt from time to time, and to produce to him his Books, Papers and Writings, in order to prepare an Abstract of his Accounts, and a Statement to show the Particulars of his Estate and Effects previous to his final Examination and Discovery thereof; a Copy of which Abstract and Statement the said Bankrupt shall deliver to them Ten Days at least before his last Examination.

CXX. And be it enacted, That any Person wilfully concealing any Real or Personal Estate of the Bankrupt, and who shall not within Forty two Days after the issuing of the Commission discover such Estate to One or more of the Commissioners or Assignees, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Double the Value of the Estate so concealed; and any Person who shall, after the Time allowed to the Bankrupt to surrender, voluntarily discover to One or more of the Commissioners or Assignees any Part of such Bankrupt's Estate, not before come to the Knowledge of the Assignees, shall be allowed Five per Centum thereupon, and such further Reward as the major Part in Value of the Creditors present at any Meeting called for that Purpose shall think fit, to be paid out of the Estate recovered on such Discovery.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That every Bankrupt who shall have duly surrendered, and in all Things conformed himself to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts at the Time of issuing the Commission against him, shall be discharged from all Debts due by him when he became Bankrupt, and from all Claims and De- Igfhc^ct: A^Jmands hereby made proveable under the Commission, in case he / shall obtain a Certificate of such Conformity, so signed and al-

(ffb, C- lowed, and subject to such Provisions as hereinafter directed;

By Discharge but no such Certificate shall release or discharge any Person who

of Bankrupt, was Partner with such Bankrupt at the Time of his Bankruptcy,

Penalty.

Commissioners may adjourn, last Examination.

No Arrest.

Penalty.

Bankrupt in Custody to be brought before Commissioners at Creditors' Expence.

Assignees may appoint Person -to attend Bankrupt in Prison.

Concealing

Bankrupt's

Effects.

Penalty.

Allowance on

Discovery

thereof.

How far Bankrupt discharged by Certificate.

6° GEO. IV.

C, 16.

83

or who was then jointly bound, or had made any joint Contract, with such Bankrupt.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That such Certificate shall be signed by Four fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, who shall have proved Debts under the Commission to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, or after Six Calendar Months from the last Examination of the Bankrupt, then either by Three fifths in Number and Value of such Creditors, or by Nine tenths in Number of such Creditors, who shall thereby testify their Consent to the said Bankrupt's Discharge as aforesaid; and no such Certificate shall be such Discharge, unless the Commissioners shall, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify to the Lord Chancellor that such Bankrupt has made a full Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and in all Things conformed as aforesaid, and that there does not appear any Reason to doubt the Truth or Fulness of such Discovery, and also that the Creditors have signed in Manner hereby directed, and unless the Bankrupt make Oath in Writing that such Certificate and Consent were obtained without Fraud, and unless such Certificate shall, after such Oath, be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, against which Allowance any of the Creditors of the Bankrupt may be heard before the Lord Chancellor.

And be it enacted, That in all Cases wdiere any Petition for the Allowance of a Certificate shall have been presented to the Lord Chancellor previous to the passing of this Act, by virtue of the Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Pteign of His present Majesty, and hereby repealed, by any Bankrupt whose Certificate shall have been signed by the requisite Number of Creditors, with the Exception of One whose Signature is thereto necessary, and by the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to allow any such Certificate, and such Certificate shall be a valid Discharge as aforesaid, provided such Petition shall have been duly served as in the said Act required.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall not sign any Certificate unless they shall have Proof, by Affidavit in Writing, of the Signature of the Creditors thereto, or of any Person thereto authorized by any Creditor, and of the Authority by which such Person shall have so signed the same; and if any Creditor reside abroad, the Authority of such Creditor shall be attested by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul; and every such Affidavit, Authority and Attestation shall be laid before the Lord Chancellor, with the Certificate, previous to the Allowance thereof.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That any Contract or Security made or given by any Bankrupt or other Person unto or in trust for any Creditor, or for securing the Payment of any Money due by such Bankrupt at his Bankruptcy, as a Consideration or with Intent to persuade such Creditor to consent to or sign such Certificate, shall be void, and the Money thereby secured or agreed to be paid shall not be recoverable; and the Party sued on such Contract or Security may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That any Bankrupt who shall, after his Certificate shall have been allowed, be arrested, or have

G 2 any

Partner not g discharged.

In what case Certificate to be signed by Four fifths in Number and Value \ of Creditors above 20/.

In what case by Three fifths in Number and Value, or Nine tenths in Number.

Proviso for Petition for Allowance of Certificates presented under Stat..

5 G.4. c. 9S.

Proof of Signature of Creditors.

Contracts and Securities to induce Creditors to sign, vpid.

Bankrupt on Certificate, free from Arre si-

SU Pvrxcl;

Certificate Evidence of Proceedings.

Such Bankrupt in Execution may be discharged without Fee.

In what cases Bankrupt's future Effects shall vest in Assignees, notwithstanding Certificate.

Allowance to Bankrupt, if 10s. paid in the Pound;

if 12s. Gil

and if ]5s .;

if under 10s.

Partner may receive Allowance though the others not entitled.

C. 16. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

any Action brought against him for any Debt, Claim or Demand hereby made proveable under the Commission against such Bankrupt, shall be discharged upon Common Bail, and may plead in general that the Cause of Action accrued before he became Bankrupt, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and such Bankrupt's Certificate, and the Allowance thereof shall be sufficient Evidence of the Trading, Bankruptc}^ Commission and other Proceedings precedent to the obtaining such Certificate; and if any such Bankrupt shall be taken in Execution, or detained in Prison for such Debt, Claim or Demand, where Judgment has been obtained before the Allowance of his Certificate, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court wherein Judgment has been so obtained, on such Bankrupt's producing his Certificate, to order any Officer who shall have such Bankrupt in Custody by virtue of such Execution, to discharge such Bankrupt without exacting any Fee, and such Officer shall be hereby indemnified for so doing.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall have been so discharged by such Certificate as aforesaid, or who shall have compounded with his Creditors, or who shall have been discharged by any Insolvent Act, shall be or become Bankrupt, and have obtained or shall hereafter obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, unless his Estate shall produce (after all Charges) sufficient to pay every Creditor under the Commission Fifteen Shillings in the Pound, such Certificate shall only protect his Person from Arrest and Imprisonment, but his future Estate and Effects (except his Tools of Trade and necessary Household Furniture, and the Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife and Children), shall vest in the Assignees under the said Commission, who shall be entitled to seize the same in like manner as they might have seized Property of which such Bankrupt was possessed at the issuing the Commission.

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Bankrupt who shall have obtained his Certificate, if the net Produce of his Estate shall pay the Creditors who have proved under the Commission Ten Shillings in the Pound, shall be allowed Five per Centum out of such Produce, to be paid him by the Assignees, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Four Hundred Pounds; and every such Bankrupt, if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Twelve Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds; and every such Bankrupt, if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Fifteen Shillings in the Pound or upwards, shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid Ten Pounds per Centum, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Six hundred Pounds; but if such Produce shall not pay such Creditors Ten Shillings in the Pound, such Bankrupt shall only be allowed and paid so much as the Assignees and Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum and Three hundred Pounds.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That in all Joint Commissions under which any Partner shall have obtained his Certificate, if a sufficient Dividend shall have been paid upon the Joint Estate and upon the separate Estate of such Partner, he shall be entitled to his Allowance although his other Partner or Partners may not be entitled to any Allowance.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16.

85

CXXX. And be it enacted, That no Bankrupt shall be entitled to his Certificate, or to be paid any such Allowance, and that any Certificate, if obtained, shall be void, if such Bankrupt shall have lost, by any Sort of Gaming or Wagering, in One Day Twenty Pounds, or within One Year next preceding his Bankruptcy Two hundred Pounds; or if he shall, within One Year next preceding his Bankruptcy, have lost Two hundred Pounds by any Contract for the Purchase or Sale of any Government or other Stock, where such Contract was not to be performed within One week after the Contract, or where the Stock bought or sold was not actually transferred or delivered in pursuance of such Contract; or shall, after an Act of Bankruptcy committed or in Contemplation of Bankruptcy, have destroyed, altered, mutilated or falsified, or caused to be destroyed, altered, mutilated or falsified, any of his Books, Papers, Writings or Securities, or made or been privy to the making of any false or fraudulent Entries in any Book of Account or other Document, with Intent to defraud his Creditors, or shall have concealed Property to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwards; or if any Person having proved a false Debt under the Commission, such Bankrupt being privy thereto, or afterwards knowing the same, shall not have disclosed the same to his Assignees within One Month after such Knowledge.

CXXXI. And be it enacted, That no Bankrupt after his Certificate shall have been allowed under any present or future Commission, shall be liable to pay or satisfy any Debt, Claim or Demand, from which he shall have been discharged by virtue of such Certificate, or any Part of such Debt, Claim or Demand, upon any Contract, Promise or Agreement made or to be made after the suing out of the Commission, unless such Promise, Contract or Agreement be made in Writing, signed by the Bankrupt, or by some Person thereto lawfully authorized in Writing by such Bankrupt.

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Assignees shall, upon Request made to them by the Bankrupt, declare to him how they have disposed of his Real and Personal Estate, and pay the Surplus, if any, to such Bankrupt, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and every such Bankrupt, after the Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall have been paid, shall be entitled to recover the Remainder of the Debts due to him; but the Assignees shall not pay such Surplus until all Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall have received Interest upon their Debts, to be calculated and paid at the Rate and in the Order following; (that is to say,) all Creditors whose Debts are now by Law entitled to carry Interest, in the Event of a Surplus, shall first receive Interest on such Debts at the Rate of Interest reserved or by Law payable thereon, to be calculated from the Date of the Commission, and after such Interest shall have been paid, all other Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall receive Interest on their Debts from the Date of the Commission, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That at any Meeting of Creditors after the Bankrupt shall have passed his last Examination, (whereof and of the Purport of which Twenty one Days' Notice shall have been given in the London Gazette), if the Bankrupt or his Friends

G 3 shall

In what Case Bankrupt not entitled to Certificate, &c.

Bankrupt not liable upon Promise to pay Debt discharged by Certificate, unless in Writing.

Assignees, in case of Surplus, shall account and pay it to the Bankrupt.

In case of a Surplus, all Debts to carry Interest at Rates herein mentioned.

Nine tenths in Number and Value of Creditors may accept a Compo

SG

0. I 6.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Mode of voting in deciding upon such Composition.

sition which shall make an Oiler of Composition or Security for such Com-shall bind die Position, which Nine tenths in Number and Value of the Cre-thX/u'^'Hrfhiors assembled at such Meeting shall agree to accept, another Meeting for the Purpose of deciding upon such Offer shall be *} $> 1 ^7'appointed, whereof such Notice as aforesaid shall be given; and Commission / if at such Second Meeting Nine tenths in Number and Value of superseded. the Creditors then present shall also agree to accept such Offer, the Lord Chancellor shall and may, upon such Acceptance being testified by them in Writing, supersede the said Commission.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That in deciding upon such Offer as aforesaid, any Creditor whose Debt is below Twenty Pounds shall not be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value; and that any Creditor to the Amount of Fifty Pounds and upwards, residing out of England, shall be personally served with a Copy of the Notice of the Meeting to decide upon such Offer as aforesaid, and of the Purpose for which the same is called, so long before such Meeting as that he may have Time to vote thereat; and such Creditor shall be entitled to vote by Letter of Attorney, executed and attested in Manner hereby required for such Creditors voting in the Choice of Assignees; and if any Creditor shall agree to accept any Gratuity or higher Composition for assenting to such Offer, he shall forfeit the Debt due to him, together with such Gratuity or Composition; and the Bankrupt shall (if thereto required) make Oath before the Commissioners that there has been no such Transaction between him or any Person with his Privity, and any of the Creditors, and that he has not used any undue Means or Influence with any of them to attain such Assent as aforesaid.

Rules for Con- CXXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed struction of this beneficially for Creditors, and that nothing herein contained shall Act. alter the present Practice in Bankruptcy, except where any such

Alteration is expressly declared, and that it shall extend to Aliens, Denizens and Women, both to make them subject thereto, and to entitle them to all the Benefits given thereby; and that all Powers hereby given to or Duties directed to be performed by the Lord Chancellor, shall and may be exercised or performed by a Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; and all Powers given to or Duties directed to be performed by the Commissioners or Assignees, may be exercised and shall be performed respectively by the major Part of the Commissioners or by One Assignee, Proviso for where only One shall have been chosen; and that nothing herein subsisting contained shall render invalid any Commission of Bankruptcy now

Commissions. subsisting or which shall be subsisting at the Time this Act shall

j j_L f- ilJt take Effect, or any Proceedings which may have been had thereat ' - — - — — - — '

tC under, or affect or lessen any Right, Claim, Demand or Remedy

. On o /n wbnr*h tiny Pprcnn nnw hue thprpnnrlpr nr linnn nr ucrnincf nnv

Act not to extend to Scotland or Ireland.

[Commencement of Act.]

9 6 A

which any Person now has thereunder, or upon or against any Bankrupt against whom any Commission has or shall have issued, except as is herein specifically enacted; and that this Act shall not extend either to Scotland or Ireland, except where the same are expressly mentioned.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not take Effect before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; save and except that the Repeal of the Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 16, 17.

87

hereby repealed, and all Enactments herein contained relating to Certificates of Conformity, shall take Effect upon the passing of this Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of Pits Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors.

[2d May 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth, and Forty seventh ' Years of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; after reciting an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and f Fortieth Years of the Reign of His then present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and i Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being; and also reciting an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His then present Majesfcy's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of' the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being, it was by the now reciting Act enacted, that in all Cases in which his Majesty, His Fleirs or Successors, should in Right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors,

4 Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by Escheat for want of Fleirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture, or by rea-6 son that the same had been or should be purchased by or for the Use of or in Trust for any Alien or Aliens, it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His or Their Sign Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution of any Trusts or Purposes to which the same might have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts thereof, or of any Rents or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and for such Purposes as is therein authorized and directed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Act should be enlarged and extended, for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to make Grants in certain other Cases not provided for by the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

G 4 of

59 G.3. c. 94. § 1-

SO & 40 G.S. c. 8S.

47 G.S. Ssss. 2. c. 2 4.

C. 17.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

In Cases where His Majesty becomes entitled to Leasehold Manors, &c. either by Forfeiture, or by reason of being purchased for Aliens, His Majesty may direct the Execution of Grants of such Manors, &c. for any of the Purposes herein mentioned.

of the same, That in all Cases in which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, hath or shall in Right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled to any Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by reason of any Forfeiture, or b}^ reason that the same have been or shall be purchased by or for the Use of or in Trust for any Alien or Aliens, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His or Their Sign Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution of any Trusts or Purposes to which the same may have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts thereof, for all or any Part of the Term or Terms of Years, or other Estate or Interest for which the same may be holden, or of any Rents or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any Trustee or Trustees, or otherwise, for the Execution of any such Trusts or Purposes, or to any Person or Persons for the Purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Estates the same had been, or of carrying into Effect any intended Grant, Demise, Assignment or Bequest of any such Person or Persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family, making Discovery of any such Forfeiture, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall seem fit; or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any Part of the Term or Terms of Years, or other Estate or Interest for which the same may be holden, to any Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family, making such Discovery as aforesaid, or being of the Family, or considered or adopted as Part of the Family, of any Alien or Aliens, or to any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property the same have been, or being of the Family, or considered or adopted as Part of the Family of any such last mentioned Person or Persons, and his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, according to the Nature and Quality of the said Leasehold Estates, unconditionally, or in Consideration of Money to be paid either at or before the Execution of such Grant or Grants, or at any Time or Times subsequent thereto, and to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, FJis Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased to direct; and such Money, if not paid at the Execution of such Grant or Grants, to be a Charge upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for all or such Part of the Term or Terms of Years, or other Estate or Interest for which the same maybe holden which shall be so granted, and to be secured by way of Mortgage or Trust, or in any other Manner, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall think proper Gr be advised, and such Money to be applied for any of the Purposes of this Act; or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, for all or any Part of the Term or Terms of Years, or other Estate or Interest for which the same may be holden, unto

any

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 17.

89

any Trustee or Trustees, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, according to the Nature and Quality thereof, in Trust to be sold, in such Manner as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased to direct; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to direct the Rents and Profits of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and "Hereditaments, for all or any Part of the Term or Terms of Years, or other Estate or Interest for which the same may be holden, and the Money to arise by any Sale or Sales, or to be produced by any of the Means aforesaid, to be applied in Payment of any Costs, Charges and Expences incident to any Commission or Commissions for finding the Title of His Majesty, and to the making of any such Grant, and for carrying the same or any Trusts or Provisions thereof into Execution, or in rewarding any Person or Persons, or the Family of any Person or Persons, making a Discovery of any such Forfeiture, or Purchase by an Alien, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto, or in discharge ing the Whole or any Part of* any Debt or Debts due from any Alien, or any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property any such Leasehold Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or for the Use and Benefit, in Whole or in Part, of any such Alien, or of his or her Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Person or Persons adopted or considered by such Alien as Part of his or her Family, or of any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property any such Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or his, her or their Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Person or Persons adopted or considered by such Person or Persons as Part, of his, her or their Family, or for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors respectively, shall seem fit; and all Grants heretofore made by His Majesty, which would under the Provisions of this Act be good, valid and effectual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made under the Powers, Provisions and Authorities of this Act, and as if such Powers, Provisions and Authorities had been in full Force and Effect at the Time of making such Grants; any Thing in the said recited Act or any other Act heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Leasehold Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, sold under the Authority of this Act, or any Person or Persons paying any Sum or Sums of Money under the Authority of the same, or in pursuance of any Grants to be made by virtue thereof, shall not be bound to see to the Application, or be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Monies paid by them respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Surplus shall remain of any Monies which may arise from any such Sale or Sales, or which shall be paid under the Authority of this Act, by any Person or Persons, after satisfying all such Purposes as shall have been ordered and directed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be paid to the Commissioners of* His Majesty's Land

Revenue

Application of Rents and Purchase Monies as the Crown shall direct.

Former Grants by the Crown conhrraed.

Purchasers not answerable for Application of Purchase Money.

Surplus Monies to be paid to Commissioners of Land Revenue, and applied as herein mentioned.

90

C, 17*18.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

31 G.2. c. 10.

§6.

Admiralty may direct Ships to be paid at Ports where no Commissioner re-si cl esi

Revenue for the Time being, to be applied by them in the same Way and Manner as the Monies arising from the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is by the several Acts now in Force for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or any of them, directed to be applied and disposed of.

C A R XVIII.

An Act to make further Provision for the Payment of the Crews of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels.

[2d May 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Thirty first W Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen em-

ployed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method ' for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages;

and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing 6 Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; it is, amongst other Provisions for the due Payment of the Navy, enacted, that whensoever and as soon as any Ship or Vessel of I-Iis Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, having been Twelve whole Months or more in Sea Pay, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, the Commissioners of the Navy at their Board shall solicit such Sums of Money as shall be sufficient, and as soon as the same shall be issued, shall cause immediate Payment to be made of k all the Wages due upon the Pay Books (therein before directed to be transmitted to the said Commissioners) to all such Officers and Seamen, their Executors and Administrators, or to their respective Attorney or Attornies duly authorized as thereinafter directed, deducting thereout whatever Monies shall have been paid before by way of Advance, or that shall stand against

them in the Books of such Ships or Vessels on account of any Defalcation, leaving always Six Months' Wages and no more due to such Officers and Seamen for their Service in such Ship or Vessel unpaid and in arrear: And Whereas it has since been found convenient and expedient that His Majesty's Ships and Vessels shall be occasionally paid at Ports and Places where a Commissioner of the Navy shall not be or reside, and it is necessary that a proper and discretionary Authority should be given to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of this United Kingdom, to order Payments to be made at any such Ports or Places when found expedient for the Public Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, as often as they may think convenient and expedient that any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels shall be paid at a Port where a Commissioner of the Navy shall

not

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 18.

91

not be or reside, to signify their Directions in Writing for that Purpose to the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, who shall thereupon take the proper Steps for causing Payments to be made accordingly by the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy, in the usual Manner, in the Presence of a Commissioner of the Navy to be sent thither for that Purpose, or other Officer to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, and of the proper Clerks of the Navy Office.

II. And Whereas it may be expedient to pay the Crews of Ships on their Arrival at the Port, or previous to sailing from 6 thence, under Circumstances which will not admit of the Delay which must necessarily occur in sending the Pay Books of such Ship or Vessel to the Navy Office to be examined previously to 6 Payment being made thereupon, as is required by the said recited Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Cases of Urgency, as they shall see necessary, to cause Payment to be made upon such Books without the previous Examination thereof as aforesaid; but it is nevertheless hereby required and directed that the said Books shall, immediately after Payment shall have been so made thereon, be transmitted to the Navy Office, for the Purpose of undergoing the necessary Examination and Adjustment, and in order that any Charges omitted to be made, or any Overpayments that may have occurred thereon, may be set off, or abated and recovered, at the first Opportunity, from the Arrears of Wages or growing Wages of the Men in respect of whom such Omissions or Overpayments may have taken place.

III. And Whereas-it may be occasionally inconvenient and inexpedient to the public Service, at Ports where a single Commissioner may be or reside, and incompatible with his other publie Duties, that he should superintend and controul Payments of Ships and Vessels; and it may be proper that a discretionary Authority should be vested in the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to substitute an Officer to superintend and controul the said Payments instead of a Commissioner of the Navy Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, when and so often as they may deem it expedient, to appoint an Officer of the Navy, of the Rank of Captain or Commander, to superintend and controul the Payment of any of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels; and that all Payments to be made in the Presence of and under the Superintendance and Controul of such Officer, shall be held as Payments made in the Presence of a Commissioner of the Navy, and be passed to the Credit of the Treasurer of the Navy accordingly.

IV. And Whereas it has been considered beneficial to His Majesty's Service, that a certain Portion of the Pay which may be due to the Warrant and Petty Officers, not allowed to draw Bills for their Pay, and to each Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer and Private of Marines and Boy serving on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, who may be desirous of receiving it, shall be issued to them at the Expiration of every Month, or as soon after as the Convenience and Necessity of the Service may admit, on the

4 Ship's

Payments may be made, though Books are not previously examined.

Captains or Commander* appointed by the Admiralty may superintend Payments-.

92

C. 18.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Monthly Payments may be made to certain Officers and Men,

Duty of Officers appointed to carry Regulations into Effect,

and of the Commissioners of the Navy.

Payment to be certified.

4 Ship's Arrival at any Port at Home or Abroad where Money ' can be procured for that Purpose, which Regulation cannot be c carried into Effect without an Alteration of certain Provisions ' for the better Payment of the Navy, which have been establish-£ ed by the said Act before recited; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to authorize and direct the Issuing and Paymentjto such of the Warrant and Petty Officers of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels in Commission as are not entitled to draw Bills, and to the Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of Marines and Boys, who shall be desirous of receiving the same, a Portion of the Pay which may be actually due to them, in such Proportions per Month, to such Amount and according to such Rate, as shall for that Purpose be authorized and ordered by His Majesty in Council; such Payment to be made in any Port Abroad or at Home, at the Expiration of every Month, or as soon after as the Convenience and Necessity of the Service will admit; and for the Purpose of carrying this Regulation into Effect, the Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby directed and enjoined to make out or cause to be made out a complete List of the Names with their respective Numbers on the Ship's Books, of such of the Description of Persons before mentioned as shall be willing to receive such Portion of their Pay, and who shall be actually on board at the Time of making out the said List, which List shall be signed by the said Captain or Commanding Officer, One other Commissioned Officer or Warrant Officer entitled to draw Bills, and by the Purser; and that the Purser of the said Ship or Vessel shall then draw, for the Amount of the said Portion of Pay so to be issued, a Bill at Three Days' Sight upon the Commissioners of the Navy, according to the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which Bill shall be certified by the Signature of the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel in the Manner prescribed by th-e said Schedule; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby directed and enjoined to accept the said Bill, and assign it for Payment in the usual Manner on the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall be entitled to take Credit for the same, and the Amount shall be charged against the said Purser, who shall clear his Account in the Manner hereinafter directed; and that as soon as Cash shall have been obtained on the said Bill, the said Portion of Pay shall be paid by the said Purser to the Parties entitled thereto on the said List, in the Presence of the Captain or Commanding Officer and a Commissioned or Warrant Officer entitled to draw Bills, and the Payment shall be certified on the said List by the said Captain or Commanding Officer, the said Commissioned or Warrant Officer and the said Purser; and that as soon after the said Payment as may be, the said Captain or Commanding Officer shall transmit the said List by the first safe and convenient Opportunity to the Commissioners or the Navy; and the Captain or Commanding Officer and the Purser shall likewise, under their respective Hands, certify at the End of each Muster Book the full Amount, in Words at Length, of the Monies which shall have been so paid during the exact Period of Time of such Book, and that the several Sums so paid have

been

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 18.

been duly charged against the respective Men's Names on such Books: Provided always, that in case after any such Payment there shall be a Balance remaining in the Hands of the Purser, he shall give Credit for the Amount thereof in the next Bill to be drawn by him for Monthly Payments, so that he shall not be at liberty to draw for more than what, including such Balance, shall be sufficient to answer the next Monthly Payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the Receipt of the said List, the Payments made thereon shall be carried to the Credit of the Purser of the Ship or Vessel by whom the Bill for the Amount shall have been drawn as aforesaid; and on the making out of the Pay Books, Muster Books, Slop Books, Pay Lists and Pay Tickets of the said Ship or Vessel, the Sums so paid shall be charged against the Wages of each Person having received the same.

VI. And Whereas it may happen that some of the Persons de-c sirous of receiving such Portion of Pay at the Time of such Payment be absent on Duty or sick, or on Leave of Absence, or ' from other sufficient Cause; Be it therefore further enacted, That on the Return to the Ship of any Individual so absent, his Name may and shall be subjoined to the next Lists to be made out for Payment, such Lists specifying the Cause and Date of Absence, and Date of Return; and in case any Individual shall be discharged to another Ship or Vessel, and shall at the Time of his Discharge be entitled to any Payment or Portion of Payment not then made, he shall be entitled to a Certificate from the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel from which he may have been discharged, who is hereby required to furnish the same, specifying the Rating of such Individual in the Muster Books of the said Ship or Vessel, and the Time for which he is entitled to such Portion of Pay, which Portion shall be paid to him on the next Payment to be made to the Crew of the Ship or Vessel into which he may have been discharged, and shall be allowed to the Purser of such last mentioned Ship or Vessel in the Account of such next Payments: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases where any of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels shall be at a Port where a Commissioner of the Navy shall be and reside, and whereat there shall be an Establishment of Clerks, having Money in their Custody for the Payment of Wages, and that such Monthly Portion of Pay hereinbefore authorized and directed to be advanced shall at that Time be due and payable, the Purser shall draw a Bill for the Amount thereof, subject to such Abatement, and certified and attested in Manner and Form as hereinbefore directed, which Bill shall be cashed to him by the Clerks to the Treasurer of the Navy at such Out Port out of the Monies in their Plands for the Payment of Wages, and the Amount thereof shall be charged by the Commissioners of the Navy against the Purser, as before directed, and the Treasurer of the Navy shall be entitled to take Credit for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Payment made on board a Ship or Vessel which, from her Establishment or other Circumstances, may not have a Purser on board, the Commanding Officer of every such Ship or Vessel shall act as and be deemed to be the Purser for all the Purposes of this Act; and that in such Case the Payment shall be made in the Presence of

any

93

Proviso respecting Balance.

Payments to be carried to Account Credit of the Purser.

Men sick or absent may also obtain Monthly Payments,

and allowed to Parser.

Bills to be cashed by Clerks of Navy Pay Office at Ports where there is an Establishment.

Commanding Officer deemed the Purser where there is not one.

94.

C. 18.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pursers to debit themselves with Premium on Bills.

Resident Naval Officers to cash Bills.

No Premium or Discount.

57 G.3. c. 20.

§ 1.

Order in Council 24th June, 1824.

Masters Assistants may draw Bills for their Pay.

any other Commissioned Officer of the said Vessel and One Warrant Officer, or if there shall be no other Commissioned Officer, then in the Presence of any Two Warrant Officers, who shall certify and attest the Lists in the Manner before required.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Purser of every Ship or Vessel, or in case the Vessel shall not have a Purser on board, then the Commanding Officer, shall debit himself, and be charged with any Premium which the Bills drawn by him in pursuance of this Act may bear, as Part of the Balance which may remain on Hand at the Conclusion of each Payment; and in case the said Bills shall be at a Discount, he shall add the said Discount to the Amount of the Bill to be drawn by him, which Discount shall be allowed in his Accounts, provided the Amount be duly certified at the Foot of such Bill, in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act: Provided nevertheless, that if the said Bills shall be drawn at any Port within the Foreign or Colonial Territories of Great Britain, where there shall be a resident Naval Officer, such Naval Officer is hereby enjoined and directed to give Cash for the Amount of such Bills at Par, upon which no Premium or Discount shall be charged or taken; and in case he shall not have sufficient Cash in Hand for the Purpose, he shall certify the same by Indorsement on such Bill.

IX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year c of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making further £ Regulations respecting the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, c in certain Cases therein mentioned, Officers and Persons of the ' Ranks and Rates therein expressed, and (amongst others) passed c Mates and passed Midshipmen entitled to full Pay, are author-6 ized to draw upon the Commissioners of the Navy at the End of ' every Six Lunar Months or Twelve Months for their Pay, as c therein provided: And Whereas His Majesty was pleased by his £ Order in Council, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of June ' last, to establish a new Class of Officers in the Royal Navy, £ under the Denomination of Masters Assistants; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Master Assistant, who shall have passed for a Master or Second Master, shall have Licence, and he is hereby authorized to draw upon the Commissioners of the Navy a Bill or Bills for his Pay, at the Expiration of every Six Lunar Months or Twelve Months, but not for a less Period than Six Months, for the whole net Amount of his Pay, in the same Manner, subject to the like Deductions, and under similar Regulations, Limitations, Prohibitions and Restrictions, in every respect, as are in the said recited Act expressed and declared with regard to passed Mates and passed Midshipmen.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 18.

95

SCHEDULE.

FORM of BILL.

His Majesty's Ship at

Day of Gentlemen,

THREE Days after Sight, be pleased to pay to or Order, the Sum of Pounds and Shillings [the Sum to be inserted

in Words at Length']; on account of the Monthly Portion of Pay due to the Warrant and Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of Marines, and Boys of the above Ship from the Day of

to the Day of

£ s. cl.

Here insert the fall 1 Sum due or to be [paid - -)

Deduct unpaid Balance of the Bill > for the Month of 3

Net Sum drawn for - £

(Signed)

Purser of the said Ship,

I hereby certify, That Warrant

and Petty Officers (not entitled to draw Bills,)

Seamen, Non-commissioned

Officers and c Privates of Marines,

and Boys, finsert the Numbers in Words at

Length], were actually serving on board this Ship at the Date of drawing the above Bill. Witness my Hand, at the Day of

(Signed)

Captain,

[or Commanding Officer, as the Case may be].

WE do hereby certify, That at the Date of drawing this Bill, the Course of Exchange on England was at the Rate of [insert Words at Length]. Dated at the

Day of

(Signed) A.B. 7 Resident Merchants

C.D. j at To the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, London.

No

WHEN Navy, out

ASSIGNMENT.

Navy Office, Day of

due, to be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's of the Monies received under the Head of Wages.

Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

4 G.4. c. 54.

§3.

Certain Crimes herein mentioned deemed infamous within the Meaning of the recited Act.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law as to the Offence of sending threatening Letters.

[2d May 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the

* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Benefit of Clergy to Persons convicted of certain Felorries under Two Acts of the Ninth Year of King George the First and of the Twenty seventh Year of King George the Second, for mailing better Provision for the Punishment of Persons guilty of sending or delivering threatening Letters, and of Assaults with Intent to commit Robbery; certain Provisions are made for the Punishment of any Person who shall knowingly

and wilfully send or deliver any such Letter or Writing as in the said Act is mentioned, threatening to accuse any of His Majesty's Subjects of any Crime punishable by Law with Death,

4 Transportation or Pillory, or of any infamous Crime, with such View or Intent as in the said Act mentioned, or who shall procure, counsel, aid or abet the Commission of the said Offence,

or shall forcibly rescue any Person being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other Person for the said Offence; and also for the Punishment of any Person who shall maliciously threaten to accuse any other Person of any Crime punishable by Law with Death, Transportation or Pillory, or of any infamous Crime,

with such View or Intent as in the said Act is mentioned, or who shall procure, counsel, aid or abet the Commission of the said Offence: And Whereas it is expedient to enact that not only every Crime now by Law deemed infamous by reason of the Person convicted thereof being thereby rendered incompetent to give Evidence, but also that each of the several Offences hereinafter mentioned shall be deemed and taken to be an infamous Crime within the Meaning of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as well every Crime now by Law deemed infamous, as also every Assault with Intent to commit any Rape, or the abominable Crimes of Sodomy or Buggery, or either of those Crimes, and every Attempt or Endeavour to commit any Rape, or the said abominable Crimes or either of them, and also every Solicitation, Persuasion, Promise, Threat or Menace, offered or made to any Person, whereby to move or induce such Person to commit or to permit the said abominable Crimes or either of them, shall be deemed and taken to be an infamous Crime within the Meaning of the said recited Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[2d May 1825.]

[This Act is the same as 5 G.4. c. 31. except as to Dates.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 21.

97

CAP. XXI. An Act to amend an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the

Metropolis.

[20th May 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of His YV present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the more ffectucil Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for Seven Years, the yearly Salary payable to each of the Justices appointed under the said Act is fixed at Six hundred Pounds:

And Whereas it is expedient to increase the said Salary Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to pay to each of the Justices appointed or to be appointed under the said Act, such yearly Salary as shall be directed by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Twenty five.

II. And Whereas by the said recited Act the Chief Magistrate ' of the Public Office in Bow Street is empowered to administer

to the Officers of the said Office, and to the Horse and Foot ' Patrol acting under the Orders of the said Chief Magistrate, an Oath duly to execute the Office of Constable within the Counties ' of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex and Kent; and each of the Persons ' so sworn is empowered to act as a Constable in the Manner £ therein mentioned; and it is expedient to extend the Powers of the Persons so sworn as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Magistrate of the said Public Office in Bow Street, to administer to such Persons respectively an Oath duly to execute the Office of a Constable within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex and Kent, and within the Royal Palaces of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and Ten Miles thereof; and that each of such Persons being so sworn, and each of the Officers of the said Public Office, and each of the Horse and Foot Patrol already sworn under the said recited Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have Power to act as a Constable for the said Counties, and also within the said Royal Palaces, and Ten Miles thereof, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Authorities, Privileges, Advantages, Exemptions, Duties, Obligations and Liabilities, by the said recited Act conferred and imposed upon the Magistrates of the said Public Office in Bow Street, and upon the Clerks, Constables and others therein employed, and on the Horse and Foot Patrol acting under the Orders of the Chief Magistrate of that Office, shall, in case of the Removal of that Office from the said Street to any other Street or Place, be used 6 Geo. IV. H and

S G.4. c. 55.

§6.

Justices *

Salaries.

§ 25.

Bow Street Officers and Patrol to have Powers of Constables within certain Counties, and within the Royal Palaces and Ten Miles thereof.

In case of Removal of Bow Street Office, Powers to eonti nue.

C. 21.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Police Magistrates may swear in Street Keepers to act as Constables.

Wages.

Certain Offenders may be adjudged to hard Labour, f Sic.

Summons to appear at any Place without the Limits specified in recited Act, void.

Offences punishable under 3 G.4. c. 40. shall be punishable under the Provisions of 5 G.4. c. 83.

and exercised, enjoyed and performed by the Magistrates, Clerks, Officers, Patrol and others respectively at the Office to be substituted for the said Public Office in Boiv Street, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such substituted Office had been expressly named in the said recited Act and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two of the Justices appointed under the said recited Act to any of the Police Offices thereby established, upon the Application of Five of the Inhabitants of any Street or Square, or of the Proprietor of any Place of public Resort, within the Limits of the Bills of Mortality and the Parishes therein enumerated, to appoint a competent Number of Persons, recommended by such Inhabitants or such Proprietor respectively, and approved of by such Justices, to be Constables, to keep the Peace within such Street or Square, or such Place of public Resort, and the Avenues leading thereto, for such Period of Time as such Justices shall deem fit and necessar} ^, and to administer an Oath to every such Constable duly to execute that Office within the Limits and for the Period of Time for which he shall be appointed; and every Constable so sworn shall, within the Limits and during the Period for which he shall serve, have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed hath or shall have within his Constablewick, and shall be paid by the Inhabitants or Proprietor respectively, on whose Application he shall be appointed, such Wages as shall be deemed reasonable and adequate by the Justices by whom he shall be appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That whensoever any Offender convicted of a Misdemeanour of a fraudulent Nature under the said recited Act, shall be adjudged to Imprisonment in the House of Correction, it shall be lawful for the convicting Justices, ifhef shall so think fit, to adjudge that such Offender shall be there kept to hard Labour.

VI. And for preventing the Evasion of that Provision in the said recited Act, whereby Justices of the Peace are prohibited,

except in certain Cases, from taking any Fees within the Limits c of the Bills of Mortality, and certain Parishes in the said Act ' enumerated; Be it further enacted, That every Summons which shall, after the passing of this Act, be issued by any Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, requiring any Person residing within the said Limits and Parishes, to appear at any Place without those Limits and Parishes, to answer any Information or Complaint touching any Matter arising within the said Limits and Parishes, shall be utterly void and of none effect; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Offence committed against the said recited Act, and thereby made punishable under an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for consolidating into One Act and amending the Laics relating to idle and disorderly Persons, Rogues and Vagabonds ^incorrigible Rogues and other Vagrants in England, is and shall be punishable and punished under the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for

6° GEO. IV. C. 21, 22.

99

the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that the Form of Conviction prescribed by the said first recited Act, shall and may be altered and adapted as the Circumstances of the Case shall require.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Qualification of Persons

TT in Scotland liable to serve as Jurors should be fixed and ' ascertained, and that the Mode of making up Rolls or Lists c of Persons in Scotland liable to serve as Jurors should be c regulated, and that the Mode of choosing Jurors in Criminal

Trials there should be altered, and that Provisions should be

made for uniting Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of ' High Treason there:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Qualification every Man, except as hereinafter excepted, being between the of Jurors. Ages of Twenty one and Sixty Years, residing in any County

or Stewartry in Scotland, being qualified to serve as a Juror in Terms of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her 6 Arm- Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland; videlicet, every such Man at the Time of the Trial on which he may be required to serve having and being seised in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands or Tenements, of an Estate of Inheritance, or for his or her Life, within the County or Shire, City or Place, from whence the Jury is to come, of the yearly Value of Five Pounds at the least, or shall be then worth in Goods, Chattels and Personal Estate, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling at least, shall be qualified and shall be liable to serve on Juries in Scotland, before any Court there,

Civil or Criminal, competent to try Causes by Jury.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Peers, all Peers, Judges Judges of the Supreme Courts, including the Judge Admiral and 8X1(1 °ther Per- Commissaries of Edinburgh, all Sheriffs and Stewarts of Counties ^ecifiecTex or Stewartries, all Magistrates of Royal Burghs, all Ministers of empted from the Established Church, and all other Ministers of Religion, who being returned shall have duly taken and subscribed the Oaths and Declaration or serving on required by Law, and whose Place of Meeting shall be duly Junes* registered, and all Parochial Schoolmasters, also ail Advocates practising as Members of the Faculty of Advocates, all Writers to the Signet practising as such, all Solicitors practising before any of the Supreme Courts, all Procurators practising before any Inferior Court, having severally taken out their annual Certificates, all Clerks or other Officers of any Court of Justice

CAP. XXII.

An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland, .

[20th May 1825.]

actually

100

C. 22.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Rolls of Jurors, when and how to be made up.

Inspection

Fee.

Provision for Special Juries.

55 G.3. c. 42.

Provision with respect to the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark.

3 G.4. c.lxxviii.

actually exercising the Duties of their Offices, all Gaolers or Keepers of Houses of Correction, all Professors in any University, all Physicians and Surgeons duly qualified as such, and actually practising, all Officers in His Majesty's Navy or Army in full Pay, all Officers of Customs or Excise, all Messengers at Arms and other Officers of the Law, shall be and are hereby freed and exempted from being returned, and from serving upon Juries.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff of each County, and the Stewart of each Stewartry in Scotland, shall, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, make up a Roll of Persons within his County or Stewartry respectively, who are qualified as aforesaid, and liable to serve as Jurors; and the Names and Designations of all such Persons shall be entered in a Book, to be called "The General Jury Book," to be kept in the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk's Office of each County or Stewartry, and to be open on all lawful Days to the Inspection and Examination of any Person who shall require such Inspection, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Roll or List of Jurors, qualified as aforesaid, shall have been made up and inserted in the said General Jury Book, the Sheriff and Stewart of every County and Stewartry in Scotland shall select therefrom the Names of all Persons qualified to be Special Jurors, in Terms of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to

facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending of Trial by Jury to Civil Causes; and such Names so selected shall be entered in a Book to be called "The Special Jury Book," to be kept in the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk's Office of each County or Stewartry, and to be open for Inspection as herein directed with regard to the General Jury Book; and the Persons whose Names shall be entered in such Special Jury Book, shall be liable to serve as Special Jurors in all Civil Causes ordered to be tried by Special Juries, and on all Criminal Trials as hereinafter directed: Provided always, that the Names of Persons so selected as aforesaid for Special Jurors shall, notwithstanding thereof, remain in the said General Jury Book.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh in entering the Names of Jurors, as well in the General as in the Special Jury Book as aforesaid, shall divide the same into Three separate Parts, one containing the Names of Persons residing in the City of Edinburgh and its Environs, in so far as the same are comprehended within the Bounds of Police, as defined by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for matching, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the City of Edinburgh and adjoining Districts, for regulating the Police thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto'; another Part containing the Names of those residing in the Town of Leith and its Environs, as comprehended within the Bounds of the Police thereof; and a Third Part containing the Names of those residing in the rest of the County of Edinburgh; and that the Sheriff of the County of Lanark shall in like Manner divide the Names of Jurors as aforesaid into Two Parts, the one

containing

6° GEO. IV. C. 22.

101

containing the Names of Persons residing in Glasgow, including Anderston, Gorbals and the Colton, and the other containing the Names of those residing in the rest of the County of Lanark.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs of Haddington and Linlithgow shall, on or before the Eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, transmit certified Copies of the Lists, both General and Special, so made up by them, to the Sheriff of Edinburgh; from which shall be taken the Names of Jurors when required, as directed bj^ this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That when the Attendance of Jurors is required for Trials before the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, or before the Court of Exchequer, or Judge Admiral, or in the Jury Court when held in Edinburgh, Notices, Writs or Precepts shall be issued from the said respective Courts to the Sheriff of Edinburgh, specifying the Number of Jurors required; and the said Sheriff shall thereupon return a List taken from the said General Jury Book, in the Order in which they therein appear, subscribed by him, containing the Number of Persons required, which Return, when made to the High Court of Justiciary or to the Judge Admiral, where Forty-five Jurors are required, shall contain Twenty four for the City of Edinburgh, Six for the Town of Leith, Six for the Remainder of the County of Edinburgh, Four for the County of Linlithgow, and Five for the County of Haddington, or as near as may be in these Proportions, according to the Number required, more or less than Forty five: Provided always, that in all Criminal Trials One third of the Number required, or if the Number required cannot be divided equally into Thirds, a Number as nearly as can be to a Third, more or less, at the Discretion of the Sheriff, shall be Persons qualified as Special Jurors, and shall be distinguished in the Return accordingly: Provided, that in the Event of the List so to be taken from the General Jury Book not being found to contain the said Proportion of Special Jurors, the Deficiency shall be supplied by Names to be taken from the Special Jury Book; and this Rule shall in like Manner be observed in regard to Returns from all other Counties.

VIII. And be it enacted, That when the Attendance of Jurors at the Circuits is required, Notice shall be given by the Clerk of Court to the Sheriffs of the Counties, or Stewarts of the Stewartries within the Circuit, of the Number of Jurors required; and each Sheriff or Stewart shall thereupon return to the said Clerk a List subscribed by him, taken from the General and Special Jury Books aforesaid, containing the Number of Persons so required; which Return, where Forty five Jurors are required, shall contain Ten for the County of Berwick, Seven for the County of Peebles, Eight for the County of Selkirk, Twenty for the County of Roxburgh, Thirty for the County of Dumfries, Fifteen for the Stewartry of Kircudbright, Ten for the County of Wigton, Thirty five for the County of Ayr, Ten for the County of Renfrew, Twenty one for the City of Glasgow, Anderston, Gorbals and the Colton, Nine for the rest of the County of Lanark, Five for the County of Dumbarton, Ten for the County of Bute, Thirty five for the County of Argyle, Twenty five for the County of Stirling, Ten for the County of Clackmannan, Ten for the County of

H 3 Kinross

Sheriffs of Haddington and Linlithgow to send Lists to Sheriff of Edinburgh.

Regulation as to Numbers of Jurors to be returned by the Sheriff of each County.

Proviso as to CriminalTrials,

Regulations as to Number of Jurors required to attend at the Circuits.

102

C. 22.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso,

Provision for Criminal Trials in Inferior Courts.

Order in which Names of Jurors are to be taken.

Regulations as to renewing Lists of Jurors,

And as to Jurors in Cases of Landed Men.

No other Lists to be used.

Kinross, Fifteen for the County of Perth, Fifteen for the County of Fife, Fifteen for the County of Forfar, Ten for the County of Kincardine, Twenty five for the County of Aberdeen, Ten for the County of Banff, Six for the County of Elgin, Six for the County of Nairn, Eighteen for the County of Inverness, Nine for the County of Ross and Cromarty, Three for the County of Sutherland, and Three for the County of Caithness; and wherever a greater Number than Forty five Jurors shall be required, the Numbers in the Return aforesaid shall be increased according to the Proportions above specified: Provided always, that it shall be competent for the Court of Justiciary, as Circumstances may require, to alter these Proportions by Act of Adjournal.

IX. And be it enacted, That in all Criminal Trials in any Inferior Court, the Clerk of such Court shall be furnished with Names from the Jury Books of the County in which the Court is held, containing the Number of Persons required, One third being Persons qualified as Special Jurors.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sheriffs and Stewarts in all Returns of Jurors made by them to any Court whatsoever, shall take the Names in regular Order, beginning at the Top of the Lists in the said Jury Books, in each of the Counties and Districts foresaid respectively, as required; and as often as any Juror shall be returned to them, they shall mark or cause to be marked, in the said General Jury Book of their respective Counties or Stewartries, and also in the Special Jury Book in the Case of Special Jurors, the Date when any such Juror shall have been returned to serve; and in all such Returns they shall commence with the Name immediately after the last in the preceding Return, without regard to the Court to which the Return was last made, and taking the subsequent Names in the Order in which they shall have been entered, as herein directed, and so to the End of the Lists respectively.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or Stewart of every County or Stewartry in Scotland shall prepare, in the Manner herein directed, new and correct Lists of Jurors, in such Time as the same may be completed, and entered in Books as aforesaid, to be deposited in the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk's Office, before the first Lists shall have been completely gone through; and so soon as the whole Names contained in any of the former Lists shall have been returned to serve as Jurors, the Sheriff or Stewart shall proceed to take the Names of those required from the new Lists so prepared, beginning at the Top, and proceeding regularly to the End as herein directed; and as often as and immediately before any List shall have been completely gone through, a new List shall be prepared and entered in Books as aforesaid, and be made use of in the Manner herein directed.

XII. And be it enacted, That where a Person shall by Law be entitled to the Privilege of having a Majority of Landed Men for Jurors on his Trial, the Sheriff or Stewart, when required, shall make a Return of Names of Landed Men, in the Order in which such Names appear in the Books aforesaid, so that a Majority of the Jurors contained in such Return shall be Landed Men.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Lists returned as herein

directed

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 22.

103

directed by the Sheriffs and Stewarts to the Clerks of Court, and none other, shall be used for the several Trials for which the same shall have been required.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Instance of wilful and unwarranted Departure on the Part of any Sheriff from the Provisions of this Act in regard to the making up of Lists, and of returning of Jurors to any Court, shall subject such Sheriff in a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by summary Complaint before the High Court or Circuit Court of Justiciar}^; One Half of which Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, and the other Half to the Party suing for the same: Provided always, that no Irregularity in making up the Lists as herein directed, or in transmitting the same, or in the Warrant of Citation, or in summoning Jurors, or in returning any Execution of Citation, shall constitute an Objection to Jurors whose Names shall be served on any Person accused of any Crime, reserving always to the Court to judge of the Effect of an Objection founded on any felonious Act by which Jurors may be returned to serve in any Case contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any One of the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Time to direct to be summoned as Jurors to serve on any Criminal Trial in the High Court or Circuit Court of Justiciary, any such Number of Persons exceeding Forty five, as may be deemed necessary; and it is hereby provided, that the Warrants for summoning Jurors shall only require the Signature of One of the said Judges, and it shall not be necessary to annex a Copy of the Signature of such Judge to the List of Assize served on the Accused.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for each Person on Trial before any Criminal Court to challenge Five of the Jurors, and also for the Prosecutor to challenge live of the Jurors in all, for any one Trial, without being obliged to assign any Reason therefor; and which Challenge shall be made when the Name of each Juror is drawn as herein directed, and shall not afterwards be allowed, and such Challenge shall of itself disqualify the Person or Persons challenged from serving as a Juror or Jurors on such Trial: Provided always, that of the Five Special Jurors to be chosen, not more than Two shall be allowed to be so challenged by each Person accused, or by the Prosecutor: Provided always, that such Challenges without Reason assigned shall nowise deprive a Person accused, or the Prosecutor, of the Right respectively competent to them to object to any Juror or Jurors on Cause shewn, but declaring that if such Objection shall be founded on the Want of sufficient Qualification as provided by this Act, such Objection shall only be proved by the Oath of the Juror objected to; and it shall not be competent to take any Objection to any Juror after he shall have been sworn to serve.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in all Criminal Trials by Jury, the Number of Jurors to be returned by the Sheriffs and Stewarts to the Criminal Court shall be forty five, unless otherwise directed, as herein mentioned; and the Jurors for the Trial of any Case

H 4 shall

Sheriffs making up Lists and returning Jurors contrary to Act.

Penalty.

Irregularity in Lists no Objection to Jurors.

Proviso where more than Forty-five Jurors required.

Signature of One Judge sufficient.

Peremptory

Challenges

allowed.

Proviso for Right of Accused and Prosecutor to object to Juror.

Regulations as to Number of Jurors to be returned by Sheriffs, and how

C. 22.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

to be chosen for shall be chosen in open Court, by Ballot from the Lists of Criminal Trials. Persons summoned, and served upon the Accused; and for that Purpose the Clerk of Courtshall cause the Name and Designation of each Juror to be written on a separate piece of Paper or Parchment, all the Pieces being of the same Size, and shall cause the Pieces to be rolled up, as nearly as may be, in the same Shape, and the Names of the Special Jurors shall be put together into one Box or Glass, and the Remainder into another, and being respectively mixed, the Clerk shall draw out the said Pieces of Parchment or Paper One b}^ One from both Boxes or Glasses, in the Proportion of One from the Box containing the Names of the Special Jurors and Two from the other Box; and if any of the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn shall not appear, or shall be challenged, with or without Cause assigned, and set aside, then such farther Number shall be drawn until the Number required for the Trial shall be made out; and the Persons so drawn and appearing, and being sworn, shall be the Jury to try the Accused, and their Names shall be taken down and recorded in the Minute Book kept by the Clerk; but providing that when Challenges are made and Jurors set aside, their Places shall be filled up with other Names, by drawing by Ballot as aforesaid from the Box or Glass containing the Description of Jurors challenged respectively: Proviso. Provided that where the Accused is a Landed Man, and a Return

of Jurors made accordingly, a Majority of the Jury for Trial shall be taken by Ballot from the List of Landed Men returned by the Sheriff, as herein directed, and the Remainder from the List of Jurors not Special, subject always to Challenge as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Jurors chosen for any particular Trial may, when that Trial is disposed of, without any' new Ballot, serve on the Trials of other Persons accused; provided such Persons and the Prosecutor consent thereto, and provided also, that the Names of such Jurors are contained in the List of Assize served on the Accused, and that such Jurors are duly sworn to serve on each successive Trial.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Courts fore-said shall respectively have Power to excuse any One or more Jurors from serving on any Trial or Trials, the Grounds of such Excuse being stated in open Court.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Verdicts in the High Court or Circuit Court of Justiciary, and in the Court of the Judge Admiral, and of any Inferior Judge, whether the Jury are unanimous or not, and whether upon a Consultation in the Jury Box or after having retired and been enclosed, shall be returned by the mouth of the Chancellor of the Jury, unless when the Court shall direct written Verdicts to be returned; and the same Rules shall apply in regard to the receiving of such Verdicts as are observed in the Case of unanimous Verdicts in the Courts of

Proviso. Justiciary: Provided always, that in all Cases of Verdicts being

returned by the Mouth of the Chancellor of the Jury, where the Jury shall not be unanimous in their Verdict, the Chancellor shall announce the same, so that an Entry thereof may be made in the Record; and provided also, that when in such Case a Jury is inclosed, none of the Jurors shall be allowed to separate or to hold

Jurors chosen for one Trial may continue to serve on others.

Jurors may be excused.

Regulations as to Verdicts.

6° GEO. IV. C. 22.

105

Communication with other Persons, until their Verdict shall have been returned in their Presence by the Mouth of their Chancellor.

XXI. And Whereas in Cases of High Treason, and Misprisions of High Treason, a sufficient Number of Jurors for the Grand and Petty Juries cannot be had in some Counties of Scotland, and in others there is no suitable Court House or proper Means for conducting Trials in such Cases; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases of High Treason or Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, under any Commission of Oyer and Terminer that shall be issued by his Majesty, the Counties of Edinburgh, Haddington and Linlithgovo, shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Edinburgh, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Roxburgh, Berwick> Selkirk and Peebles shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Roxburgh, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Roxburghshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the County of Dumfries and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Dumfries, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Dumfriesshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Ayr and Wigton shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Ayr, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Ayrshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Argyle and Bute shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Argyle, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Argyllshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Lanark, Dumbarton and Renfrew shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Lanark, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Lanarkshire shall be''held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Stirling, Clackmannan and Kinross shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Stirling, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Stirlingshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Perth, Forfar and Fife shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Perth, whereof the Sheriff* Depute of Perthshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Aberdeen, Barf? and Kincardine shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Aberdeen, whereof the Sheriff Depute of Aberdeenshire shall be held to be Sheriff; the Counties of Inverness, Ross and Cromarty, Elgin and Nairn, Sutherland and Caithness, and the Stewartries of Orkney and Zetland, shall be held to be One County, under the Description of the County of Inverness, where* of the Sheriff Depute of Invernessshire shall be held to be Sheriff: And it is hereby provided and declared, that it shall and may be lawful for any such Commission of Oyer and Terminer to sit in any Town or Place in any of the several Counties so held to be One County, whereof the County in which the Treason or Misprision of Treason may have been committed is One, and there to inquire into and determine all Treasons and Misprisions of Treason committed in any of the several Counties so held to be One Coun ty, in the same Way as such Commission might inquire into and determine any Treasons or Misprisions of Treason committe d in the Place or County in which such Commission may so sit; and upon Precepts being issued by any such Commission of

Regulations as to Union of Counties for Trials in Cases of High Treason.

106

C. 22, 23.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso.

8 G.4. c. 85. repealed.

[Commencement of Act.]

Oyer and Terminer, to any of the foresaid Sheriffs or their Substitutes respectively of Edinburgh y Roxburgh, Dumfries, Ayr, Argyle, Lanark, Stirling, Perth, Aberdeen or Inverness, such Sheriff* or his Substitute shall be entitled to require that certified Copies of all Lists of Juries made up within the several Counties of which he is to be held as Sheriff be transmitted to him, and he shall thereupon return such a Number of qualified Persons to serve on Grand and Petit Juries as shall be required pursuant to the said Commission; and the said Sheriffs shall in virtue of said Precepts give Notice to all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Chief Constables, Ministers and Officers of the said Counties, to do and execute such Things as shall be required of them; for all which Purposes, and for performing whatever else may be required of them b}^ the said Commission, the Warrant of any such Sheriff or his Substitute shall be equally good and effectual within the said several Counties of which he is hereby declared to be Sheriff, as if such Warrant had applied only to the particular County over which the Jurisdiction of such Sheriff in other respects extends: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to apply to Trials of High Treason or Misprision of High Treason, save and except in so far as relates to the Union of Counties hereinbefore made.

XXII. And be it enacted, That an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allots peremptory Challenge of Jurors in Criminal Trials in Scotland, shall be held as repealed from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, when this Act, and the several Clauses, Provisions apd Regulations, herein contained, shall commence and take effect.

20G.2. c, 4S. §40.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Stewart and Burgh Courts of Scotland.

[20th May 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the W Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in Scotland, and making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof and restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making i more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice ' throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the Kings 6 Courts and Judges there, the Court of Session in Scotland is ' directed and required to take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge reasonable to be paid to the Clerks or other Officers officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Courts of Sheriffs or Stewarts, in Civil Causes, and regulate the same by One or more Act or Acts of Sederunt, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, which shall be binding upon all Parties concerned, unless and until the same shall be altered by Act of Parliament; and the Court of Justiciary shall in like Manner take into their Consideration wiiat Fees they shall judge reasonable to be paid to the Clerks or other Officers officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Sheriff or Stewart Courts, in Criminal Cases, and shall

regulate

6° GEO. IV.

C, 23.

107

regulate the same by One or more Acts of Adjournal, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March, which shall in like Manner be binding on all Parties concerned, unless or until the same shall be altered by Act of Parliament: And Whereas pursuant to the foresaid Act of his said Majesty King George the Second, the Lords of Session, by Act of Sederunt, passed on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, did regulate the Fees payable to the said Officers in Civil Causes; and also the Court of Justiciary in like Manner, by Act of Adjournal passed on the Twenty first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, regulated the Fees payable to the said Officers in Criminal Causes: And Whereas no Power was given by the above recited Act to revise from time to time the Fees so regulated, and the same have become in consequence unsuitable: And Whereas by a Warrant under the Sign Manual of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of his late Majesty King George the Third, dated the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, Commissioners were appointed for enquiring into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice of the Courts of Scotland, and for reporting what Regulations might be fit to establish respecting the same; which Commissioners have accordingly made several Reports, which have been laid before Parliament, and in which it is recommended that certain Regulations with respect to Fees and otherwise should be made in regard to the Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland; and it is therefore expedient that Power should be given to the said Court of Sessions and Justiciary, to revise the foresaid Acts of Sederunt and Adjournal respectively, and to amend and regulate the said Fees in the said Sheriff and Stewart Courts, and also in the Burgh Courts in Scotland; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Power shall be given to the Court of Session in Scotland, and the said Court is hereby directed, required and empowered, to revise the said Act of Sederunt passed on the said Sixteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and of new to take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge reasonable hereafter to be exacted by the Clerks, or by the Practitioners or Officers in the Courts of Sheriffs and Stewarts, in Civil Causes, and in all the various Departments of Business in use to be exercised by them, or which may be hereafter from time to time committed to them, and to regulate the same by One or more Act or Acts of Sederunt to be passed from time to time as the Court shall see Cause, the said Court in so doing always taking into Consideration the Report of the said Commissioners hereinbefore mentioned in that Behalf; and the Court of Justiciary are hereby directed, required and empowered in like Manner to revise the said Act of Adjournal passed on the Twenty first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and of new to take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge reasonable

hereafter

Courts of Session and Justiciary to revise Act of Sederunt and Act of Adjournal made in 1748, as to Fees in Sheriffs1'' and Stewarts* Courts.

108

C. 23.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Court of Session to frame Regulations as to abridging Extracts, and for the Consignation of Money.

50 G.3. c. 112.

Proviso for Persons at present holding Office of Clerk in Court for Life.

Five Sheriffs Depute to be appointed to report Regulations:

Whereupon Regulations to be established by Act of Sederunt,

hereafter to be paid to the Clerks, Practitioners or Officers in Sheriffs' or Stewarts' Courts, in Criminal Causes, and to regulate the same, as also the Course of Proceeding in Criminal Causes before the same, by One or more Act or Acts of Adjournal to be passed by them from time to time as they shall see Cause; which Fees, as regulated by the said Courts respectively, shall be binding on all Parties concerned, unless, or until the same be altered by any new Act or Acts of Sederunt or Adjournal, which the said Court of Session or Court of Justiciary may see proper and necessary to pass in Time coming.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Court of Session shall and they are hereby authorized and required to frame, or to cause to be framed, proper and suitable Regulations for abridging the Forms of Extract of the Decrees of the said Sheriff and Stewart Courts, and also for Consignation in a public Bank or Banking Company of Monies received by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, or any other Person, by reason of any Proceeding in any such Sheriff or Stewart Court, regard being always had to the Forms for Extract prescribed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court: Provided always, that during the Lifetime of any Person at present holding for Life the Office of Clerk in any such Court, or so long as any such Clerk shall hold his Office, whose Emoluments may be affected by any such Regulations or Table of Fees, no such Clerk shall be bound to accept the same in lieu of the Fees or Emoluments to which he is now legally entitled, unless he thinks fit so to do; and all such Regulations and Fees so to be framed and settled, shall be established in such Manner as to be postponed during the Lifetime of any such Clerk, or so long as he shall hold the same, unless such Clerk shall at any Time agree to accept the Fees so to be settled and fixed, as appertaining to his Office, in lieu of the Fees and Emoluments to which such Clerk is now legally entitled, in which Case he shall thereafter be bound and obliged to accept the same.

III. And for the better accomplishing the Purposes aforesaid, be it enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the said Court of Session shall, and the said Court is hereby directed and required to appoint, by a Commission, duly executed by that Court, Five Sheriffs Depute, for the Purpose of reporting to the said Court, and to the said Court of Justiciary respectively, such Regulations and such Tables of Fees in the several Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, as in their Opinion ought to be established therein; the said Court in so doing taking into Consideration the Reports of the said Commissioners in that behalf.

IV. And be it enacted, That after a Report or Reports shall be made by the said Five Sheriffs to the said Court of Session and Court of Justiciary respectively, as to the several Matters and Things upon which they shall be directed to report, it Shall and may be lawful for the said Courts, or either of them, if they think fit, to require Explanations or Information relative to any Part of

6° GEO. IV. C. 23.

109

such Report or Reports, and to have Conferences thereupon with the said Sheriffs; and after being well and ripely advised in that behalf, and after having afforded an Opportunity for all Persons interested to be heard if they think fit, and also His Majesty's Advocate in behalf of the Public, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Session, by any Act or Acts of Sederunt, to make and establish Rules and Regulations, and a Table of Fees for each of the said Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Civil Causes, and the several Persons holding Offices and discharging Duties therein, or Person practising before the same, with respect to all or any of the Matters and Things aforesaid; and in like Manner it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Justiciary, by any Act or Acts of Adjournal, to make and establish such Rules and Regulations, and a Table of Fees for each of the said Sheriff and Stewart Courts in Criminal Causes, and the several Persons holding Offices or discharging Duties therein in such Cases, and all Persons practising before the same therein.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Copy of every such Act of Sederunt and Act of Adjournal, together with every Regulation and Table of Fees to which it may or shall refer, shall be transmitted by the Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice Clerk respectively, to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause a Copy thereof to be laid before each House of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session thereof; and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of such Session, every such Act of Sederunt or Act of Adjournal, and Regulation and Table of Fees established thereby, shall become in force; and thereafter every such Fee shall, according to the Terms of such Act of Sederunt or Act of Adjournal, be and be deemed and taken to be a legal Fee, and payable and receivable as such in the Manner therein directed, and no other Fee shall be held to be legal or payable in any Case whatsoever; regard being always had to the Provision hereinbefore made with respect to any Clerk in any of the said Courts holding his Office for Life, and without Prejudice nevertheless to the Payment of any Fee specially established b}r any Act or Acts of Parliament, as applicable to any particular Charge or Description of Causes to which any such Act shall or may relate.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Person who has been appointed since the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or who shall hereafter be appointed a Clerk in the said Sheriff or Stewart Courts, shall discharge the Duties of the said Office personally.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Act of Sederunt, and every such Act of Adjournal, and the Regulations thereby made, and the Table of Fees thereby established for the said Sheriff and Stewart Courts, shall apply to and receive Effect in the Courts of Royal Burghs in Scotland, equally as in the Sheriff and Stewart Courts in Scotland; and the same shall extend to every Person holding any Office, or discharging any Duty, or practising before any such Burgh Court; Provided always, that the present Clerks of Royal Burghs shall have the same

Option

and Court of Justiciary may do the like by Act of Adjournal.

Copy of such Act to be transmitted to the Secretary of State, and laid before Parliament.

Proviso as to present Clerk in Court for Life.

Sheriff Clerk to act in Person.

Regulations to extend to Burgh Courts.

C. 23, 24.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Present Clerks to have Option of Acceptance.

Copies of Acts of Sederunt, &c. transmitted to Sheriff and Burgh Courts.

Qualification of Sheriffs or Stewarts Substitute.

21 G.2. c. 19.

§ 10, 11. Sheriffs or Stewarts Substitute not to act as Procurator before any Court in their County Court, or be in Partnership with any Person so practising.

Sheriff may determine certain Civil Causes

Option in regard to accepting such Table of Fees, which is declared by this Act to be competent to Sheriff and Stewart Clerks.

VIII. And for the better Guidance of all Parties concerned, be it enacted, That so soon as any Act of Sederunt or Act of Adjournal shall have been transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Home Department as before directed, the Lord President and the Lord Justice Clerk respectively shall cause a Copy of every such Act of Sederunt or Act of Adjournal to be transmitted to the Sheriff or Stewart of every County and Stewartry, and to the Magistrates of every Royal Burgh in Scotland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall be appointed a'Sheriff or Stewart Substitute of any County or Stewartry in Scotland, who shall not be an Advocate of Three Years' standing at the least, or a Clerk to His Majesty's Signet, ora Solicitor before the Supreme Courts in Scotland, or a Procurator admitted to practise before a Sheriff Court in Scotland, and who shall not have been admitted to practise as such Clerk to the Signet, Solicitor or Procurator, for at least Three Years previous to his Appointment; and that no Commission appointing any such Person a Sheriff or Stewart Substitute shall be valid, or enable any such Person to do any Act by virtue thereof, unless and until there shall be annexed thereto a Certificate under the Hands of the Lord President of the Court of Session, and the Lord Justice Clerk, bearing, that such Person is duly qualified, and capable to discharge the Duties of the said Office, which Certificate, after due Enquiry made, the said Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk are hereby required either to grant or to refuse.

X. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Disqualification to which Sheriffs and Stewarts Substitute are subject by an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Trial of High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in the Highlands of Scotland, and for abrogating the Practice of talcing douon the Evidence in Writing in certain Criminal Prosecutions, and for making some

further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute or Stewarts Depute and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, no Sheriff or Stewart Substitute shall act directly or indirectly as a Procurator before any Court in the County or Stewartry of which he is Sheriff or Stewart Substitute, or shall be in Partnership with any Person so practising.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

[20th May 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to render the Recovery of Small Debts more easy, cheap and expeditious in the Sheriff

Courts in Scotland May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Ex-ellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Sheriff

6° GEO, IV.

C. 24.

Ill

in Scotland, within his County, to hear, try and determine all Civil Causes and Complaints that may be competently brought before him, wherein the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Eight Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Expences and Fees of Extract, in a summary Way, as more particularly hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That all such Causes, the Pursuer whereof shall choose to have the same heard and determined according to the summary Mode hereinafter provided, shall proceed upon Petition or Complaint agreeable to the Form in Schedule (A.) subjoined to this Act, stating shortly the Origin of Debt or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which Petition or Complaint shall have a Warrant annexed thereto, agreeable to the Form in the said Schedule (A.); which Warrant, being signed by the Sheriff Clerk, shall be a sufficient Authority for any Sheriff's Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Sheriff Court, the same not being sooner than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning Witnesses and Havers for both Parties: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint, with the Citation annexed, and also a Copy of the Account, Document of Debt or State of the Demand, with the Names and Designations of the Witnesses and Havers, and a Statement of other Means of Proof, shall be delivered at the same Time with the Copy of the said Petition, by the Sheriff's Officer, to the Defender personally or at his Dwelling Place; in which last Case, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a Second Time personally, or at his Dwelling Place, upon the Words de novo being either subjoined to the original Petition, and signed by the Sheriff Clerk, or written in the Procedure Book kept by the Clerk, and signed by the Sheriff, to appear at the next Court, which shall not be sooner than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the said Citation; and if the Defender has been cited for the First Time to a Diet of Court, not sooner than Twelve free Days from the Date of the Citation, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff's Officer, in case the Defender shall not have been personally found at the Time of the First Citation, to cite him a Second Time, either personally or at his Dwelling Place, to the same Diet of Court on the Authority of the original Warrant, and without previously returning an Execution of the First Citation: Provided that such Second Citation shall not be given sooner than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the First Citation, nor later than upon the Sixth Day before the Diet of Court to which the Defendant is so cited for the Second Time; and the Officer summoning shall in all Cases return an Execution of Citation, signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That where an Officer of Court shall be required by any Party, whether Pursuer or Defender, to cite any Persons as Witnesses or Havers, he shall be obliged to lodge a written Execution of every such Citation in the Clerk's hands, at nr before the Diet of Court to which the Witnesses have been summoned, or otherwise to verify in Court the Execution

of

in a summary Manner.

Pursuers to proceed upon Petition in such Causes, according to Form in Schedule (A.)

Copy of Petition, with Citation annexed, to be delivered by Sheriff's Officer to Defender,

Proceedings

thereon.

Return by Officer.

Officer of Court to lodge written Execution in Clerk's Hands, when required by Pursuer or Defender.

C. 24.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Not appearing on Citation.

Penalty.

Sheriff to hear Parties viv<L voce, and examine Witnesses upon Oath.

No Solicitor to plead for Parties, unless with L eave of Court.

Defender failing to appear, and no cause shewn, held as confessing the Debt.

Where Decree pronounced in Absence of Defender, he may obtain Warrant to sist Execution till next Court Day,

of Citation; and if any Witnesses or Havers cited shall fail to appear, it shall be competent to the Party or Parties for whom they are summoned to apply for a new Warrant to compel their Attendance at the next Court, or any subsequent Court to which the Case may be adjourned; which Warrant shall require them to attend to give Evidence under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, which shall be awarded by the Court, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered and sustained, and shall be made payable to the Party at whose Instance the Witness was cited, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Sums under this Act, without Prejudice always to Letters of Second Diligence for compelling Witnesses and Havers to attend, as at present competent.

IV. And be it enacted, That when the Parties shall appear, the Sheriff shall hear them viva vodb, and examine Witnesses or Havers upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration, or upon Oath; and no Procurators, Solicitors or any Persons practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, viva voce, without Leave of the Court, 'nor shall an)^ of the Pleadings, Arguments, Minutes or Evidence be reduced to Writing, or be entered upon any Record, unless with Leave of the Court first had and obtained, in consequence [of any Difficulty in point of Law, or special Circumstances of any particular Case: Provided always, that where the Sheriff shall order any Pleadings, Arguments, Minutes or Evidence to be reduced to Writing, every Case in which such Order shall be made shall thenceforth be conducted according to the Forms and Proceedings in use before the passing of this Act, and shall be disposed of in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

V. And be it enacted, That if a Defender who has been duly cited personally, or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, shall fail to appear personally, or by one of his Family, or by such Person as the Sheriff shall allow, he shall be held as confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand, and Decree shall pass against him, unless a sufficient Excuse for a Delay shall be stated, in which Case and at all Times, on account of the Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason, it shall be competent for the Sheriff to adjourn any Cause to the next or any other Court Day, and to order the Parties and Witnesses then to attend.

VI. And be it enacted, That where a Decree has been pronounced in Absence of a Defender, it shall be competent for him, upon consigning the Sum decerned for in the Hands of the Clerk, at any Time before the Days of the Charge elapse, to obtain from the Clerk a Warrant, signed by him, sisting Execution till the next Court Day, or to any subsequent Court Day to which the same may be adjourned, and containing Authority for citing the Pursuer, Witnesses and Havers for both Parties; and the Clerk shall be bound to certify to the Sheriff, on the next Court Day, every such Application for Rehearing and Sist granted; which Warrant, being duly served upon the Pursuer personally, or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, in the Manner provided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for rehearing the Cause; and in like Manner, where Absolvitor has passed in Absence of the Pursuer, it shall be competent for him at any Time within One Calendar Month thereafter, upon consigning in the

Hands

6° GEO. IV. C. 24.

113

Hands of the Clerk the Sum awarded by the Sheriff in his De- up°n con^gn-cree of Absolvitor as the Expences for the Defender and his Witnesses, to obtain a Warrant, signed by the Clerk, for citing the Defender and Witnesses for both Parties; which Warrant, being duly served upon the Defender personally, or by Two Citations at his Dwelling Place, in the Manner provided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for rehearing the Cause as hereby provided in the Case of a Rehearing, at the Instance of the Defender, the said Sum of Expences awarded by the Sheriff, and so deposited by the Pursuer, being in every Case paid over to the Defender, unless the contrary shall be specially ordered by the Court.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff Clerk shall keep a Book of Causes Book wherein shall be entered all Causes conducted under the to be kept, Authority of this Act, setting forth the Names and Designations

of the Parties, and whether present or absent at the calling of the Cause, the Nature and Amount of the Claim and Date of giving it in, the Mode of Citation, the several Deliverances or Interlocutors, and the final Decree, with the Date thereof; which to be signed by Book shall be signed each Court Day by the Sheriff, and the said Sheriff.

Entries by the Clerk shall be according to the Form in Schedule (B.) annexed to this Act, or with such Additions as the Sheriff shall appoint; and the Decree stating the Amount of Expences found due to either Party, and containing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Effects of the Party, or committing him to Prison, shall be by the Clerk annexed to the Complaint, and on the same Paper with it, the said Decree and Warrant so annexed being

conformable to Schedule (A.) annexed to the present Act; which Form in

Decree and Warrant so written out, being signed by the Clerk, Sched. (A.)

shall be a sufficient Authority for Execution, Six free Days from the Date of the Decree, if the Party against whom it shall have been given was personally present when it was pronounced; but if he was not so present, Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of Six free Days, by delivering a Copy of the Decree to the Party personally, or at his Dwelling Place.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff may, if he thinks Sums found

proper, direct the Sum or Sums found due to be paid by du.e maybe Instalments, weekly or monthly, according to the Circumstances Instal-

of the Party found liable, and under such Conditions or Qualifications as he shall think fit to annex.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Decree given by any Sheriff, In what Cases according to the Forms an d Regulations of this Act, shall be onlyDecree subject to Advocation, Suspension or Appeal, or any other Form

of Review or Stay of Execution, other than hereinbefore provided; excepting only an Action of Reduction before the Court of Session, on the Ground of Corruption or Malice and Oppression on the Part of the Sheriff; nor shall any such Action of Reduction be at all competent after Expiration of One Year from the Date of the Decree of the Sheriff; and in all such Actions of Reduction, the Pursuer shall, before the Summons is called, find sufficient Caution in the Hands of the Clerk of the Process in the Court of Session, for the Payment of the Sum and Expences, if any, for which Decreet has been given against him by the Sheriff, and for

6 Geo. IV.

I

the

6° GEO. IV.

Fees.

Members of College of Justice not exempt.

Sheriff to ordain Expences to be taxed.

Construction of Terms used in this and other Acts.

A.D. 1825.

the Payment of such Expences as may be awarded against him in the Action of Reduction,

X. And be it enacted, That the following Fees and no other shall be allowed to be taken by the Clerk and Officers of Court, for Matters done under the Authority of this Act.

Clerics Fees:

Complaint and Warrant to cite - One Shilling.

Copy for Service - Sixpence.

Entering into Procedure Book - Sixpence.

For Defender's Appearance - Sixpence.

For every Oath - Sixpence.

Decree and Warrant of Execution Sixpence.

Warrant de ?iovo - Four Pence.

Rehearing - One Shilling and Sixpence.

Officer s Fees, including Assistants:

Citation and Execution - - Sixpence.

Execution of Arrestment - Sixpence.

Ditto of Poinding - Three Shillings.

Sale - -. - - Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Officer's Travelling Expence, per Mile - Four Pence.

Assistants, each, per Mile - - Three Pence.

Criers Fee:

For calling - One Penny.

A Copy of which Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk, shall be hung up in every Court Place, and in his Office; and the said Fees shall be subject to Modification in Causes of very small Amount, or where the Complaint is directed against Two or more Defenders.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff in any Cause carried on in a summary Way under this Act, on account of Privilege as being a Member of the College of Justice.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all Civil Causes wherein the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Five Pounds, exclusive of Expences and Fees of Extract, which shall in future be brought or carried on before any Sheriff's Court, not according to the summary Form herein provided, it shall be lawful for any Sheriff, notwithstanding, and he is hereby authorized and required to ordain the Expences (unless he shall see Cause to the contrary) to be taxed and regulated according to the Rates above mentioned.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in this or any Act of Parliament, passed or to be passed affecting Scotland, where the Term Sheriff or Sheriff Clerk, or Sheriffdom or County, shall be used, the same shall be deemed and taken to apply to any Stewart or Stewart Clerk, or Stewartry in Scotland.

6° GEO. IV. C. 24.

115

SCHEDULE (A.)

UNTO the Honourable the Sheriff for the Shire of COMPLAINS, That is owing the Complainer the Sum

(here insert Origin of

Debt or Ground of Action) which

refuses to pay unless compelled: Therefore the said Defender

ought and should be

decerned and ordained to make Payment to the Complainer of the aforesaid Sum of with Expences.

AT the Day of

the Sheriff Clerk for the Shire of grants Warrant for summoning the said Defender to compear before the Sheriff for the said Shire at in the Court House thereof, upon the

Day of at of

the Clock, to answer at the Instance of the said Complainer; and appoints a Copy of the Account pursued for, Document of Debt, or State of the Demand, to be delivered to the Defender along with the Citation; also grants Warrant for citing Witnesses and Havers for both Parties to compear at the same Place and Date, to give Evidence in the said Matter. J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

UPON Day of One thousand

eight hundred and I

Officer of Court, summoned the above designed to compear before the said Sheriff, Time and Place above mentioned, to answer at the Instance of the Complainer, with Certification that will otherwise be

held as confessing the Debt. This I did by

full Copy of the before Complaint and Warrant, with a short Copy of Citation thereto subjoined, as also a Copy of the Names and Designations of Witnesses and Havers, and a Statement of other Means of Proof (as the Case may he).

A.B. Officer.

AT the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and Years, the

which Day the Sheriff for the County of found and hereby finds the within designed Defender, liable to the also 'within designed Pursuer, in the Sum of with

of Expences, decerned and ordained, and hereby decerns and ordains instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution to -pass hereon by Poinding and Imprisonment after free Days J. P. Sheriff Clerk.

A.D. 1825.

SCHEDULE (B.)

No. Dates of Complaints. Pursuers. Defenders. Sums. How due. How cited. By what Officer. Interlocutors and Decrees.

N. B. — After the Name of each Pursuer and Defender, let the Letter P. or A-be added, in order to mark whether the Party was or absent

when the Cause was called; let Expences be also entered under the Head of Interlocutors.

In case of free Pardons, the Prisoner's Discharge, and in case of Conditional Pardons, the Performance of the Condition, shall have the Effect of a Pardon under the Great Seal.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for defining the Rights of Capital Convicts who receive Pardon, and of Convicts after having been punished for Clergyable Felonies; for placing Clerks in Orders on the same Footing with other Persons, as to Felonies; and for limiting the Effect of the Benefit of Clergy.

[20th May 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Civil Rights of Persons tv having been convicted of Capital Felonies, who receive His Majesty's most gracious Pardon, and of Persons having been convicted of Felonies within the Benefit of Clergy, who have undergone the Punishment to which they were adjudged, should be more clearly ascertained than is at present the case Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which His late Majesty, or the King's Majesty that now is, His Heirs or Successors, hath been or shall be pleased to extend His or Their Royal Mercy to any Offender convicted of any Felony whereby the Offender was, is or shall be excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, and .by Warrant under His or Their Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His or Their Principal Secretaries of State, hath granted or shall grant to such Offender, either a free Pardon, or a Pardon upon Condition of Transportation, Imprisonment or any other Punishment, the Discharge of such Offender out of Custody, in case of a free Pardon, and the Performance of the Condition in case of a conditional Pardon, shall have the

117

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 25.

Effect of a Pardon under the Great Seal for such Offender, as to the Felony whereof he or she was so convicted.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the 4Hcn.7. c. 13, Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act to takeaway the Benefit of Clergy from certain Persons, it is enacted, that every Person not within Orders being convicted, and being admitted to the Benefit of his Clergy, shall be marked in the Manner therein mentioned upon the Brawn of the left Thumb,

before he be delivered to the Ordinary: And: Whereas by Four several Acts, passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of 21 Jac.l. c. 6.

4 King James the First, the Third Year, the Fourth and Fifth c. 9.

4 Years, and the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Kin'g 4 & 5 W. & M.

4 William and Queen Mary; the First intituled An Act concerning c. 24.

4 Women convicted, of small Felonies; the Second intituled An Act 6 & 7 W. &M.

4 to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring other's to c.i4,

4 Punishment; the Third intituled An Act for reviving, continuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring; and the Fourth intituled An Act forcontinning several Laws therein mentioned; the like Benefit is conferred on Women as Men enjoyed by the Benefit of Clergy r And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign 4G.1. c. 11.

of the late King George the First, intituled An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful 'Exporters of Wool; and for declaring the Law upon some ' Points relating to Pirates; Transportation for Seven Years Was sub- § 1.

stituted for burning in the Hand, in case of certain Larcenies,

within the Benefit of Clergy; and by a Provision contained in an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late 19 G. 3. c. 74.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and § 3. made peramend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment petual 39 G.3.

and other Punishment of certain Offenders (which Provision has been made perpetual by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the same Reign), the Court before which any Offender is convicted of any Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, is authorized, if it shall think fit, instead of such burning or marking, to impose upon such Offender a moderate pecuniary Fine, or to order such Offender to be whipped in the Manner therein mentioned; and by the said Provision it is expressly enacted, that the Punishments so thereby substituted for burning or marking, shall have the like Effects and Consequences to the Party on whom they are imposed, with respect to any Discharge from the same or other Felonies, or any Restitution to his or her Estates, Capacities and Credits, as if he or she had been burned or marked: And Whereas the Punishment of Whipping hath been, as to Women, abolished by an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and of late 1 g.4. c. 57.

years, in the Cases of many Persons convicted of Clergyable Felony, no pecuniary Fine hath been imposed: And Whereas divers other Acts of Parliament have created Felonies within the Benefit of Clergy, and divers others have given the Benefit of Clergy in Cases wherein it was not before allowed, and such Acts have not expressly declared that the Punishments thereby authorized shall be in lieu of burning or marking; And Whereas

4 it

C. 25, 26.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Punishment of Offenders convicted of Clergyable Felonies to have the Effect of burning in the Hand.

28. Hen. 8. c. 1. revived.

IE.6. c. 12.

1 Mar. st.l, c.l.

Clerks liable to Punishment as if not in Orders.

Benefit of Clergy not to extend to Felony committed before such Allowance.

Royal Sign Manual, dated 31st Jan. 1821, appointing Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum,

it is expedient that the Benefit intended by the said Act of the ' Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty should ' be extended to all Cases of Punishment inflicted upon persons

convicted of Clergyable Felonies / Be it further enacted, That where any Offender hath been or shall be convicted of any Felony within the Benefit of Clerg)^ and hath endured or shall endure the Punishment to which such Offender hath been or shall be adjudged for such Felony, the Punishment so endured hath and shall have the like Effects and Consequences, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or she had been burned or marked according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts of King Henry the Seventh, King James the First, and King William and Queen Mary, or any of them.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act i that Abjurers in case of Petty Treason shall not have Clergy, it 1 was enacted, that such as were within Holy Orders should from ' thenceforth stand and be under the same Pains and Dangers for the Offences therein referred to, and should be used and ordered ' to all Intents and Purposes as other Persons not being within

Holy Orders; which Enactment has been considered to have ' been repealed by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the Repeal of

certain Statutes concerning Treasons and Felonies, or by an Act f passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary> intituled V An Act repealing and taking away certain Treasons, Felonies and (Cases of Premunire: And Whereas it is expedient to revive ' the said Provision of the said Act of King Henry the Eighth; Be it further enacted, That Clerks in Holy Orders, being convicted of Felony, shall stand and be under the same Pains and Dangers for the same, and shall be used and ordered to all Intents and Purposes as other Persons not being in Holy Orders; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Allowance of the Benefit of Clergy to any Person who shall after the passing of this Act be convicted of any Felony, shall not render the Person to whom such Benefit is allowed dispunishable for any other Felony by him or her committed before the Time of such Allowance, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Consolidation of the Royal Naval Asylum with the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS His Majesty was graciously pleased, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to constitute and appoint the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent to be Commissioners of the Institution called The e Royal Naval Asylum at Greenwich aforesaid: And Whereas it would conduce to the permanent Advantage of the said Institution,

6° GEO. IV.

119

C. 26, 27.

if the said Royal Naval Asylum should for ever hereafter be incorporated with, and the Buildings and Funds thereof be ' transferred to and be administered by the said Commissioners ' and Governors of the said Royal Hospital in their Corporate i Capacity Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Messuage, Tenement or Buildings, with the Land, Hereditaments and Premises now held and used for the Purposes of the Royal Naval Asylum, adjoining to the Royal Park at Greenwich aforesaid in the County of Kent, together with the Dwelling House, Gardens, Buildings, Yard and Premises nearly adjoining thereto, and in the Tenure or Occupation of Richard Smith, Esquire, Clerk of the Check of the said Royal Hospital, and all Stocks, Funds, Monies, Revenues and Arrears of every Description, belonging to or held in trust for the said Institution called The Royal Naval Asylum, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be divested out of all other Persons whatsoever, and shall be vested and are hereby declared for ever hereafter to be vested in and to belong to the Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the B, oyal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, and they are hereby fully authorized and required, to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations respecting the said Establishment and the Officers and Servants employed in and about the same, and for maintaining, carrying on, managing, providing for and directing the School heretofore called The Royal Naval Asylum, and for the Maintenance, Education and Clothing of such Children as are now in the said School, or as shall hereafter be admitted thereto, for the Purpose of their being educated and maintained in the said School, and for putting them out to the Sea Service, or otherwise, as to the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital shall seem necessary and expedient.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for extending to Scotland certain Provisions of an Act for the Relief of the Poor, in so far as the same relate to Parochial Relief to Chelsea and other Pensioners.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for Relief of the Poor, and which said Act extends only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England: And Whereas it would be expedient that certain Provisions in the said Act should be extended to Scotland, in so far as the same relate to Chelsea and other Pensioners May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

The Premises now used for the Royal Naval Asylum, &c. and all Stocks and Funds belonging to the Trust, vested in the Corporation of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital may make Rules for Royal Naval Asylum.

59 G. 3. c. 12.

120

C. 27.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pensions to Persons for Service in Navy, Army, &c. may be assigned to Parishes who have advanced Money for their Support.

Form of Assignment.

Assignment to be attested by a Justice, and transmitted to Paymaster of the Forces, &c.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Heritors and Kirk Session of any Parish in Scotland, at the Request of any Person who shall be entitled to or in Receipt of any Pension, Superannuation or other Allowance, in respect of his Service in the Navy, Royal Marines, Army or Ordnance, to advance for his Support, or the Support of his Family, any weekly Sum not exceeding the Rate of his Pension or Allowance, to be repaid by or out of the next quarterly or other Payment of such Pension or Allowance, and to take an Assignment thereof, by way of Security, for the Money so to be advanced, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Assignment to be made of any such Pension, Superannuation or Allowance, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be in the Form and to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J [naming the Pensioner or other Applicant, and stating such 9 Particulars as shall he requisitedo hereby assign to the Heritors and Kirk Session of the Parish of

the next Payment of the Pension at the Rate of per Diem [or as the Case may be'], granted to me as and payable from in order

4 to secure to the said Parish of the Repayment

of the Sum of advanced to me [or of the

weekly Sum of ordered or agreed to be

advanced to me, as the Case may he-\ by such Heritors and Kirk Session.

4 Signed by the above named before '

4 me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this

4 Day of /

And every such Assignment, attested by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of any quarterly or other Payment payable by the Commissioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hospitals at Chelsea or Greenwich, or by the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, or the Treasurer of the Board of Ordnance respectively, and made as aforesaid to the Heritors and Kirk Session of any Parish, shall be transmitted by such Heritors and Kirk Session, at least One Month before such Payment shall become due, under Cover, addressed to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with the Words Chelsea Pensioner" written thereon; or to the Paymaster of the Pensions at Greenwich Hospital, with the Words Greenwich Pensioner" written thereon; or to the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, with the Words Royal Marines Pensioner" written thereon; or to the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance, with the Words " Ordnance Pensioner" written thereon, who shall respectfully cause the said Payment to be made to the Heritors and Kirk Session of the Parish, for whose Security the Assignment shall have been made, or to the Treasurer of the said Kirk Session, in the same Manner as the Payment would have been made to the Person assigning the same, if no such Assignment had been made; and such Heritors and Kirk Session, or the Treasurer of the said Kirk Session, are, and is hereby

6° GEO. IV. C. 27.

121

authorized to receive the same, and to retain thereout for the Use of the Parish, so much as shall have been advanced and paid on Security thereof, and forthwith to pay the Residue (if any there shall be) to the Pensioner or Person by whom such Assignment shall have been made; and if any Question shall arise between the Pensioner or Person making any such Assignment, and the Heritors and Kirk Session of any Parish, touching the Amount which shall be due and payable to them by virtue of any such Assignment, the same shall be determined in a summary Way, by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and his Order and Determination therein shall be final and conclusive: Provided, that no such Assignment shall entitle the Heritors and Kirk Session to whom the same shall be made, to receive the Pension or Allowance purporting to be thereby assigned, if the Party assigning the same shall die before the Time when such Pension or other Allowance would have become payable to him, if no such Assignment thereof had been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Pensioner or other Person entitled to or in Receipt of any such Pension or other Allowance as aforesaid, shall leave his Wife or Family chargeable, or suffer them to become chargeable to any Parish, it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices, upon Complaint thereof to them made and duly verified by any One or more of the Heritors or Members of Kirk Session of such Parish, to direct, by Order under their Hands, that the next Payment which shall become due, of such Pension or other Allowance, shall be made to the Heritors and Kirk Session of the Parish to which such Wife or Family shall have become chargeable, or to the Treasurer of the said Kirk Session; and any One or more of such Heritors or Members of such Kirk Session shall transmit such Order to the aforesaid Commissioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hospitals at Chelsea or Greenwich, or the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance respectively, in like Manner as any Assignment is hereinbefore directed to be transmitted to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the Paymasters of Pensions at Greenwich, the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, and the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance, as the Case maybe; which said Paymaster General, or Paymaster of Pensions at Greenwich, or the Treasurer of the Board of Ordnance, shall thereupon, and upon sufficient Proof being given that the Person whose Pension or other Allowance shall be directed to be paid, shall have been living when the same shall become payable and would have been entitled to receive the same if no such Order had been made, cause the said Payment to be made to the Heritors and Kirk Session of the Parish for whose Security such Order shall have been made, or to the Treasurer of the said Kirk Session; and the Heritors and Kirk Session receiving any such Pension or other Allowance by virtue of any such Order, shall retain and apply the same, or so much thereof as shall have been actually expended for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Use and Indemnity of the Parish, and shall pay the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Pensioner or Person entitled thereto; and upon Receipt of any such Order as aforesaid, by which the Pension or other Allowance to be mentioned therein shall be directed to be paid to such Heritors and Kirk Session as aforesaid, the Payment

thereof

Questions as to the Amount due on Assignment to be settled by a Justice.

Two Justices may order Payment of Pensions of Persons leaving their Families chargeable, to be made to Kirk Sessions.

Proof given of the Life of such Persons.

Overplus to Pensioner.

122

C. 27, 28.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

thereof may be suspended, until sufficient Proof shall have been given to entitle the Heritors and Kirk Session of the Parish in such Order named, to receive the Money thereby directed to be paid to them.

Rates of Postage to be taken for Conveyance of Letters between Great Britain and Ireland, by Liverpool.

Rates.

No higher Rates to be charged than if sent by Holy-head.

Powers of former Postage Acts extended to this Act.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and Ireland, by way of Liverpool.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS hath been found necessary, for the Convenience and Improvement of Trade and Commerce, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between ' Great Britain and Ireland, to establish Packet Boats between the Port of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, and the Port of Dublin in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats to or from the Port of Liverpool aforesaid, from or to the Port of Dublin aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port or Ports in Ireland, over and above all other Rates payable for the Postage and Conveyance of such Letters and Packets, a Packet Postage, according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money hereinafter mentioned (the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce); that is to say, for every Single Letter Eight Pence; for every Double Letter, One Shilling and Four Pence; for every Treble Letter, Two Shillings; and for every Ounce, Two Shillings and Eight Pence; and so in proportion for every Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet sent by the Post from or to any Place or Places in Great Britain, to or from Dublin, or any other Port or Ports in Ireland, by way of Liverpool, shall be charged or chargeable with an higher Rate of Postage than such Letters and Packets would be rated and liable to pay if they were sent by way of Holyhead; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing this Act, relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets, and not repealed or altered by this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force and bd applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually,

to

123

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 28, 29, 30.

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by Application of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, except the Monies which shall Rates.

be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the same, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. ' And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons In Action for shall be at any Time or Times sued, molested or prosecuted, for executing Act. any Thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of

this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and General Issue, give the Special Matter in evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded Treble Costs, to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

[_10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Second Year of the 2 W. & M.

h Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Sess. l. c. 9.

6 Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing repealed, of this Act, the said recited Act for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the G.4. c. 6l,

L Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the §

better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, it was among other Things enacted, that it shall be lawful for the several Officers and their respective Deputies and Clerks, in, of or belonging to the said Court of Chancery, mentioned and described in the Tables to the said Act annexed, to ask, demand, have, receive, take and accept the several Fees, Payments and Sums of Money in the said Tables to the said Act annexed respectively mentioned, and none other or greater Fees or Sums of Money whatever, under the Regulations and Penalties in the said Act mentioned, expressed and contained: And Whereas the Fees payable to the Chief Examiners of the said Court, under

124

C. 30.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Additional Salaries to Chief Examiners of 300/. Irish Currency per Ann. and 100/. to the sworn Assistant Clerk of each, charged on Consolidated Fund.

Times at which the Arrears of the said annual Allowances are to be paid.

the Table Number Six, annexed to the said Act, h&ve proved insufficient for the Remuneration of the Chief Examiners: And Whereas it is therefore expedient to adopt the Recommendation of the Commissioners of Inquiry into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all temporal and ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, in their First Report, in relation to the said Offices of Chief Examiners, by granting to them a Salary of Three hundred Pounds per Annum each, over and above all Fees payable under the said recited Act and the said Table thereto annexed, and also in addition to the said Recommendation to grant One hundred Pounds per Annum to the sworn Assistant Clerk of each of the said Chief Examiners Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be issued and paid and payable to each of the present Two Examiners in Chief of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland) and to such Persons as shall from time to time hold the said Offices respectively, out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of such Consolidated Fund, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund) the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds Irish Currency per Annum, and to the sworn Assistant Clerk of each of the present or any future Examiners in Chief, the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds; the said annual Sums so to be issued in pursuance of this Act to be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear of all Deductions, Taxes and Charges whatsoever, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July^ and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, the First Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall happen next after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that each such sworn Assistant Clerk shall be appointed by each of the present and of the future Examiners in Chief of the said Court, by Instrument in Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, enrolled in the said Court of Chancery.

II. And Whereas the present Examiners in Chief of the said Court have suffered much Loss since the Commencement of the said recited Act, by the Diminution of their Income, in consequence of the Provisions of the said Act, and it is therefore just and reasonable that the said Salaries to the said Examiners and their Clerks should and ought to commence and be paid to them from the Time of the Commencement of the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid to Thomas Quinan and Thomas Fenton, the Two present Examiners in Chief of the said Court of Chancery, out of the said Consolidated Fund, the Arrears of the said several Sums of Three hundred Pounds and One hundred Pounds per Annum, from the Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Day on which the said recited Act commenced in its Operation,

up

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 30.

125

up to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, as if the said annual Sums had been so charged and made payable to the said Examiners in Chief* by the said recited Act, but only allowing to them the Proportion of the Quarterly with Allowance Payment from the said Third Day of November One thousand eigh t of Proportions, hundred and twenty three to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Retired Allow-for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent ^Chief under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person Examiners not who shall have executed the Office of an Examiner in Chief of exceeding 300/. the said Court of Chancery in Ireland for the Term of Twenty a Year Irish Years, or who shall after his Appointment to such Office have Currency, become afflicted with any permanent Infirmity, disabling him from

the due Execution of his said Office, and who shall be desirous of resigning such Office, and shall accordingly resign the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum, not exceeding the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds Irish Currency, during his natural Life, in which said Letters Patent the Cause or Ground for making thereof shall be distinctly stated and specified, and which said Annuity or yearly Sum so granted shall be paid accordingly out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by even and Quarterly Payments, on every Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of Aprils Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of October in every Year, from the Period of such Resignation, without any without De-Deduction for Fees or Poundage, the First Payment thereof to be Auction, apportioned from the Day of such Resignation to the next ensuing '

Quarter Day.

IV. Provided always, That Thomas Quinan Esquire, one of the Proviso for present Examiners in Chief, shall not be deemed entitled to have T. Quinan, such Annuity granted to him, if upon his Resignation he shall chiefExMnm-proceed to make Sale of his said Office, under the Provision con- ers sen, *^ tained in an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His Office, umler late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the 49 G. 3. c. 126.

further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices; and it is hereby enacted and declared, that the Right of Election to make such Sale, under the Provision of the said last mentioned Act, or to take and accept the Grant of such Annuity as aforesaid, under the Provision of this Act, shall be in the said Thomas Quinan.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever Proportion of any Person holding or who shall hold or shall have held the Office Salary in case of Examiner in Chief of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall Deatt^of °n during the Course of any Quarter resign or quit his said Office or chief Ex-shall die, then the Person so resigning or quitting, or the Execu- amincr.

tors or Administrators of such Person so dying (as the Case may be) shall be entitled to such proportionate Part of such Salary or Allowance as shall have accrued during such Part of the said Quarter as such Person shall have executed the said Office, or shall have been entitled to receive any such Salary or Allowance; and every Examiner in Chief who shall be appointed on the Vacancy of any such Office, shall on the Quarter Day next after his Appointment be entitled to have and receive out of the Consolidated Fund such Proportion of such Salary or Allowance as shall

have

6° GEO. IV.

Proviso for Fees of Examiners previous to G.4. c. 61.

Further Allowance of 200/. a Year Irish Currency to the Two present Examiners in Chief, out of the 10,000l. set apart by G.4. c. 61. as a Compensation for their Loss by the said Act, to commence from 3d Nov. 1823.

C. 30.

A.D. 1825.

have arisen and become due and payable to such Officer from the Date of his Appointment to his said Office.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be construed, deemed or taken to prevent the Chief Examiners of the said Court of Chancery or either of them, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, from claiming, taking or receiving or recovering all such Fees as shall be legally and bona fide due to such Chief Examiner or his Deputy, for any Business done or for any Service performed in the Execution of the Duty of his or their respective Offices, at any Time previous to the Commencement of the said recited Act, according to the Rate of Fees lawfully payable to such Examiners previous to the Commencement of the said recited Act.

VII. And Whereas the present Two Examiners in Chief of the

said Court of Chancery had purchased their Offices, as they lawfully might do at the Time of their being appointed to such Offices, and have relinquished lucrative Professions to attend to ' the Duties of the said Offices, and have suffered a considerable Diminution in their Income in consequence of the Provisions 1 of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and inasmuch as from want of suffiicent Books or Vouchers or other Evidence, they cannot proceed with Effect to ascertain their Title to any Compensation, according to the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Act; and inasmuch as there are no other Officers of the same Class, according to whose annual Income the Amount of Compensation to the said Examiners in Chief could be certified, pursuant to the Provisions

of the said recited Act: And Whereas the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, who under the said Act would have been required to certify the Amount of the said Compensation for the said Examiners, has recommended it as just and proper that the said Thomas Quinan and Thomas Fenton, the said present Examiners,

should, under the Circumstances aforesaid, receive as a Compensation for such Losses during their respective Lives, the further annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds each Irish Currency, and that such Compensation or annual Sum should commence and be payable from the Third Day of November- One thousand eight hundred and twenty three Be it therefore enacted, That each of them the said Two Examiners in Chief, namely, the said Thomas Quinan and Thomas Fenton, shall, out of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds provided by the said recited Act as a Fund to compensate the several Officers of the Court of Chancery, receive and be paid the clear annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds Irish Currency respectively, over and above all Taxes, Charges and Deductions whatsoever, for and during their respective natural Lives, and to be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Losses and Diminution of Income which they have respectively sustained or may or shall respectively sustain by the Provisions of the said recited Act, and that the said respective annual Sums of Two hundred Pounds shall be payable quarterly upon the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October in every Year and to commence from the Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty

three

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 30.

127

three, and that the, said Thomas Quinan and the said Thomas Fenton shall receive the Arrears of the said annual Sums from the said Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty three up to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, and shall receive the first Quarterly Payment of such annual Sums on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five: Provided always, that the Proportion only of the said respective Sums shall be payable for the Space of Time from the said Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty three up to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

VIII. ilnd Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions are made for Compensation with Reference to certain General Orders proposed to be adopted by the Lord Chancellor and Master of the Rolls, in Manner therein mentioned: And Whereas it is by the said recited Act, among other Things, provided and enacted, that the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, shall from time to time have Power, by Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to decrease, increase or abolish any of the Fees in the said Act, mentioned, and to direct, and authorize the Payment of new or additional Fees in Manner therein provided: And Whereas it is also by the said Act provided and enacted, that the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being,

should have Power, by Orders of the said Court of Chancery,

4 to alter or discharge any Course of Proceeding in Suits, or to direct such Process to issue, and in such Manner and Course in such Suits as shall to them seem fitting and expedient, as if the said recited Act had not passed: And Whereas Doubts may arise upon the Construction of the said Act, whether the Master of the Rolls for the Time being should join in such future General Orders of the said Court for executing the said Two lastmentioned Provisions of the said Act:' For the obviating such Doubts, be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall be deemed, construed or taken in any Manner to abridge, prejudice, take away or affect such Rights, Jurisdictions or Authorities as appertained or belonged in any Manner to the said Office of Master of the Rolls previous to the passing of the said recited Act, in relation to such future General Orders, or in relation to any other Matter or Tiling whatsoever, to which such Rights, Jurisdictions or Authorities relate or appertain, save and except so far as the said recited Act repeals or abolishes a Salary theretofore charged on the Civil List and Consolidated Fund, for the said Office, and the Receipt of any Fees or pecuniary Profits in relation to the said Office, and as Substitutes for the same the annual Salary of Four thousand three hundred Pounds payable as therein provided.

IX. And Whereas it is expedient to make more effectual Provision for the ascertaining the Income of certain Officers of the said Court of Chancery, and the Deficiencies arising from any of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His

present

4 G.4. c. 61. § 60.

2.

§3.

Doubts in the Construction thereof.

Proviso for Authority of Master of the Rolls as to General Orders, &c.

Exceptions.

C. 30.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Lord Chancellor to inquire into annual Income of existing Officers, and Deficiency therein, arising from G.4. c. 61.

Deficiency to be certified.

Lord Lieutenant may order Deficiency to be paid.

Return of Certificates and Orders as to Deficiencies and Compensations to be laid before Parliament before issuing Amount out of Consolidated Fund.

present Majesty's Reign, and for the making Compensation for ' such Deficiencies Be it therefore enacted, That at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody-of the1 Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, to ascertain, in like Manner as in other Cases is provided by the said Act, the Amount of the Gross and Net Income in the Office of each and every of the Officers and Deputies of the said Court, who were such Officers or Deputies at the Time of the passing of the said Act, and who by Petition shall have desired or may desire the same, for the Year commencing on the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, including in such Income all and every Salary and Emolument arising from such Office for and during the said Year and if the said Gross Income shall be less than the average Gross Income in the Office of any such Officer or Deputy, certified in Manner as by the said Act is required, then to inquire and ascertain in like Manner whether such Deficiency, or any and what Part thereof, arose from the said recited Act, or from any of the Provisions contained therein, or in any General Orders of the Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls; and in case it shall appear that such Deficiency, or any Part thereof, did so arise, then to certify the Amount of such Deficiency so arising from the said Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, or the said Orders; and so after the End of every succeeding Year, beginning on the First Day of Michaelmas Term, to inquire and certify in like Manner, so long as any of the said Officers or Deputies shall live, and retain their said Offices respectively and every such Certificate shall be filed in Manner required by the said Act in the Auditor General's Office, and shall be conclusive as to the said Matter; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order that a Sum equal to the Amount of such Deficiency, or such Proportion thereof as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think proper, shall from time to time be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, in full Compensation for such Deficiency, in Manner and under the Provisions and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That a Return of all Sums whatever which shall be certified under the said recited Act or this Act, as Deficiencies arising in consequence of the said recited Act or of the Regulations and Orders of the Court of Chancery, together with the Copies of all Certificates relating thereto, whether for Compensation or for Allowances for additional Clerks, filed in the Office of the Auditor General, under the said recited Act or this Act, and the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland made thereon, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Calendar Month after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament next ensuing the making of any such Order by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor as aforesaid, in Cases where such Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall be made at any Time while Parliament shall not be sitting; and in Case any such Order shall be made at any Time during the

Sitting

6° GEO. IV. C. 30.

129

Sitting of Parliament, such Order, and the Returns and Certificates to which the same shall relate, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Calendar Month next after such Order shall be made, if Parliament shall continue sitting; or in case Parliament shall not continue sitting, until any such Order, Return and Certificate shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, then every such Order, Return and Certificate shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Calendar Month after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; and no Issue of Money for Compensation as aforesaid shall be made from the Consolidated Fund until the same shall have been submitted in Parliament.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Certificate and any Payment of any Composition to any Officer of the said Court, which may have been made at any Time before the passing of this Act, for the Year commencing on the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, shall be and is hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever, any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Table marked Number Two, annexed to the said recited Act of the Fourth ' Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Fees of the c Deputy Keeper of the Rolls, the Clerk of the Inrolments, or ' any Clerk or other Person employed in the Rolls Office, should be amended Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the First Quarter Day at the Rolls Office next ensuing the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls, the Clerk of the Inrolments, or any Clerk or other Person employed in the Rolls Office in Chancery, to demand, collect and receive the several Fees stated and set forth in the amended Table of Fees to this Act annexed, for and on account of the several Acts, Matters and Things therein particularly set forth; and that accordingly the Fees marked Seventeen, Twenty and Twenty four, shall be in lieu and instead of the Fees marked Seventeen, Twenty and Twenty four in the Table Number Two to the said recited Act annexed; and that the Fees marked Twenty eight, Twenty nine and Thirty, in the said Table to this Act annexed, shall be in addition to the several Fees contained in the Table Number Two annexed to the said recited Act; and that all such Fees, the Application of any Part whereof is specified and directed by the said Table to this Act annexed, shall be applied in Manner directed by the said Table; and the Amount of such Part of the said Fees, as by the said Table is directed to be credited to the Public, and the Amount of all other Fees in the said Table contained, the Application whereof is not specified and directed in and by the said Table, shall be paid and applied and accounted for in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Provisions, and for such Purposes, as is directed with respect to the Fees allowed to be taken by the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls or Clerk of the Inrolments, or any Clerk or other Person employed in the Rolls Office, by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and as if the Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Act contained were repeated and 6 Geo. IV, lv re-enacted

Certificates and Payments already made declared valid.

Amendment of Table No. 2. annexed to the former Act, in relation to Fees to be collected at the Rolls Office.

130

C. 30.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Fees to be taken as herein described.

Deputy Keeper of the Rolls shall hold his Office during good Behaviour.

Proviso.

Court of Chancery may appoint a Person to act for Deputy Keeper by Order, for a limited Time, in case of Sickness or unavoidable Absence.

Master of the Rolls to act upon Entry of such Order.

re-enacted in this Act, and as if the Fees mentioned in the said Table to this Act annexed had been specified and set forth in the Table Number Two annexed to the said recited Act.

XIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said Table annexed to this Act shall be deemed and taken as an Amendment and Addition and as Part of the said Table Number Two, 'to the said recited Act annexed; and that the Fees mentioned in the said Table Number Two, annexed to the said Act, with the Amendments and Additions contained in the Table to this Act annexed, shall be the Fees to be taken by the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls or the Clerk of the Inrolments, or any Clerk or other Person employed in the said Rolls Office.

XIV. And in order to effectuate the Recommendation of the said Commissioners of Inquiry on Courts of Justice in Ireland, in their First Report on the Court of Chancery, in relation to the Officers of the said Court, so far as the same relates to the Office of Clerk or Deputy Keeper of the Rolls, be it enacted, That the present Clerk or Deputy Keeper of the Rolls and Records in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and every Person hereafter to be appointed to the said Office, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, hold his said Office during his good Behaviour in the said Office, but nevertheless to be always removable from such Office by the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, for Misconduct or Neglect in the Discharge of the Duties of his said Office.

XV. And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Execution of the Duties of the said Clerk or Deputy Keeper of the Rolls, in the Event of his Inability from Sickness or Absence or unavoidable Business, to discharge the same for a limited Time, in like ' Manner as Provisions are made in similar Events in the said recited Act in relation to the Registrars and Chief Examiners of the said Court Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon the Petition of the said Deputy Keeper, stating such Sickness or unavoidable Cause of Absence, to approve of a proper Person, to discharge the said Duties for a Time to be limited in the Order, either by fixing a precise Time, or by some general Words, or by reference to some Matter capable of being distinctly ascertained, or in such other Manner as the Court shall think proper, which Order shall be entered in the Office of the Registrar; and such Appointment shall not continue for any longer Time than shall be-Jnentioned and ascertained by such Order, but shall then cease; and if such Person so to be approved of for such limited Period shall act for any longer Period than mentioned in the said Order, he shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt and punished accordingly by the said Court; and upon such Order being made and entered in the Office of the Registrar, it shall and may be lawful for the Master of the Rolls for the Time being to authorize and appoint such Person so named in the said Order, by Instrument under his Hand and Seal enrolled in the said Court, to act for such Period mentioned in such Order pursuant thereto; and such Person so appointed shall have lawful Power and Authority to act during such Period, but no longer.

XVI. And Whereas it is just and expedient that the Crier

of

C.SO.

m

6 of the Rolls Court in Ireland, being employed for a larger Portion of each Year in the Business of the said Court than the Criers of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer are in their respective Courts, and having no Fees or Emoluments whatsoever other than his Salary, should be put upon an equal Footing with the Criers of the said Courts of c Kings Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That the Crier of the said Rolls Court shall receive an equal Salary with the Criers of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer; (that is to say,) the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, to be paid quarterly to the Crier of the said Rolls Court by the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls in Ireland, in lieu and instead of the Salary of Fifty Pounds per Annum made payable to the said Crier by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and under the Rules and Regulations in the said Act contained; and that the first Quarterly Payment of such increased Salary of One hundred and twenty Pounds a Year shall commence and be payable to the Crier of the said Rolls Court on the first Quarter Day next ensuing the passing of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Clerks or Examiners of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, or any and every of them, within One Calendar Month next after the last Day of next Trinity Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and within the like Period after the last Day of Trinity Term in every succeeding Year, if and whenever any such Clerk or Examiner shall be desirous so to do, to transmit to the Office of His Majesty's Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland, an Account, signed with t^e Name and in the proper Hand-writing of the Clerk or Examiner who shall respectively transmit the same, wherein shall be stated fully and truly all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, with the Dates and Particulars, there of, received by any such Clerk or Examiner respectively, or by any Person or Persons for his Use, or by or under his Authority, or with his Privity or Permission respectively, or for which such Clerk or Examiner, or any Person or Persons in his Behalf, shall have given Credit for or on account or by reason of any Fees, Profits or Emoluments, direct or indirect, of, or b}r, or under colour of the Office of any such Clerk or Examiner respectively transmitting such Account, and including all Fees and Emoluments whatsoever under any Commission directed to any such Clerk or Examiner, or under any Proceeding in any Cause or Matter which shall pass through the Master's Office to which such Clerk or Examiner shall belong; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required, to examine every such Account so delivered respectively; and such Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall certify every such Account respectively to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in such Form as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit and -proper, upon the Examination on Gath of the Clerk or Examiner whose Name shall be signed to any such Account, and of such other Person or Persons, if any, as the

K 2 said

Salary of Crier of the Rolls Court increased to 120/. a Year;

Instead of 50/. as under G.4. c. 61.

Master's Clerk or Examiner may deliver a Statement of his yearly Eitkh luments to Commissioners of Public Accounts, and on their Certificate Lord Lieutenant may order Issue out of Consolidated Fund to make up Amount of his Emoluments to 450/.

132

C. 30.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

70L for his Assistant Clerk.

Proviso.

On all References and Proceedings Sammonses to be issued by Master for each Meeting.

Clerks and Examiners of Masters empowered to take Affidavits, &c. as to Matters to be put in on Oath in Court of Chancery.

Perjury.

said Commissioners may require to be produced before them, or any Three of them, for such Purpose, by such Clerk or Examiner, and which Oath such Commissioners or any Three of them are hereby authorized and empowered and required to administer; and such Certificate shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor General or Vice Treasurer in Dublin Castle; and thereupon, whenever it shall appear by such Account and Certificate that the whole Income received or receivable by any such Clerk or Examiner in any Year ending on the last Day of such Trinity Term shall be less than the Sum of Four hundred and fifty Pounds, after Payment or Allowance of the Sum of Seventy Pounds for One Assistant Clerk to such Master's Clerk or Examiner, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to direct that such Sum or Sums as shall be sufficient to make the Profits and Emoluments of the Office of such Clerk or Examiner amount to the Sum of Four hundred and fifty Pounds, and to pay the Sum of Seventy Pounds to his Assistant Clerk as aforesaid, shall and may be issued and paid to such Clerk or Examiner, out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, free and clear of all Deductions, Taxes and Charges whatsoever: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Master's Examiner shall pay in each and very Year to such his Assistant Clerk the said Salary of Seventy Pounds per Annum.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all References or Matters before any Master in Chancery, in which it has been therefore customary to issue Summonses for the Parties to attend such Master, the Master before whom any Proceeding on such Reference or Matter shall be had shall continue to issue Summonses from time to time, and shall not in any Case or under any Pretence whatever proceed on any such Reference or Matter, unless a Summons for the Meeting at which such Proceeding shall be required shall have been signed by him, and shall be produced before him at the Meeting for proceeding on such Reference or Matter.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the several Clerks and Examiners of the Masters in Chancery in Ordinary, and all other Persons who may be hereafter appointed Clerks and Examiners to the present or any future Master in Chancery in Ordinary, while they shall respectively continue such Clerks and Examiners, and the said Clerks and Examiners are hereby fully authorized, empowered and directed to take Affidavits or Affirmations, Answers, Examinations or other Matters whatever, to be put in on Oath in the said Court of Chancery, or in Matters on Petitions in Cases of Bankrupts, Lunatics or Minors, and to administer the necessary Oaths and Affirmations for that Purpose; and all such Answers, Oaths, Affidavits or Affirmations shall be of the same Force, Validity and Effect, and shall and may be filed, used and acted upon respectively ', ' as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons swearing same shall be liable to all such Penalties, Punishments and Consequences for any wilful and corrupt False Swearing or Perjury contained therein, as if the same had been sworn or affirmed before the said Court of Chancery, or all or any of the Masters in Ordinary thereof.

TABLE

C. 30.

133

TABLE to which this Act refers.

AMENDED TABLE OF FEES which it shall be lawful for the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls, the-Clerk of the Inrolments, or any Clerk or other Person employed in the Rolls Office in Ireland, to demand or accept, for or on account of certain Acts, Matters and Things done in or concerning the Business at the Rolls Office.

17. For re-attesting all Copies of Pleadings and Records, for every Twenty Sheets of Seventy two Words which such Copy shall contain - £ s. d. 0 1 0

20. Any one Fraction of Twenty Sheets to be charged as Twenty Sheets, but not more than one Fraction to be charged on any one Copy. For every Search for and furnishing Certificate of the Pleadings filed in a Cause, with the Periods of filing the same, or of any Xnrolment of any Decree and the Length thereof, and also that any particular Pleading has not been filed or that any Decree has not been inrolled, also of the Inrolment of any Patent, Deed or other Document 0 2 6

24. Such Fees to be thus applied by the Deputy Keeper: s. d. To be credited to the Public - 1 8 To be paid to the Clerks making out every such Certificate - 0 10 2 6 For every Decree given in Chancery, when inrolled For setting down every Cause for hearing in. the Rolls Court List, the same to be collected by the Registrars on the setting down of each Cause, and to be paid over to and accounted for by the Deputy Keeper to the Public with the other Fees - 0 6 0

28. 0 5 5

29. For Tipstaffs on the setting down of every such Cause, and to be collected in like Manner and paid to Tipstaffs at the End of each Term by the Registrars For the attested close Copies of Pleadings that have been before codied in Wide Lines and of Pleadings of Forty Years' standing, and also of Suitors' own Pleadings of which Copies shall be required from the Office, for each Sheet containing the Compliment of Three Office Sheets of Seventy two Words each - -

0 1 1

30. 0 0 101

A Fraction of a Sheet of such Copy to be charged as an entire Sheet, but not more than one Fraction to be charged in any one Copy. Such Fees to be thus applied by the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls: s. d. To be credited to the Public - -04 To be paid to the Writing Clerks on each Sheet - 0 41 to the Conducting Clerks - 0 2-

0 10

134

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Secretary, at War to issue the Money required for the Pay of the Regular Militia

Rates of Pay.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, [10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon (when disembodied) in Great Britain and Ireland; and also for making Allowances of Reduced Pay in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Regular Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, while disembodied; and also Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced; and to Adjutants, Surgeons and Quartermasters, after long Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the Time being may and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of Three Companies and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem:

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem:

For each Quartermaster, where One had been appointed in a Corps while embodied at an Establishment of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diem; and at an Establishment of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten Pence per Diem:

For each Quartermaster Serjeant of the Militia of Ireland, One Shilling and Ten Pence per Diem;

For

135

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 3L

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant while no Quartermaster is appointed, One Shilling and Ten Pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two Pence per Diem:

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Drummer or Fifer, One Shilling per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Fifer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Fifer shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rates, instead^of those above mentioned; (that is to say,)

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For every Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provisional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies One Shilling and Four Pence per Diem:

For every Quartermaster Serjeant of the Militia of Ireland, One Shilling and Four Pence per Diem:

For every Serjeant, doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant while no Quartermaster is appointed, One Shilling and Four Pence per Diem:

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem: For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight Pence per Diem:

For every Drum Major, where One is ^appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem:

And for every Drummer or Fifer the Sum of Sixpence per Diem, respectively, and no more:

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Quartermaster Serjeant and Serjeant doing the Duty of Quartermaster Serjeant while no Quartermaster is appointed; Three Pounds for each Serjeant; One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence for each Corporal; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence for each Drum Major; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence for each Drummer or Fifer; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man; and so in Proportion in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Quartermaster Serjeants, Drum Majors,

K 4 Serjeants,

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Clothing.

136

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Contingent

Fund.

Paymaster allowed Disembodied Pay.

Oath.

Residence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing.

Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers or Fifers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years:

And also at the Rate of Two Pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer or Fifer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Paymaster of Disembodied Militia, being either on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforesaid Rates of Disembodied pay (videlicet), Six Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings per Diem, as the Case maybe; and the receiving and taking such Rates of Disembodied Pay as aforesaid, shall not prevent such Paymaster on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Paymaster shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

4 J A.B. do swear, That I had not between die and the any Place or Employment

6 of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Army or Navy, or Marines (as the Case may be), save and except my Disembodied Pay (of Six Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings, as the Case may be), as Paymaster of the e Militia. '

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Paymaster to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, and every Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer and Fifer, on permanent Pay of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depot as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer and Fifer, shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One third of the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers at the same Time, except in case o(certified Sickness.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then the Paymaster, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries and other Stores, under the Superintendence

8° GEO. IV

C. 31.

137

tendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymaster shall, out of the Allowance of Two Pence per Month for each Private Man, Drummer or Fifer directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, shewing the Balances remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town or Place where the Arms of any Corps of Militia when disembodied are kept, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Fifers shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which one is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then under the Command of the Paymaster; and such Quartermaster and Paymaster respectively shall render the same Returns, and perform such other Acts, as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland while disembodied, under certain Regulations Be it further enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid to the Amount under the Restrictions, and in the Manner hereinafter expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held or shall hold a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was or shall be serving therein when the Corps was or shall be disembodied, and also to every ' Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland., which shall have been augmented during the War, and which shall have been reduced to its original Establishment; (that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem;

And to a Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem;

Provided

Paymaster to issue the Money for contingent Expences, on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse,

In Absence of Adjutant, Serjeants, Sec. to be under the Command of the Quartermaster.

Militia, when called out for Training or Exercise, entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons'Mates and Assistant Surgeons.

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Exceptions.

The following Oath to be taken and produced to Paymaster to entitle to such Allowances.

Provided always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the rank of Captain Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns for the Purposes of this Act; and provided always that such Allowances shall not be received for the Days during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officers belong, is assembled for Training and Exercise.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Quartermaster, in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeons' Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet).

4 T A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the

of Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Sur-

geon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon (as the Case may he); and that I was not in my own Right or in the Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive any Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of

4 to the Day of both inclusive, in the Actual

4 Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Land, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy Orders; that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Quartermaster in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publie, or from any other Government, besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except my Half Pay as

4 a of the Army, or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia (as the Case may be),

and any Pay and Allowances from the to the

both Days inclusive, during which Period the Corps was assembled for Training and Exercise. 4 So help me GOD. '

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the

Pay-

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 31.

139

Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such Annual Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof in like Manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said Annual Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps wherein such Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon shall be serving.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon, belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

Subalterns and Surgeons' Mates, &c. to attend the annual Exercise, &c.

Commanding Officer may-grant Leave of Absence.

If Regiment not called out before Time fixed for Payment, Allowance shall be paid, on taking Oath before a Justice, without Certificate of Attendance.

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Paymasters to pay the Allowances on the 24th June, 24 th September, and 24th December ] 825, and 24th March 1826.

On Neglect of Attendance of Subalterns, being certified by Colonel or Commandant, their Claim to Allowance forfeited.

Supernumerary

Lieutenants,

&c. of Militia in Ireland augmented during the War, and since reduced, succeeding to Vacancy, entitled to Pay and Allowance under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, Surgeons' Mates and Assistant Surgeons, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, the Allowance above mentioned, for Three Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and the other Proportions of the same on the Twenty fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeons' Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in pursuance of the Laws now in Force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate and Assistant Surgeon, shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant and Paymaster by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Supernumerary Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland ', which shall have been augmented during War, and which shall have been reduced to its original Establish^ ment, shall have succeeded or shall succeed to any Vacancy which shall have occurred or shall occur in any such Regiment respectively, such Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon shall, from the Time of his so succeeding, be entitled to such Pay and Allowances under this Act, and in like Manner and to the like Amount, and under the like Restrictions and Regulations, as any Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon who shall have been serving on the original Establishment of such Regiment at the Time of the Disembodying thereof; and such Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon so succeeding shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiment when the same was disembodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that Time, and shall in all respects, from and after his so succeeding, be subject to the Regulations

6° GEO. IV. C. 31.

14* 1

in this Act contained with respect to any Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall claim and receive the Pay and Allowances under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid, to the said Allowance or any Part thereof during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to at^ Allowance, as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, A.djutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on PXalf Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Army, or Navy,

or Marines [r/5 the Case may hc\ save and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, while assembled for Training and Exercise [«5 the Case may he-\ for serving in the Militia of the County of; and that I was not in Holy Orders. '

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, Fifer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two Shillings and Sixpence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this Act to Subalterns, Surgeons' Mates or Assistant Surgeons when disembodied,

Allowance not paid while Militia embodied.

Persons on Half Pay or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the Oath herein stated.

Adjutants, &t\ Non-commissioned Officers or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions, &c.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

142

Allowance to be made to Surgeons for Medicines in addition to their Pay.

Adjutants appointed before Dec. 24, 1814, entitled to receive, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, an Allowance of 85. per Day.

Proviso.

Adjutants appointed since Dec. 24, 1814, entitled to receive, after 30 Years' Service, &c. an Allowance of 6s. per Day.

Adjutants also entitled to Half Pay or Out Pension.

C. 31.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and also an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Fifers while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have been appointed as such before the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster shall and he is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Eight Shillings a Day: Provided always, that any Adjutant who shall have been appointed since the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, upon producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Plalf Pay or Out Pension by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Plalf Pay as well as such Allowance.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 31. 143

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Quartermaster of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of Regular Militia, and who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and he is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the disembodied Regular Militia: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay or Out Pension, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out Pension as well as such Allowance.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia), from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits or Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Six Shillings a Day; but no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty fourth

Day

Quartermasters, after a Service of 30 Years, and unfit for Service, entitled to an Allowance, and also to Half Pay or Out Pension.

Proviso.

Surgeons, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive 6s. per Day.

Proviso.

Right to Half Pay preserved.

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4s. per Day till March 24, 1826.

Proviso.

Right to Half Pay.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. e, 44.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled.

26 G.3. c. 107.

Proviso.

Money for Pay and Clothing, Sec. to be issued under the Directions of the Secretary at War.

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings and others in England.

42 G. 3. c, 90.

C. 31. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits and Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Four Shillings a Day; but no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And Whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in conse-£ quence of having been reduced, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, which Allowance has been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, to be issued and paid to them under the Directions of the Secretary at War.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, and continued by any subsequent Acts, or by this Act, may receive and take such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable, together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laics relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under His Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits and Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of such reduced Allowance.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, Allowances and contingent and other Expences for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Plead.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every County in England and Wales where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, Allowances shall be made to the Clerks of General Meetings, and to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 31.

145

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Law relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings, and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets in the County of Middlesex, and any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings, and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Lord Warden and Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Corn-c wall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; ' and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, Allowances shall also be made to the Clerks of General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, and to Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to raise and establish a Militia in Scotland, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and be it therefore enacted, That the said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Amount thereof shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue these Allowances according to the Rates specified in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper; and the aforesaid Clerks of General Meetings and Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, shall transmit to the Secretary at War the Accounts, Returns and Orders upon which they claim the aforesaid Allowances, in order that the Secretary at War may give the necessary Directions for the Payment thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Surgeon of a Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia in Great Britain, and every private Medical Practitioner who shall claim to receive the Allowance granted under an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain, for their Trouble in examining into the Fitness of Men to be enrolled in the said Militia, shall transmit to the Secretary at 6- Geo. IV. L War

870.3. c. 25.

420.3. c. 72.

Allowances to such Officers and others in Scotland.

42 0.3. c. 9i.

Surgeons claiming Allowance granted by 55 G.3. c. 65. to transmit their Claim to the Secretary at War.

14-6

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

]So Pee to be taken.

Expence of House for depositing Arms and Stores of the Militia in Ireland, &c. to be defrayed by the County.

Proviso as to Amount of Rent, &c.

Proviso.

How extra Ex -pences for providing Places for depositing Arms and

War the Accounts upon which they claim the aforesaid Allowances at the several Periods specified in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.), in order that the Secretary at War may give the necessary Directions for the Payment thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay of Allowances of the Regular Militia when disembodied under this Act, may be or shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon Account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Cost of any House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms^ Accoutrements, Clothing or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation of the permanent Staff belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, (that is to say,) of the Paymaster, Adjutant, Surgeon and Quartermaster thereof, shall be defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and' which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or in the Absence of such Chief Secretary by the Under Secretary for the Military Department, and specifying the Costs incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the same, or both Costs and Rent; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, or at any Time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County; or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term: Provided, that in no Case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two Hundred Pounds Irish Currency shall be required for building such House, save only in such Cases wherein the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall think proper specially to permit or order a greater Rent or Sum, and then not more than One hundred Pounds Irish Currency yearly net, exclusive of Taxes and Repairs, or a Sum of Five hundred Pounds Irish Currency; such Permission or Order to be certified to the Clerk of the Crown by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department: Provided also, that the Grand juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such Plouse in the same Manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Ground for building County Gaols.

XXXI. And Whereas the Sums heretofore allowed to be presented for such Purposes have been in some Instances found quite insufficient, and therefore larger Sums have been expended, or larger Rents agreed for, or both; and it is expedient and

& GEO. IV. C. 31.

14-

reasonable that such extra Expences should be defrayed in

Manner aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases in which the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall deem any such Agreement or Expenditure to have been proper and necessary, and that the same shall be so certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Manner afore*-said, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County to present the same, to be raised in the same Manner in all respects as they could or might do under this Act, in case of an Agreement or Expenditure under or in Pursuance of a previous Permission or Order made under this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being (if he or they shall see sufficient Cause for so doing), to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall at any Time while such Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of His Majesty's Ordnance Stores in the City of Dublin, or to and in any such Ordnance Store, or to and in any other Place of Security in any other Part in Ireland, as he or they shall from time to time order or direct, and under such Rules and Regulations as he or they shall think fit and proper in that Behalf.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are or may be made answerable or liable under or by virtue of this Act in relation to the Militia of Ireland, shall be paid in Irish Currency, and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, where no Essoign, Wager of Law, Privilege or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps and Independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, as fully and effectually as if they were respectively and severally repeated in every such Provision, Direction, Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

l 2 table

Stores of Milit of Ireland to be paid.

Lord Lieutenant may order the Arms of Militia of Ireland to be deposited in the Ordnance Stores in Dublin.

Recovery of Penalties and Costs in Ireland.

Provisions of this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Stewartries, &v.

Continuance of Act.

143

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

PROPOSED SCALE of RATES of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of (he Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Cap. 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

ALLOWANCES TO THE CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by circular

Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) -

2. For attending General Meetings, for the Three First at

which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each -

For each Adjourned Meeting ...

Which Allowances are to be in full for ingrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Con-

stable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables or other Officers in Scotland, to return Lists, each -

4*. For writing the annual Advertisement for regulating, arranging and fixing the Subdivision Meetings

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists, and making Abstracts

thereof, Schedule (D.) for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary at War, the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerks' Accounts as a Voucher, viz.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the Original Number of the Militia -In Counties furnishing from 200 to 4-00 Men Ditto - 400 to 600 Men

Ditto - 600 to 800 Men

Ditto - 800 Men, and upwards -

6. For striking the Proportion for the several Plundreds,

Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, if then liable to serve under the Militia or

Permanent Force Acts, In Counties furnishin when necessary to be done: ig a Quota of 200 Men, or under 1 1 0

Ditto from 200 to 400 Men - 2 2 0

Ditto from 400 to 600 Men - 3 3 0

Ditto from 600 to 800 Men - 4 4 0

Ditto wards from 800 Men, and up- 5 5 0

£ s > cl

0 7 6

5 5 0 1 11 6

0 0 6

0 0 6 0 7 6

2 2 0 *

3

4 i?

3 0

4 0

5 0

6 6 0

For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained in the Subdivision Return of Enrolment (Schedule E):

For ingrossing 50 Names, and under Ditto - 50 to 150 Names

Ditto - 150 to 250 Names

Ditto - 250 Names, and upwards

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenants An-

nual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men: —

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion or Corps -

Ditto - Two Do.

Ditto - Three Do.

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant for his Signature thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks of those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of them towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

9. For Stationery: —

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the Original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men -

Ditto - from 300 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 600 to 900 Men

Ditto - from 900 Men, and upwards

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c.

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men, or under -

In a County furnishing from 200 to 400 Men

Ditto - - from 400 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 600 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 800 Men and upwards

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed. The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

ALLOWANCES TO CLERKS OF SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

12. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or f ram in a: the Advertisement

o

0 5 0

148

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

PROPOSED SCALE of Rx\TES of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Cap. 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

ALLOWANCES TO THE CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by circular

Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) -

2. For attending General Meetings, for the Three First at

which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each -

For each Adjourned Meeting -

Which Allowances are to be in full for ingrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Con-

stable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables or other Officers in Scotland, to return Lists, each -

4*. For writing the annual Advertisement for regulating, ar-

ranging and fixing

the Subdivision Meetings

For arranging Subdivision Lists, and making Abstracts thereof, Schedule (D.) for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary at War, the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerks' Accounts as a Voucher, viz.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the Original Number of the Militia -In Counties furnishing from 200 to 400 Men Ditto - 400 to 600 Men

Ditto - 600 to 800 Men

Ditto - 800 Men, and upwards -

For striking the Proportion for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, if then liable to serve under the Militia or Permanent Force Acts, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men, or under ] 1 0

Ditto - from 200 to 400 Men - 2 2 0

Ditto - from 400 to 600 Men - 3 3 0

Ditto - from 600 to 800 Men - 4 4 0

Ditto wards from 800 Men, and up- 5 5 0

£ 5. d.

0 7 6

5 5 0

1 11 6

0 0 6

0 0 6 0 7 6

2

3

4

n

2 0 *

3 0

4 0

5 0

6 6 0

For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained in the Subdivision Return of Enrolment (Schedule E):

For ingrossing 50 Names, and under Ditto - 50 to 150 Names

Ditto - 150 to 250 Names

Ditto - 250 Names, and upwards

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's An-

nual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men: —

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion or Corps -

Ditto - Two Do.

Ditto - Three Do.

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant for his Signature thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks of those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of them towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

9. For Stationery: —

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the Original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men -

Ditto - from 300 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 600 to 900 Men

Ditto - from 900 Men, and upwards

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c.

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men, or under -

In a County furnishing from 200 to 400 Men

Ditto - - from 400 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 600 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 800 Men and upwards

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed. The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

£ s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

l 0 0

l 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

ALLOWANCES TO CLERKS OF SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

12. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing the Advertisement L 3

0 5 0

Or, for calling a Meeting by circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, no Charge being made for the Draft for each Letter -

13. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three First at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists And, for each Adjourned Meeting -14*. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon ballotted Men, each Precept -And, for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, Constables or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept -

15 For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and incumbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men 16. For making out the Annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule C., for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of Subdivision is - 50 Men, and under

From 50 to 150 Men -

From 150 to 250 Men -

From 250 Men and upwards ... ' 17 For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule E., and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County, viz.

For a Roll containing 50 Names, and under from 50 to 150 Names - from 150 to 250 Names - from 250 Names and upwards 1 i For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County, in the following Proportions, viz.

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under from 50 to 150 Men from 150 to 250 Men from 250 Men and upwards

£ s. cl. 0 1 0

2 2 0

0 15 0

B06 0 0 6

£2 per 1000.

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

19. For Correspondence and Copyings to the Clerk of

Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of County in the following Proportions, viz.

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under from 50 to 150 Men from 150 to 250 Men from 250 Men and upwards

20. The Actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary, and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

21. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Con-

stables of the several Townships, Parishes, &c., within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, &c.

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under from 50 to 150 Men from 150 to 250 Men from 250 and upwards -

ALLOWANCES TO SCHOOLMASTERS IN SCOTLAND.

a £ s. d.

a 2 0 0

3 0 0

_ 4 0 0

- 5 0 0

5

10

15

0

22. For delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day,

consisting of Eight Hours -

23. For making out Lists, for each Folio, consisting of Sixty

Lines -

24. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting

25. For delivering Notices to ballotted Men, per Day

26. For Stationery, per Annum -

0 5 0:

0 1 0

0 10 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

ALLOWANCES TO CONSTABLES IN SCOTLAND.

27. For delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day, consisting of Eight Hours -

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines -

29. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day -

30. For delivering Notices to ballotted Men, per Day -

31. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per Annum -

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 4 0

0 40

0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES, applicable to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

32. When it is necessary to call a Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a District or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expences, not exceeding Nine Pence per Mile, and the Expence of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the whole of such Expences L 4 shall

152

C. 31.

6° GEO. IV

A.D. 1825.

shall be certified by the Lieutenancy, and reported to the Secretary at War for special Consideration before the same shall become a Charge in the Clerk's Annual Account.

33. The Expence necessarily incurred for the Use of a Room at the Place of Meeting, to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS applicable to the Accounts.

34. All Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, and Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers in Scotland, are to make out distinct Annual Accounts, and the Period to be embraced in each Account shall be as follows, viz.

ENGLAND AND WALES.

The Accounts of the Clerks of Lieutenancy in England and Wales are to embrace an Annual Period, commencing from the Tenth October in One Year and terminating on the Ninth October in the succeeding Year,

SCOTLAND.

The Accounts of the Clerks of Lieutenancy, Schoolmasters* Constables and other Officers, are to embrace an Annual Period, commencing on the First November in One Year and terminating on the Thirty first October in the succeeding Year.

The Accounts of the Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, which form a Part of the Accounts of the Clerks of Lieutenancy in Scotland, are to be transmitted with those Accounts as Vouchers.

35. The General Annual Accounts, with the relative Vouchers* certified in the Manner prescribed, and all Special Authorities for Allowances granted by the Secretary at War, distinguishing the Expences incurred under each of the Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia Force of Great Britain, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War annually for Examination and Payment at the following Periods, viz.

ENGLAND AND WALES.

The Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, including those of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, not earlier than the Tenth October, nor later than the Twenty fourth December in each Year.

SCOTLAND.

The Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers not earlier than the First November, nor later than the Twenty fourth December in each Year.

N.B. No Account shall be received after the said Twenty fourth of December for the Year terminating on the preceding Ninth and Thirty first Days of October respectively, except upon a special Explanation of the Causes which may have rendered the Delay in the Transmission of the Accounts in question necessary.

36. The

6° GEO. IV. C. 31, 32.

153

36. The foregoing Accounts of the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, are invariably to be certified by at least Two of the Deputy Lieutenants under whom they act; and the said Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, shall likewise make Oath to the Justness of them in the Form hereunto annexed.

FORM OF OATH.

J (Clerk, Schoolmaster,

Constable, &c.), acting in the District of in the Shire, County, or Stewartry of, do

hereby solemnly certify and swear, That the preceding (a general Clerk's Oath to be qualified thus, in as far as I have any Interest therein') is a just and true Account of Business performed by me, for and in behalf of the Public Service, according to the Manner therein set forth, that I was employed during the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed, were well and truly paid out by me; and this is Truth. So help me GOD. Sworn at before 1

this Day of j

ALLOWANCES granted under the Provisions of the Act of the Fifty fifth Geo. 3. Cap. 65. Section 8. to Surgeons of Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Militia, or to Private Surgeons for examining into the Fitness of Men to be enrolled into the Militia^ All Claims for Remuneration to the Surgeons of Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Militia, or to Private Surgeons, under the Act of Parliament above quoted, shall, in future, embrace a Period corresponding with that prescribed for the Accounts of the Clerks of Lieutenancy of England and Wales (including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon), and of Scotland, respectively, and shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War for Examination and Payment at the Period specified in the Thirty fifth Section of the foregoing Table.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to provide for the Application of Monies arising in certain Cases of Assessments for Land Tax in Great Britain.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the Land Tax have in certain Districts, by reason of the frequent Changes in the Extent and

Number of Buildings and Inhabitants, and in the Occupation of

Houses after Assessments made upon them, or for other Causes,

been unable to apportion, assess and raise the Quota or Propor-

tion payable by each Parish or Place for the Land Tax, without exceeding the Amount of such Quota in the Aggregate of the Assessments made and delivered to the several Collectors thereof, whereby an Excess beyond the Quota has arisen in the Collection: And Whereas it is therefore expedient to make Provision, as well for avoiding as much as possible any such Excess

C. 32.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Where any Land Tax Assessments shall, under certain Circumstances, exceed the Quota, the Commissioners of the District shall certify the Amount to Commissioners of Taxes, that same may be laid before Treasury.

Certificates to contain certain Particulars;

shewing the Excess collected on each Assessment.

in the Assessment and Collection, as for the Application of c Monies arising therefrom in Aid and for the Benefit of the Parish ' or Place, in the Manner hereinafter provided Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case where the Assessment made or to be made and allowed under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Land Tax, for and upon any City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, in any District or Division in Great Britain, shall exceed, by the Amount of Five Pounds Sterling, the Quota or Proportion payable to His Majesty by or for such City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, under the Provisions of the said Acts, the respective Commissioners acting within and for the Districts or Divisions within which any such Excess of Assessment shall be made or arise, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of December, One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, for and in respect of the Assessments for the Year ended on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and in like Manner for and in respect of any such Assessments made or to be made for any subsequent Year or Years, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of December following the Expiration of the Year of Assessment, yearly to prepare and transmit, or cause to be prepared and transmitted, by their Clerk, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes or to their Secretary for the Time being, to be by the said Commissioners from time to time laid before the Commissioners of Elis Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, for the Purposes hereinafter expressed, a Certificate, fairly written, under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts, in and for the District or Division to which any such Certificate shall relate, containing the Amount of the Quota or Proportion of Land Tax charged on such City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, and returned in the Parchment Duplicates of Assessment, as required by the said Acts, the actual and total Amount of any such Assessment delivered to the Collector or Collectors thereof, the City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, and the Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors, together with the Amount of the Sum by which the actual Assessment shall in any such Case exceed the Quota or Proportion chargeable on each such City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, and the Amount of such Excess (if any) which shall have been collected and received by the several Collectors thereof, previously to the Transmission of such Certificate, as nearly as the same can be made out; and where the whole Collection for any Year to which such Certificate shall apply shall not have been closed, so as to ascertain and include therein the full Excess assessed and collected and to be accounted for under the Provisions of this Act, the respective Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to include and insert the further Amount of such Excess in the Certificate for the next subsequent Year or Years within which it shall be collected, distinguishing therein the Year or Years to which such Excess last mentioned shall relate, until the

18 whole

6° GEO. IV. C. 32.

155

whole of the Excess shall have been fully and duly accounted for on each Year, under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always and in every Case, where any Monies arising from any such Excess of the Collection on the Assessments or Assessment for any former Years or Year, shall remain in the Hands of any Collector or Collectors, or of any other Person or Persons, at the Time of the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of the District in which the same shall have arisen, or any Three of them, shall and they are hereby required, on or before the said Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in like Manner to prepare and transmit, or cause to be prepared and transmitted to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes or their Secretary, a Certificate thereof under their Hands, containing the Total Amount of the Sum or Balance remaining unappropriated on all former Years, with the Names and Descriptions of the Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, in whose Hands, Custody or Power all and every or any Part of such Monies or Balances shall remain, distinguishing the Amount in the Hands of each such Person or Persons respectively; and the full Amount of such Excess, when and as the same shall be collected and arise as aforesaid, and also of all such Money arising informer Years as aforesaid, shall be paid over by the several Collectors thereof and other Persons respectively holding the same, to the several Receivers General of the Land Tax.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Receipt of any such Certificate, to authorize and direct from time to time the net Produce and Amount of such Excess of Assessment and Collection to be applied to His Majesty's Use, in part Payment and Discharge of any Assessment of the Land Tax made or to be made on the City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, within which such Excess or Assessment shall have been raised and collected for any subsequent Year or Years, in such Manner as shall be authorized by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being in that Behalf; and the Warrant of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, under the Directions of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, shall be a sufficient Power and Authority to the several Receivers General receiving the same; and they are hereby respectively required, on the Receipt of every such Warrant, to apportion, apply and pay over, or cause to be apportioned, applied and paid over, any such Excess or surplus Money, in the Manner to be directed by such Warrants respectively, III. And Whereas by the said Acts relating to the Land Tax the Commissioners in their several Districts are required to sign and seal Two Duplicates of the Assessments made by the several Assessors, for each Parish, Township or Place, in pursuance of the Warrants to them directed by the said Commissioners in that Behalf, and to deliver, or cause to be delivered, One of such Duplicates to the several Collectors appointed to collect the same, with Warrants, after the Appeals therefrom shall have been heard and determined by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Notice for that Purpose by the said Acts provided, and the said Collectors are required, upon the Appli-

cation

Balances in hand arising from Excesses of former Years to be in like Manner certified.

Application of such Excess.

Treasury empowered to order the Excess to be paid to the Receiver General, &c.

38 G.3. c. 5.

§ 8.

C. 32.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commissioners of Districts to certify, with nil Warrants to the Assessors, the Amount of Quota in charge against each Parish, &c.

Before Duplicates of Assessment allowed, Clerk to cast Sums up, and insert Total.

Where Assessment exceeds Quota, Clerk to certify Particulars according to Schedule (A.)

Penalty.

Collectors, when required by Vestry, to deliver an Account of Collection and Payments,

cation of any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved1 ' or overrated by any Assessment, to permit such Person or Persons, or their Stewards or Bailiffs, or other proper Representatives, to inspect the said Duplicates of Assessments, at all reasonable Times in the Day, without Fee or Reward for the same:

And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for preventing Irregularities in the making and Collection of future Assessments of the Land Tax/ Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the respective Commissioners are hereby required to certify or cause to be certified by their Clerk, in Writing, upon or with the Warrant or Warrants, or Instructions for making the Assessment to be delivered to the respective Assessors under the Provisions of the said Acts, the Amount of the Quota or Sum in charge against such Parish, Township or Place, under the Provisions of the said Acts, and according to the Parchment Duplicates thereof, thereby directed to be transmitted to the Receiver General, and to the Court of Exchequer, distinguishing by such Certificate the Proportion exonerated from the Amount to be raised by Assessment for the particular Year and the Parish, Township or Place respectively, to which any such Warrant, Precept or Instructions shall relate; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before the Duplicates of the said Assessments for any Year shall be signed and allowed by the respective Commissioners and One Part thereof shall be delivered to the Collectors for Collection in Manner aforesaid, the Clerk to such Commissioners shall and he is hereby required to cause the Sums assessed to be duly cast up, and the Total Amount of such Assessment to be inserted at the Foot thereof, and where any such Assessment shall contain Two or more Pages, to cause each Page to be duly cast up, and the Amount inserted at the Foot thereof, and carried forward so as to form the Total on the last Page in any such Duplicate; and if in any Case the Total Amount of the Sums charged by any such Assessment shall exceed the actual Amount of the said Quota or Proportion charged and to be raised in any Year, in any Parish, Township or Place to which the same shall relate, every such Clerk shall insert at the Foot of the Duplicate of Assessment a Summary relating to every such Assessment last aforesaid, according to the Form annexed to this Act, marked with the Letter (A.); and if any such Clerk shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duty hereby required, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered as any Penalty may be sued for and recovered under the said Acts.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors appointed to collect any such Assessment for any Parish, Township or Place as aforesaid, when required so to do, by the Churchwardens and Overseers or Guardians of the Poor, or any Two of them, or by any Person or Persons authorized by the Inhabitants of any such Parish, Township or Place, in Vestry assembled, shall deliver to them respectively an Account in Writing of the Sums collected and received by such Collector or Collectors, for or on Account of any such Assessment, and of the Sums in arrear, and of the Sums remaining in his or their Hands, and also of the Sums paid to

6° GEO. IV. C. 32.

157

the Receiver General; and if any Collector shall refuse or neglect so to do, within Fourteen Days after such Demand shall be made, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty may be sued for and recovered under the said Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions of this Act shall be extended and applied to any Assessment on Personal Estate to be raised under any Act or Acts passed or to be passed for that Purpose, where such Assessment shall exceed, by the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, the Quota or Proportion to be raised and paid to His Majesty's Use, under any such Actor Acts, by or for any City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That to the End that the due Application of any Monies which shall or may be collected by the several Collectors, for any City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, over and above the Quotaor Proportion by Law payable, may be duly secured under the Provisions of this Act, all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Acts for raising the Land Tax, shall and may be practised and put in Execution, for the levying, securing and Recovery of the Excess or Surplus Money to be collected by the several Collectors or other Persons receiving the same, in Manner aforesaid, and in aid of such City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place, to all Intents as if the Assessment including any such Excess Monies contained no more than the Quota or Proportion of Land Tax payable by such City, Borough, Town, Parish, Ward or Place to which the same shall relate, under the Provisions of the said Acts; and all Collectors or other Persons wilfully detaining or withholding any Part or Portion of the Monies so collected, or misapplying the same, or disobeying or disregarding the Warrants herein directed, for Payment of such Excess of Monies, shall be subject to the like Process, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided by the said Acts, or are otherwise authorized in Cases of Misapplication or Default in accounting for and paying over or withholding the Land Tax; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas it has been the Practice for the Commis-c sioners in certain extensive Districts to apply some Portions of the Excess of the Land Tax Assessments for defraying incidental Expences incurred by the said Commissioners or by their 6 Clerk, in relation to such Assessments, for satisfying which the Compensation to the Clerk, by his Poundage on the Amount of the Quota of the Land Tax, has been found inadequate, and it may be reasonable to provide for such Expences for the future Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treaury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct the Allowance and Discharge of such actual Expences, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessarily incurred by any such Commissioners, or by their Clerk, in the due execution of the said Acts, where such Allowance shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Treasury or High Treasurer reasonable and proper to be made, over and above the Allowance by Poundage to any such Clerk, for the particular Year

19 of

Penalty.

Act to extend to like Excess of Assessments on Personal Estates.

Monies collected above Quota recoverable for Application under Act, from Collectors, &c. in like Manner as Land Tax.

Unduly detaining Monies.

Penalty,

Treasury may authorize Payment of certain Expences incident to Land Tax Assessments.

C. 32, 33.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Expences to be certified.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

of Assessment to which such Expences shall relate, under the Authority of the said Act: Provided nevertheless, and such Expences shall from time to time be certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, by any Three of the Commissioners, at a General Meeting of the Commission of the District in which the same shall arise, and the Certificate of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall be an Authority to the Receiver General respectively, to pay sirch Expences, or so much thereof as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury or High Treasurer as aforesaid, to be so allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered^ varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

Summary of the foregoing Assessment on Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Assessed and exonerated Assessed and not exonerated M s. d. £ s. d.

Total by the Assessment - - s£

Deduct Quota or Charge on Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by Parchment Duplicate, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 5.; > viz. ---- j

Excess on Assessment

Examined, (Signed) Clerk.

Note. — Where there is a separate Assessment for Personal Estates exceeding the Quota, a corresponding and distinct Certificate is required to be in like Manner subscribed to such Assessment.

CAP. XXXIII.

Letters Patent 14th Dec.

3 Jac. 1. incorporating the Levant Company recited.

An Act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, and the Duties payable to them; and to authorize the Transfer and Disposal of the Possessions and Property of the said Governor and Company, for the Public Service.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS His late Majesty King James the First, by his i Letters Patent bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of De-1 cember, in the Third Year of his Reign, did grant to several Persons therein named, and to their Sons and such others as should ' thereafter be admitted and made free, that they should be One Fellowship, and One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name

6° GEO. IV. C. 33.

159

of The Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas ;" and by the same Name should have perpetual Succession, with certain Rights and Privileges in the said Letters Patent specified: And Whereas His late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent bearing Date Confirmed by the Second Day of April, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, Patent 2 April,

did ratify and confirm the said Letters Patent of King James 13 Car'2,

the Firsthand did grant further Authorities and Privileges to the said Governor and Company: And Whereas by divers Acts certain Regulations have been made respecting the said Company,

and the Dues and Duties payable to the said Company, that is to say, an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of 26 G.2. c. 18.

4 His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas; an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Ma- 20 G. 3. c. 18.

jesty King George the Third, among other Things, for the allowing the Importation into and Exportation from Ireland of such Goods as may be imported into or exported from Great Britain by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas; an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said late 43G.S. c.l5S.

Majesty King George the Third, to permit the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize in Neutral Vessels; an Act made in the Fifty fifth 55G.S. c. 29.

4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America,

and also between Malta and the United Kingdom; an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty 57 G.s. c. 4.

4 King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar; and an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty 59 G. 3. c.lio.

4 King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company: And Whereas it would be beneficial to the Trade of the United Kingdom, and especially to the Trade carried on in the Levant Seas, that the exclusive Rights and Privileges of the said Governor and Company under the said Letters Patent and Acts of Parliament should cease and determine: And Whereas the said Governor and Company are willing and desirous to surrender up the said Letters Patent into His Majesty's Hands:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever and so soon as any Deed or Instrument by When Com-which the said Governor and Company shall so surrender up to pany sbau by His Majesty the said Letters Patent, and all Rights, Powers and Deed under Privileges thereby granted or confirmed to the said Governor and their Common Company, shall be made and executed under the Common Seal .Seal> enrohed of the said Governor and Company, and shall be enrolled in His surrenderee* Majesty's High Court of Chancery, the said several Letters Patent ters patent) the and Grants hereinbefore recited, and every Matter, Clause and same shall be-Thing therein contained, shall be and become, and the same are come void, andj hereby declared to be and become null and void; and that from Corporation

and cease»

J60

C. 33.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and their Houses, &c. vested in the Crown.

Funds and Effects of the Corporation vested in Treasury, for Payment of Company's Debts.

and immediately after the Inrolment of such Deed or Instrument, the said Governor and Company shall cease to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and the said Corporation shall be dissolved to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever; and all Rights, Powers and Privileges by the said Letters Patent, or by the said several hereinbefore recited Acts, or by any other Authority or Means granted to or possessed by the said Governor and Company, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; any Thing in the said several Letters Patent and Acts, or any of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and the said Governor and Company shall be and they are hereby divested of and from all Land, Houses and Buildings, by whatever Tenure holden, at any Time heretofore purchased, acquired or holden by the said Governor and Company, and which are holden, possessed or claimed by the said Governor and Company, within the United Kingdom, or at Smyrna or elsewhere, and all such Land, Houses, Buildings, and all Right, Title, Estate or Interest therein or thereto, holden, purchased, acquired, possessed, enjoyed or claimed by the said Governor and Company, shall thenceforth be and the same and every of them are and is hereby declared and enacted to be fully and absolutely vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever.

II. And Whereas certain Grants of Money have been from time to time made to the said Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, by sundry Acts, for the Purpose of better enabling them to carry into Effect the Objects for which they were incorporated: And Whereas it is just and expedient that all such Property as shall belong to or be at the Disposal of the said Governor and Company under or by virtue of the said Letters Patent and Acts, or any of them respectively, at the Time of such their Dissolution, should, after the Payment of all Debts and Demands to which the said Governor and Company may be liable as such Corporation, be applied to the Public Service, in the Manner hereinafter directed Be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the Inrolment of any such Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, whereby the said Corporation shall be dissolved in Manner directed by this Act, all Monies in the Public Funds, and all other Monies, Goods, Chattels, Property and other Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever, in the Possession or at the Disposal of the said Governor and Company as such Corporation as aforesaid, or to which the said Governor and Company as such Corporation are or shall be entitled, or which shall or may be due to the said Governor and Company as such Corporation, shall be and become vested, and are hereby vested in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury now and for the Time being, or any Three of the said Commissioners, to accept, receive and recover, and to sell, transfer and dispose of all such Funds, Monies, Goods, Chattels, Property and other Personal Estate and Effects whatsover, and to apply the Produce thereof, in the first Place, in and for the Payment of all just Debts and Demands to which the said Governor and Company are or shall

be

6° GEO. IV. C. 33.

161

be liable at the Dissolution of such Corporation, on account of any Matter or Thing relating to such Corporation; and from and afterpayment of all such Debts and Demands, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to direct, that all the Remainder and Surplus of the Produce of such Public Funds, Monies, Goods, Chattels, Property and other Personal Estate as aforesaid shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be placed to the Account of and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland *

III. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Inrolment in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery of such Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and also the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and all Powers for the levying of any Duties or Dues heretofore payable to the said Governor and Company, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and all such Duties and Dues, and all Powers for levying the same, shall cease and determine, except only so far as relates to the Payment and Recovery of any Arrears of Duties and Dues which shall be payable to the said Company at the Time of the Inrolment of such Deed or Instrument; and also that from and after such Inrolment of such Deed or Instrument, all and every Clause, Matter and Thing contained in the said several hereinbefore recited Acts made in the Twentieth, Forty third, Fifty fifth and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, in any way extending or relating to the said Governor and Company, shall be and the same are from thenceforth hereby repealed; any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or any other Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Inrolment of any such Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, all such Rights and Duties of Jurisdiction and Authority over His Majesty's Subjects resorting to the Ports of the Levant for the Purposes of Trade or otherwise, as were lawfully exercised and performed, or which the said recited Letters Patent or Acts, or any of them, authorized to be exercised and performed by any Consuls or other Officers appointed by the said Company, or which such Consuls or other Officers lawfully exercised and performed under and by virtue of any Power or Authority whatever, shall, from and after the Inrolment of such Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, be and become vested in, and shall be exercised and performed by such Consuls and other Officers respectively as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint, for the Protection of the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects in the Ports and Places respectively mentioned in the said Letters Patent and Acts, or any or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized

6 Geo. IV. M to

Surplus carried to Consolidated Fund.

26 G.2. c. IS. and 59 G.3. c. 110 repealed, and Duties payable to Company to cease, except as to Arrears.

All Clauses in recited Acts relating to said Company repealed.

Authority of Consuls as exercised under the Letters Patent, &c. vested in Consuls to be appointed by the Kin a*.

Treasury may grant Allowances and Pensions to Officers

162

C. 33, 34.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

of Company, ike. losing their Offices under this Act.

5G. 3. c. 26.

45 G.S. c. 123.

§ 1.

Treasury may purchase Annuity granted to

to grant reasonable Allowances and Pensions to such of the Officers and Servants in England of the said Company, and to such other Person or Persons as, by reason of the Dissolution of the said Companjr, may lose and be deprived of their Offices, Employments and Pensions, and to charge the same upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and all such Allowances and Pensions to be so granted, shall be payable and paid quarterly at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, out of the said Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges and Deductions whatsoever; and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall yearly and every Year before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament be sitting, and in case Parliament shall not be sitting, then within Twenty Days after the Meeting of Parliament then next following such Twenty fifth Day of Ma?'ch, cause an Account and Estimate to be laid before Parliament of the total Amount of such Allowances and Pensions payable to such Officers and Servants in England of the said Company, and to such other Persons as are hereinbefore mentioned, for One Year ending on the Fifth Day of January pre= ceding every such Twenty fifth Day of March respectively.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase a certain Annuity in respect of Duties of Customs levied in the Isle of Man, and any reserved Sovereign Rights in the said Island, belonging to John Duke of Atholl.

[10th June 1825.]

\J17"HISIUEAS it is expedient to make better Provision for the ' Collection, Management and future Regulation of the 1 Revenues arising in the Isle of Man, so as to assimilate them as c much as possible to those of the United Kingdom: And Whereas it would be greatly conducive to that Object, if certain Rights, Titles and Interests reserved to John Duke of Atholl, and the

Heirs general of the Seventh Earl of Derby, by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and also the Proportion of the Revenues or Annuity 6 in lieu thereof, made payable to the same by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, wherein it is recited, that as the Revenues arising from the Duties of Customs of the said Island, before the passing of the said Act of the Fifth Year aforesaid, belonged to the Ancestors of the said John Duke of Atholl, it is just and proper that the annual Amount of the further Compensation to be given should be regulated from time to time by the Produce of the Revenues of the said Island, were redeemed, for the Use of the Public, by the Purchase thereof at a fair Valuation Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

6° GEO. IV. C. 34, 35.

163

for the Time being, or any Three of them, on the Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for the said John Duke of Atholl, and for the Heir general for the Time being of James the Seventh Earl of Derby, to treat, contract and agree for the absolute Purchase or Sale, or Release or Surrender of all or any Estate, Right, Title or Interest which he the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Heir general of the Seventh Earl of Derby, wow hath or claims, or can or may have or claim, of, in or to the said Annuity, or any such reserved Sovereign Rights as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may deem it expedient for the Public Interest to purchase and the said John Duke of Atholl, or his Heirs, may be inclined to sell, release or surrender, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be a just and fair Equivalent for the same, to be settled and ascertained by any Arbitrators chosen by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Heir general for the Time being of the said Seventh Earl of Derby respectively, in that Behalf; and that upon the Execution of any such Contract or Agreement by or on behalf of the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Pleir general for the Time being of the said James the Seventh Earl of Derby, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Assignments, Releases or Surrenders, as in such Contract or Contracts shall be agreed on for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby empowered, by and out of any Monies arising from the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to order and direct the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, from time to time, as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, as the Amount to be paid for such Purchase or Purchases to the said John Duke of Atholl, or the said Heir general for the Time being of the said James the Seventh Earl of Derby.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Duke of Atholl and his Sovereign Rights in Isle of Man.

Payment of

Purchase

Money.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to render more effectual the several Acts for authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, so far as relates to Ireland.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of 57 G.s. c. 34.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limit-

ed Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries

in the United Kingdom and Employment of the Poor of Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned; and which Act was amended by another Act passed in the same Year and has been fur-

ther amended by divers Acts: And Whereas by an Act made in

the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend- 3 G.4. c.i 12. ' ing the said Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's

Reign, His Majesty is enabled to authorize and empower the

M 2 4 Commissioners

C. 35.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

161

300,000^. British Currency may be advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the Purposes of this Act.

Commissioners under 3 G.4. c. 112. to acU

Commissioners may receive Applications and grant Advances for Public Works.

Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two Millions, in such Manner and for such Purposes as in the said Act is mentioned and directed, for the Support of Works of a public Nature, carried on under the Authority of Parliament in an}' Part of Great Britain, upon, under and subject to the Terms and Conditions specified and prescribed or referred to by the said recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient to extend to Ireland the Benefit of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign Be it. therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, by or out of such Monies as shall at any Time or Times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, there shall and may be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, from time to time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, to be applied to the Purposes and in the Manner and under the Regulations mentioned, specified and contained in or referred to by this present Act; and that such Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be and shall be deemed and taken and considered, and is hereby declared to be Part of the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by Exchequer Bills under the said recited Act of the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who in and by the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, are constituted Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act and of the several Acts therein recited, shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall have all such Powers and Authorities for the Execution of this Act, as are given to or vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act, except only so far as the same are altered by any Act or Acts for amending the same or by this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them, to receive any Application for any Loan or Advance, and to determine on the making or granting of any Loan or Advance, of all or any Part of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds authorized to be issued in Ireland, under the Authority of this Act, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Compan}' or Companies in Ireland, under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Conditions and Provisions, and for Purposes of the same Nature, as such Commissioners are empowered to do by the hereinbefore recited Acts, with respect to any Loans or Advances to any Person or'Persons, or for any public or other Wor k in any Part of Great Britain,

A.D. 3 825.

6^ GEO. IV. C. 35.

165

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that any Advances by way of Loan to be made in Ireland, under the Authority of this Act, should be made in Money and not by Exchequer Bills, as required by the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; Be it therefore enacted, That when the On Certificate said Commissioners shall have determined upon the Amount of of Commission -any Sums so to be advanced, they shall make out a Certificate CIS' ^chances under the Hands of any Three or more of them, and shall trans- instead *

mit the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or of Exchequer Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and upon the Receipt Bills, of any such Certificate, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to direct a Warrant to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the issuing of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be specified in any such Certificate or Certificates, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Dublin; and every such Certificate of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall be presented at the Office of the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, together with such Warrant of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors; and every such Certificate shall be deposited and shall remain in the Office of the said Vice Treasurer; provided, that the whole Amount of Money to be issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not exceed the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commis- Duplicates of

sioners shall make any such Certificate as by this Act is re- Certificates acquired to be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Auditor^06 Governor or Governors of Ireland, the said Commissioners shall Exchequer, and at the same Time make out a Duplicate of such Certificate un- Exchequer Bills der the Hands of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, cancelled equal directed to the Auditor of the Exchequer at Westminster; and to Sum speci-upon such Duplicate Certificate being deposited in the Office of ^crtI *

the said Auditor, he shall cause and direjet so many and such of

the Exchequer Bills as shall be remaining in the said Exchequer, by virtue and for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be cancelled, as shall be equal in Amount to the Sum of Money specified in any and every such Certificate and Duplicate Certificate of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any and every Loan or Powers of re-Advance which shall be granted and made under this present citc^cts Act, shall be subject to all the Powers, Provisions, Limitations, ec*to tllis Regulations and Conditions, for the Grant, Security or Recovery

of any Loan or Advance contained in and in force under the several hereinbefore recited Acts or any of them; and that the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of any Loan or Advance made under the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioners by the said recited Acts or any of them, in respect of any Loan or Advance in Great Britain, under the said recited Acts or any of them, or in respect of any Default in the Payment of any such Loan or Advance; and that all and every the Clauses

166

C. 35.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Interest and Instalments of Principal, according to Conditions of Security on which Advances <ma.y be made, to be paid into Bank of Ireland.

Proceedings thereon.

and Provisions in the said recited Acts or any of them contained and in force for the Regulation of the said Commissioners, in or relating to the granting of any Loan or Advance in Great Britain, and for the Repayment, Recovery and Receipt of any such Loan or Advance when due and payable, and for exempting Mortgages, Assignments and other Instruments and Writings from being liable to any Stamp Duty or otherwise howsoever, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Loans and Advances respectively under this Act, and to the Payment and Recovery thereof in Ireland, and shall be of like Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution in Ireland, as if the said Clauses and Provisions had by the said Acts been extended to Irelayidy and as if such Clauses and Provisions were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, except only so far as the same are altered by this present Act.

VII. Provided always and be it enacted, That every Person and Body Politic or Corporate, and Company in Ireland, to whom any Advance of Money shall be made under this Act, shall from time to time pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland, according to the Course of Business in the said Exchequer, all Interest upon all Money advanced, and all Instalments of the Principal thereof, at the Times respectively required by and according to the Conditions of the Security upon which such Advances shall be respectively made; and the Teller of the said Exchequer, upon the Production of the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland (and which Receipt or Receipts such Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby authorized and required to give), shall prepare an Exchequer Receipt, stating the Amount of Money and for what Account the same is paid, and shall send such Receipt to the Office of the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, to be there entered and countersigned by the Vice Treasurer or his Deputy; and such Vice Treasurer or his Deputy shall transmit a Certificate of every such Receipt to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to give Credit to the Party liable for the Money so paid; and every such Certificate, together with the Entry of such Payment in the Accounts of the said Commissioners, shall be a valid and effectual Acquittance and Discharge for the Sum or Sums expressed therein to have been received, and all such Receipts and Certificates shall be in such Form, and such Proceedings shall be had thereon as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act. with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, shall from time to time direct and require, for securing the due Pajonent of the Interest and Principal of any and every Sum to be advanced on the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited

Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, under Warrant from the Commissioners of the Treasury, to advance and w lend Money for making, completing or maintaining any Works of general public Importance and Utility, on such Terms and

C. 35, 36.

167

Conditions as should be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury; and Doubts may arise whether by the said Enactment the said Commissioners of the Treasury are empowered to direct in what Cases, or on what Terms and Conditions, other than the Rate of Interest, the Commissioners acting under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act may be authorized and required to make any such Advances Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be deemed and construed to extend only to the empowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize and require a Reduction in the Rate of Interest, according to the Terms and Limitations in the said recited Act expressed, upon any Loan which the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act may have agreed or may agree to advance for the building or repairing of any Churches or Colleges in any Part of the United Kingdom, for the Prosecution of any public Works of national Utility or Importance; and that the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall not be deemed or construed to extend to any Terms or Conditions to be directed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, other than such as relate to the Rate of Interest of any such Loan; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling the Corporation of Pembroke to relinquish and convey to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy the Right of letting the Stalls, Sittings and other Conveniences in the Market established in the Town of Pembroke Dock, and the Right to the Rents, Tolls and Fees thereof.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majestys Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regidations for the paving, lighting, cleansing and good Order of the said Town, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock aforesaid, to be held on such Days in the Week (Sundays, Saturdays, Good Friday and Christmas Day only excepted), as they should think fit to appoint, for the Sale of Butcher's Meat, Poultry, Butter, Fish, Corn, Grain, Fruit, Vegetables and other Provisions, Cattle and other Live Stock, and all other marketable Commodities, and to make and ordain such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, and to do all such other lawful Acts as should be requisite and necessary for the Establishment and good Government of the said Market; and it was by the said Act further enacted, that all such Tolls, Rent of Stalls and Fees, should be taken and received in the said Market, as were or had been accustomed or ought to be received and taken in the Market of the Borough of Pembroke in the said County, and should be recovered and collected by or under the like Authority,

Powers of Treasury under 5GA. c. 77. to extend only to Reduction of Rate of Interest on Money advanced for Public Works.

59 G. 3. c, cxxv.

168

C. 36.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Corporation of Pembroke empowered to convey to the Commissioners of the Navy, in Trust for His Majesty, the 1Ughts and Tolls of the Market of Pembroke Dock, for such Consideration as shall be agreed on

Such Rights, after Execution

and be disposed of in the same Manner, and to the like Uses and Purposes, as the Tolls and Fees taken in the Market of the said Borough are or ought to be disposed of: And Whereas a Public Market has lately been established in the said Town of Pembroke Dock by the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of the said Power and Authority given to them by the said Act: And; Whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Town and c Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke, have or claim ' to have the Right to let the Stalls, Sittings, Sheds, Shambles, Pens and other Erections, Conveniences and Accommodations whatsoever, erected or to be erected in the said Market for the Sale of Butcher's Meat, Poultry, Butter, Fish, Corn, Grain, Fruit, Vegetables and other Provisions, Cattle and other Live Stock, and all other marketable Commodities, and the Right to take and receive all such Tolls and Fees so to be taken and received as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient that the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy should be enabled to purchase of and from the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses their said Right or Claim, Rights or Claims, or so much thereof as the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses may from time to time be willing to part with, for and on Behalf of His Majesty and for the Public Service, and that the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses should be enabled to part with and convey their said Right or Claim, Rights or Claims,

or so much thereof as they may from time to time think fit; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses, and they are hereby enabled from time to time, by any Deed or Deeds under their Common Seal, to part with and convey for themselves and their Successors unto the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them, and their Successors in Office, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for the Public Service and Benefit, all and every Part of the Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever of the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses, to let such Stalls, Sittings, Sheds, Shambles, Pens and other Erections, Conveniences and Accommodations whatsoever, erected or to be erected as aforesaid, and to receive and have the Rents and Payments in the Nature of Rents for the same, and also their Right or Claim to receive such Tolls and Fees or Payments in the Nature of Tolls or Fees as aforesaid, or such Part or Parts, or so much of the said Right or Claim, Rights or Claims, as they may from time to time think fit, for and in consideration of such Sum or Sums of Money, or for such other Considerations as may from time to time be agreed upon by and between the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them, on the One Part, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses, on the other Part.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand aforesaid, of the said Mayor, Bailiffs

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 36, 37. 169

and Burgesses, and their Successors in the Rents or Payments, Tolls and Fees aforesaid, so to be conveyed as aforesaid, or so much and such Part and Parts of the same as aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of such Deed or Deeds respectively as aforesaid, be vested in the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy and their Successors in Office, who are hereby enabled to accept and hold the same in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for the Public Service and Benefit; and that the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses, by such Deed or Deeds as aforesaid, may bind themselves and their Successors for ever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and their Successors in Office, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the Execution of such Deed or Deeds as aforesaid, to have, use and enjoy the like Remedies and Means whatsoever for enforcing or securing the Payment of the Rents, Payments, Tolls and Fees which shall or may be conveyed as aforesaid, as the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses before the Execution of such Deed or Deeds respectively might have had or used for the like Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially noticed as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to provide for the future Assimilation of the Duties of Excise upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Mead and Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry, in Great Britain and Ireland, and to continue the Duty of Excise on Sweets or Made Wines in Great Britain until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that equal Duties of Excise should be imposed in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Mead or Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry; and that the levying and collecting of the said Duties, and the Manufacture of the said Articles respectively, should be conducted and carried on in every Part of the United Kingdom, under and subject to the like respective Rules, and Regulations and Provisions Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the several Duties of Excise payable, and the several Drawbacks allowed, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon Sweets or Made Wines, and upon Mead or Metheglin, and upon Vinegar, or any of them, and also all Duties and Drawbacks of Excise payable in Great Britain upon Cyder

and

of the Deed, to be vested in the Commissioners of the Navy, in Trust for His Majesty.

Power to enforce Payment of the Tolls and Rents.

Public Act

From Jan. 5, 1826, Duties and Drawbacksj on Sweets or made Wines,

&c. repealed.

C. 37.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

New Duties in lieu of Duties repealed.

Sweets.

Mead.

Vinegar.

Cyder and Perry.

Payable in British Currency.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise, and ascertained under Regulations of British Acts.

and Perry, under any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, immediately before the passing of this Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the following Duties of Excise shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in lieu of all Duties of Excise on the like Articles, Matters and Things, or any of them, payable under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and hereby repealed; that is to say,

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Liquor which shall be made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, to be paid by the Maker thereof, the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Mead or Metheglin which shall be made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Vinegar or acetous Acid, or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or acetous Acid, brewed or made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Cyder and Perry, made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Sale, to be paid by the First Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be sent or conveyed to be sold or disposed of, the Sum of One Pound and Ten Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And all the said Duties shall be payable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and that the said respective Duties shall (except as herein otherwise specially directed or provided) be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured and paid by such Persons, and at such Times, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions (save and except such thereof as are repealed by or repugnant to the Provisions of this Act), and also under and

subject

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 37 *

171

subject to all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with, under and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities, Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as by this Act is expressly provided and excepted), as the several and respective Duties upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Vinegar or acetous Acid, or upon Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain, are respectively subject and liable to, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, and as are contained, provided, prescribed, directed, settled or established by any such Act or Acts in force in Great Britain immediately before the passing of this Act, or by this Act, in relation to the said Duties respectively, or any of them, or for the Security or due Collection of the said Duties respectively, or any of them, or for preventing, detecting or punishing Frauds relating to the said Duties, or any of them respectively; save and except so far as any such Regulations relate to the Distance between any House or Place in Ireland, which shall be entered and used, immediately before the passing of this Act, for making, distilling, rectifying or purifying any acetous Acid, and any House or Place entered or used, immediately before the passing of this Act, for the making Vinegar for Sale from Malt or other fermenting or fermentable Material or Materials.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That all Duties, Fines and Penalties which shall be incurred in Ireland under this Act, or shall have become due or been incurred in Ireland under any Law or Laws of Excise, shall and may be levied, sued for, prosecuted, adjudged and recovered by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form as any Duties of Excise, or any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to any Duties of Excise might have been recovered, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the several Boards of Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, Cyder and Perry made from and the Produce of Apples or Pears of the Growth of this present Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall not be subject or liable to any higher Rate of Duty, according to the Measures in use at the Time of the passing of this Act for the imposing of Duties of Excise on Cyder, than shall be in proportion and equivalent to the Rate of Duty upon Cyder and Perry imposed by this Act after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, according to the Imperial Standard Gallon Measure; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to give such Directions as they shall think fit to the Commissioners of Excise, as shall be necessary for carrying into effect such Reduction of Duty on such Cyder and Perry; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sweets or Made Wines, and all Mead or Metheglin, and all Vinegar or acetous Acid, and

all

Exception,

Duties and Penalties in Ireland, levied, adjudged and recovered under Acts in force before G.4. c. 23.

From Oct. 10, 1825, Cyder made from Fruit of the present Year not liable to Duties higher in proportion than Duties imposed by this Act after Jan. 5, 1826.

All Sweets, Mead, Vinegar and Cyder, and

C. 37.

6° GEO. IV.

all Materials and Utensils, declared subject to Arrears of Duty and Penalties, whether in the Custody of Maker or Agent,

Duty on Sweets under 43 G.3. c. 81. continued by 5G. 4. C. 15. further continued.

57 G.3. c. Ill continued by 5 G.4. c. 40. repealed from Ja-n.5, 1826.

A.D. 182&,

all Cyder and Perry, upon or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, and all Materials, Preparations, Utensils and Vessels for the making or keeping the same, or any of them respectively, in the Custody of any Maker or Manufacturer of such Articles, liable to such Duties as aforesaid respectively, or in the Custody of any Factor or Agent liable to the Payment of such Duties, or any of them, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for any such Maker, Manufacturer, Factor or Agent, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with all such Duties of Excise, which shall be in Arrear and owing from time to time from or by such Maker, Manufacturer, Factor or Agent, for or in respect of any such or the like Articles liable to such Duties as aforesaid, respectively so made or manufactured by or in the Custody of any such Maker or Manufacturer, Factor or Agent, and shall also be subject to all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by any such Maker, Manufacturer, Factor or Agent, or other Person using any Workhouse,. Warehouse or other Place belonging to any such Maker, Manufacturer, Factor or Agent, for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Duties on such Articles liable to such Duties as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases for any Collector or other Officer of Excise, or any other Person thereto lawfully authorized, to levy all or any such Duties of Excise, and all or any Arrears thereof, and all or any such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, by Sale of any such Articles, Materials and Utensils, and to use such Proceedings as it would be lawful to do in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of such Articles, Materials and Utensils respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duly of Excise upon Sweets or Made Wines made in Great Britain for Sale, granted by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing to His Majesty for One Year, among other Duties, certain Duties on Sweets in Great Britain, was continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall be and the said Duty upon Sweets or Made Wines is hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and shall then cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to any Arrears of the said Duty which shall have become due and payable at any Time before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to suspend a Part of the Duty on Streets or Made Wines, and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, cease and determine, and the said last recited Act shall be and the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 37, 38.

173

the same is hereby repealed; and that an Act made in the Parlia- 39 G.3. c. 32. ment of Ireland in the Thirty ninth year of the Reign of His said (I.) repealed late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for grant- from the same *ing unto his Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets mie' or Made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for securing the Collection thereof shall also, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, cease and determine, and the said last recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Parts of Acts Bntl.sl1 Acts in force in Great Britain, for the Collection of the Duties of Excise upon Mead or Metheglin, as distinct from the Duties on or Methe<din Sweets or Made Wines, shall be and the same are hereby re- repealed; pealed from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so far as the said Acts, or any of them, relate to the Duties of Excise upon Mead or Metheglin; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thou- such Duties to sand eight hundred and twenty six, the Duties upon Mead or bc collected Metheglin shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout ^latin^to* the United Kingdom under the Laws in force in Great Britain re- Sweets, lating to the Collection of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines, and as if the said Duties on Mead or Metheglin were expressly specified and referred to in and by the said several Acts for the Collection of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines, and as if the Provisions in the said several Acts relating to Sweets or Made Wines were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and applied to the Duties on Metheglin or Mead granted by this Act, except only so far as is otherwise provided by this Act as to the levying, adjudging and recovering of any Amount of Duties, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, which shall become due or be incurred in Ireland.

An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the New Street from thence to Pall Mall; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the 5 G.4. c.ioo.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from the Regent's Park to Pall Mall, and the new Streets and Improvements in the Neighbourhood of Parliament Street and Privy Gardens, and for maintaining a convenient Sewage for the same; and by the said Act Commissioners were appointed for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise regulating and improving the several Streets, Squares, Circusses, Gardens, Ways, Passages, Courts and Places made and laid out, and thereafter to be made and laid out, within the Limits mentioned and described in the said Act, and for other Purposes of the said Act: And Whereas certain Parts of New Palace Yard, Saint Margaret's Street, Old

CAP. XXXVIII.

[10th June 1825.]

4 Palace

174

C. 38.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Streets now under Care of Surveyor General of Works to be placed under Care of the Commissioners acting under 5 G.4. c. 100.

Palace Yard, and the Streets and Places adjoining thereto, are, as to the paving, lighting and cleansing thereof, under the Charges and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works; and it would be adviseable that the same should, from and after the passing of this Act, be placed under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas it would also be adviseable that the Committee for paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint James Westminster should be authorized and required to convert ' so much of the Carriage Pavement of Pall Mall as extends in

front of Carlton Palace, and thence eastward to Cockspur Street,

into broken Stone Road; and it would be adviseable that the 5 Committee for paving the Parish of Saint Martins in the Fields should be authorized and required to convert so much of the

Carriage Pavement of Cockspur Street and of Charing Cross

Street, and that Part of Poll Mall East, westward of Suffolk ' Street, as lies within their Jurisdiction, into broken Stone Road; c and it would also be adviseable that the Committee for paving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist c in Westminster should be authorized and required to convert the c Carriage Pavement of that Part of Parliament Street which lies within their Jurisdiction, and that Part of Bridge Street to the eastward of Parliament Street, into broken Stone Road; and that the Declarations and Provisions hereinafter contained should ' be made with respect to all Streets and Places in the City and 1 Liberty of Westminster, and the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone ' and Saint Pancras, in which broken Stone Road has been or ' hereafter shall be substituted for the ordinary Pavement May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Part of Netv Palace Yard, Saint Margaret Street and Old Palace Yard, and the Streets and Places adjoining thereto, as are now, as to the paving, lighting and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, shall from and after the passing of this Act be, and remain, as to the paving, lighting and cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also be and remain to all Intents and Purposes subject to and within the Jurisdiction, Power and Authority of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as if the said Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, had been included in and delineated and set out in the Plan marked Number Three, mentioned in the said recited Act.

II. And Whereas a Map or Plan, marked Number Four, has been prepared, for the Purpose of distinguishing which of the ' aforesaid Streets and Places, or what Parts thereof respectively are, as to the paving, lighting and cleansing thereof, under the c Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, and on the said Map or Plan so much of the Car-

e riage

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 38.

175

riage Pavement of the said Streets and Places as is under the

4 Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, is coloured Brown; and so much of the Foot

4 Pavement of the said Streets and Places as is under the Charge

and Management of the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's

4 Works, is coloured Pink; Be it further enacted, That the said Plan fordls-

Map or Plan, after the same shall have been authenticated by the languishing

Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Streets placed

Commons, shall be deposited with and shall remain in the Cus- u"d(:r Com '

9 m l 9 missioners oi

tody of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Woods &c.

Land Revenues, and shall at all Times hereafter be conclusive Evidence for Evidence for the Purpose of determining what Parts of the said Purpose herein Carriage and Foot Pavement are by this Act placed under the mentioned. Charge and Management of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and One Copy of the said Map or Plan, authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall be deposited in the Parliament Office, and One other Copy so signed shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, within Three Months after the passing of this Act; and all Per- Plans may be sons shall at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect the inspected, said Maps or Plans at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of Fee.

One Shilling for such Inspection, and to take Copies from the Copies allowed, said Maps or Plans, or from any Part or Parts thereof, paying Fee> the Sum of One Shilling for every Copy taken.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Powers and of this Act, all the Duties and Powers of the Surveyor General Property of

of his Majesty's Works, with respect to the paving, lighting and ^Yn^Streets16"

cleansing of the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and to ceaseo

Places, which are by this Act placed under the Jurisdiction of

the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act

of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also

the Property of the said Surveyor General in the Materials of

the Pavement of, and also in all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts,

Pcails, Fences and Gates, in and upon and belonging to the said Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, shall cease and be determined.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Property now of this Act, the Stone, Granite and other Materials forming the vested in Sur-present Pavement of the Streets and Places, or Parts of Streets to be veste^tn and Places hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the Commis- Commissioners sioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth under5G.4. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Property of which c. loo.

is now vested in the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, Rails, Fences and Gates, in and upon and belonging to the said Streets and Places, and the Property of which is now vested in the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, shall be the Property of and vested in the said last mentioned Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Carriage Streets to be and Foot Pavement of the Streets and Places, and Parts of lighted and Streets and Places, hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the j*Gpair(id 118 Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the heret0 ore *

Fifth

C. 38.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

The said Commissioners may break up Pavement, and re- i. place the same with broken Materials.

Persons offending herein.

Penalty.

Powers of former Act extended to Streets now placed under Care of the said Commissioners.

Rates to be made by the said Commissioners.

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as up to the Time of the passing of this Act hath been kept in repair by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works, shall from and after the passing of this Act be kept in repair by the said Commissioners; and the said Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, shall from and after the passing of this Act be lighted and cleansed by the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as the same have been heretofore lighted and cleansed by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take up the Whole or any Part of the Carriage Pavement hereby placed under their Charge and Management, and to replace the same with broken Stone, Granite, Flint, Gravel, or other Firm and sufficient Materials, as they the said Commissioners shall judge fit, upon such Levels and in such Manner as they shall think best, and from time to time to amend and keep in repair the same with the like Materials; and if any Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form of or break up any Part of the Carriage or Foot Pavement hereby placed under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, or any Part of the new Road to be formed by the replacing of any Part of the said Carriage Pavement in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Pavement or Road to its former State.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the several Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the Commissioners acting in Execution thereof, and all the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained respecting the Streets and Places which are by that Act placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, or such of the said Clauses and Provisions as can be in any Manner considered applicable to the Streets and Places, or Parts of Streets and Places, hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall be and the same are hereby extended and made applicable to the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, which are by this Act placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Clauses and Provisions had been hereby severally repeated and re-enacted with reference to the said last mentioned Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, for the Purpose of paving or repairing, cleansing, lighting or watering the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, which are hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners Once in every Year, if they shall judge it needful, upon all or any of the Plouses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses,

18 Stables,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 38.

177

Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, in any such Streets or Places, or Parts of Streets or Places, in such Manner and in such Proportions amongst the said Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings or Tenements, and in such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; but so nevertheless as that such Hate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the Sums of Money next hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) for paving and repairing, cleansing and lighting the said Streets and Places, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults,

Buildings and Tenements, and for watering the said Streets and Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of the said Houses and other Tenements.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the several Clauses, Powers for Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the ^e^lon Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Reference

to the making of the Rates in that Act authorized to be made, and with Reference to the Payment thereof, and the Liability to pay the same, and with Reference to the Recovery thereof when in arrear, and also with Reference to the borrowing of Money by the said Commissioners on the Security of such Rates, shall be, and the same are hereby extended and made applicable to the making of the Rates by this Act authorized to be made, and to the Payment and Recovery thereof, and to the enabling the said Commissioners to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money on the Security thereof, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Powers and Provisions had been severally hereby repeated and re-enacted with Reference thereto.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no greater Sum borrowed Sum in the whole than the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall not to exceed be borrowed by the said Commissioners, on the Security of the 20>000

Rates hereby authorized to be made.

XI. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners Accounts to be shall, at their Second Meeting in every Year, cause an Account made UP;

of the Monies received and disbursed by them for the Purposes of this Act in the preceding Year and the amount of the Arrears then due of Rates made under the Authority of this Act, and of the Balance of Cash in Hand, to be made out; which Account it may bein-shall be lawful for all Persons rated or assessed by the said Com- spec ted. missioners under the Authority of this Act, and all Persons interested therein, at all seasonable Times to inspect.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to affect hereinbefore contained shall extend to remove or diminish the Liability of Liability of any Parish, Person, or Body Politic or Corporate what- ^h^rsons soever, other than and except the said Surveyor General of His orepall. Majesty'^ Works, with respect to the paving, repairing, lighting,

watching and cleansing of the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, hereby placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but such Liability shall xontinue as if this Act had not passed; any Thing

N herein-

6° GEO. IV.

5 G.4. c. 100.

As to Admiralty, repealed.

Street opposite to Admiralty Office placed, as to paving, &c. under Commissioners under recited Act, Sec.

Admiralty to be Commissioners.

St. James's Paving Commissioners to replace certain Pavements.

Expence by whom paid.

St. Martin's Paving Commissioners to replace certain Pavements.

Expence by whom paid.

C. 38.

A.D. 1825.

hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act relative to the Admiralty, be and hereby are repealed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Street in front of the Admiralty Office and its Appurtenances as is or has been vested in the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or his or their Secretary in their Behalf, shall hereafter be and remain, as to the paving, lighting or cleansing thereof, under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be continued to prevent the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral from making any Alteration in or Addition to the Buildings of the Admiralty Office or its Appurtenances, or the Entrances and Access to the same, or in the Lamps or Lights attached to the said Buildings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty and their Secretaries for the Time being shall be Commissioners for executing this and the said recited Act, conjointly with the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee for the Time being for paving, cleansing and lighting, or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and they are hereby authorized and required, to convert the Carriage Pavement of so much of Pall Mall as extends in front of Carlton Palace, and thence eastward to Cockspur Street, into a broken Stone Road, and for that Purpose to take up the present Pavement, and replace the same with broken Stone, Granite, Flint, Gravel or other firm and sufficient Materials, in like Manner and in every respect to correspond with Waterloo Place, and from time to time to amend and keep in repair the same with the like Materials; and the Expences of converting the said Pavement into broken Stone Road, and of repairing and amending the same, shall be paid by the said Committee out of the Monies arising from the Rates made by them for the paving, cleansing and lighting the said Parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee for the Time being, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin s in the Fields, and they are hereby authorized and required to convert the Carriage Pavement of so much of Cockspitr Street and Charing Cross Street, and of that Part of Pall Mall EasMying to the westward of Suffolk Street, as lies within their Jurisdiction, into a broken Stone Road, and for that Purpose to take up the present Pavement, and replace the same with broken Stone, Granite, Flint, Gravel or other firm and sufficient Materials, in like Manner and in every respect to correspond with that Portion of Charing Cross Street within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which lies to the southward, and immediately communicates therewith, and from time to time to amend and keep in repair the same with like Materials; and the Expences of converting the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 38 *

179

Said Pavement into broken Stone Road, and of repairing and

amending the same, shall be paid by the said Committee out of

the Monies arising from the Rates made by them for the paving,

lighting and cleansing of the said Parish: Provided always, that it How ^ar on*y

shall not be lawful for the said Committee for the Time being for

paving, lighting and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martins in the charing Cross

Fields, to alter the present Level of the Street commonly called Street.&

Charing Cross Street so as in any way to raise the Foot Pavement

or Carriage Pavement on the eastern Side of the said Street,

without the Consent of Two thirds of the Inhabitants or Occupiers

of the several Houses on the eastern Side of the said Street, from

Nos. 9. to 28. inclusive, first had and obtained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First No Stand for Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, it Coaches for shall not be lawful for any Person to stand and ply for Hire with *"Iire in Cock-any Hackney Coach or Chariot, or any Carriage on Two Wheels, in spur Street>&c* any Part of Cockspur Street, or in any Place in that Portion of

Charing Cross Street which lies to the northward of the Admiralty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, any Person shall stand and ply for Hire with any such Coach or Chariot, or any Carriage, on Two Wheels, in any Part of Cockspur Street, or in any Place in that Portion of Charing Cross Street which lies to the northward of the Admiralty, the Party so offending shall, on the Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (and the Informer is hereby rendered a credible Witness) before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or before the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament for the licensing and regulating of Hackney Coaches and Chairs in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, for every such Offence, one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the King's most Excellent Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors; and if such Offender shall not pay the said Penalty immediately on Conviction, he shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that all such last mentioned Offences shall be prosecuted within Seven Days next after the same shall be committed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee for Paving, or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist Westminster, and they are hereby authorized and required to convert the Carriage Pavement of so much of Parliament Street as lies within their Jurisdiction, and that Part of Bridge Street extending from the east Side of Parliament Street to Westminster Bridge, into a broken Stone Road, and for that Purpose to take up the present Pavement, and replace the same with broken Stone, Granite, Flint, Gravel or other firm and sufficient Materials, in like Manner as and to correspond in every respect with that

X 2 Portion

Persons offending in respect thereof.

Penalty.

If not paid, House of Correction.

Limitation of Prosecution.

St. Margaret's and St. John's Paving Commissioners to replace certain Pavements.

180

Expence by whom paid.

Streets, though formed of broken Materials, to be deemed paved Streets.

57 G.3, e.xxix § 77, 78.

C. 38. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Portion of Parliament Street under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and from time to time to amend and keep in repair the same with like Materials; and the Expences of converting the said last mentioned Pavement into broken Stone Road, and of repairing and amending the same, shall be paid by the said last mentioned Committee out of the Monies arising from the Rates made by them for the paving, lighting and cleansing of the said Two last mentioned Parishes.

XXI. And Whereas Doubts maybe entertained whether those Streets or Places in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, in which a Roadway formed of broken Granite, Flint, Stone, Gravel or other Materials, has been or hereafter shall be substituted for the ordinary Pavement, are ' to be deemed and considered as paved Streets or Places within the meaning of the several Acts relating to paved Streets and Places within the said City and Liberty and Parishes For obviating such Doubts, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Streets and Places as aforesaid shall be deemed and considered, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as paved Streets and Places within the meaning of the several Acts relating to paved Streets and Places within the said City and Liberty and Parishes; and all Houses, Buildings and other Tenements shall be subject and liable to the same Rates as they would have been subject and liable to, in case the said Streets and Places had been and remained paved in the ordinary Manner.

XXII. And Whereas it will be expedient that the several Streets and Places aforesaid should be kept properly watered:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, certain Powers are given to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Controul of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Cities of Loridon and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and any other Parts of the Metropolis which are included within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the said Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary-le-bone, except such Parts thereof as are in the said Act particularly mentioned, with respect to the watering of the Streets and other public Places within their respective Jurisdictions, and with respect to the doing of all Matters and Things necessary for that Purpose, and with respect to the making of Rates for defraying the Charges thereof, but subject to a Proviso, that the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may not rate or assess the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, or other rateable Property within any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of that Act with any such further or additional Rate or Assessment as in that Act mentioned, unless a Majority of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of suclf Houses, Hereditaments and Premises,

and other rateable Property (such Majority not being less than

4 Three

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 38, 39.

181

4 Three fourths of such Inhabitants or Occupiers within such Streets or Public Places), shall, at the same or some previous Time, have signified and expressed their Wish and Consent in Writing, that such Street or public Place should be watered,

and shall have signed their Names to such Writing, and delivered or caused the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being Be it further enacted,

That the said last mentioned Proviso shall be and the same is Repealed as to hereby repealed and made void, as to all those Streets and Places certain Places, in the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and in the said Parishes of Saint Mary de-bone and Saint Pancras, in which a Roadway formed of broken Granite, Flint, -Stone, Gravel or other Materials, has been or hereafter shall be substituted for the ordinary Pavement.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further declared and en- Proviso for acted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Powers of deemed or construed to extend, to prejudice, diminish, alter or Commissioners take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the 0 ewers' Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster,

and Part of the County of Middlesex, but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Land, House, Shop, Premises not Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tene- Fable to other ment or Premises whatever, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction

of the Commissioners under the said recited Act or of this Act, missioned, and the Occupier or Owner whereof shall be rated and assessed in respect thereof by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall, after the making of such Rate, be liable to any local Rate or Assessment under any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, Poor Rate and Exception. Church Rate only excepted, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall tyoviso for

exempt from the Highway Rates of the Parish of Saint Mary-le- Ra*es

bone any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, £ ary' e-

Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement or Premises which shall abut immediately upon any Road or Highway now or hereafter to be maintained by the Highway Rates of the said Parish.

An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Van Diemen's Land Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in His Majesty's Island of Van Diemen's Land, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[loth June 1825.]

WHEREAS there are in His Majesty's Island of Van Diemens Land divers Waste Lands, which might be cultivated to Advantage, if sufficient Capital were raised for that Purpose: And Whereas in the said Island of Van Diemen's Land there are a large Number of Convicts, who are at present

CAP. XXXIX.

maintained

182

C. 39.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

In case His Majesty shall grant a Charter for forming a Corporation, it shall be called u The Van Diemen's Land Company."

Company may appoint Agents and Attornies in the Island.

maintained at the Public Expence, some of whom might be advantageously employed in the Cultivation of such Waste Lands as aforesaid, and thereby a considerable annual Saving would accrue to the Public: And Whereas divers Persons are willing to contribute and raise by Subscription among themselves such a Capital Sum as will be necessary for bringing into Cultivation such of the said Waste Lands as His Majesty may be pleased to grant to them, and for the Employment thereon of a large Number of Convicts: And Whereas the beneficial Objects aforesaid cannot be effectually attained, unless His Majesty should be pleased, by His Charter, to constitute and declare the Persons aforesaid One Body Politic and Corporate; and in the Event of such a Charter being granted, it will be necessary,

with a View to the beneficial Objects aforesaid, to vest in the said Company such Powers and Authorities as cannot be granted without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty shall, within Three Years after the passing of this Act, be pleased, by Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant that such and so many Persons as shall be named therein, and all and every such other Persons and Person as from time to time shall be admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Van Diemens Land Company," and to declare that the said Corporation so to be made and created, shall be established for the Purpose of cultivating Waste Lands in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and in any Islands or Territories which may at any future Time be made dependent thereupon, and for such other lawful Purposes as to His Majesty may seem meet; then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation to hold to them and their Successors such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within the said Island of Van Diemen s Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, as shall or may be granted by His Majesty to them and their Successors, within the said Island or its Dependencies, or as shall be contracted for and purchased or acquired by them therein; and to hold, alienate, sell, exchange and dispose of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, upon, under and subject to such Conditions, Provisoes, Limitations and Restrictions as His Majesty, by such His Charter, may impose, direct or prescribe.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawdul for the said Company from time to time to appoint any Person or Persons to act as and be the Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies of the said Company, in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, for the Purpose of conducting and managing, under the Controul and Direction of the Directors of the Company, the Affairs and Business of the Company in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, and entering into such Contracts for the Company, as the Directors thereof, may lawfully make, and to such Extent, and subject to such Restrictions, as

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 39.

183

the Directors shall think fit; and every such Appointment from time to time to revoke and recall, as Occasion may require; and the said Company shall be and are hereby authorized to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law or in Equity, within the Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, by and in the Name of such Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies as aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Appointment of such Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies as aforesaid, be made by the said Company under their Common Seal (and do set forth the Powers given by the said Company to such Agent or Agents), and that the same be duly recorded and inrolled in the Supreme Court of the said Island of Van Diemen's La?idy established under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of His Majesty's Charter of Incorporation, being duly verified on Oath before One of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, shall be transmitted to the said Island of Van Diemen s Land, and inrolled in the said Supreme Court in the said Island; and such Inrolment shall, within the said Island of Van Diemen's Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, be and be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence of the Contents of such Charter of Incorporation, to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Artificer, Handicraftsman, Clerk, Mechanic, Gardener, Servant in Husbandry or other Labourer, not being under the Age of Eighteen Years, to contract with the said Company, to serve the said Company in the said Island of Van Diemens Land; and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner and Form, and upon, under and subject to all such and the same Conditions and Regulations, as are sanctioned and prescribed in and by the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in respect to Contracts entered into for the like Purposes with any private Person or Persons; and all such Artificers, and other Person or Persons as aforesaid, entering into any such Contract as aforesaid with the said Company, shall be subject and liable to be proceeded against in such and the same Manner as is provided in like Cases in and by the said Act; and in case of any such Artificers or other Persons as aforesaid being employed, retained, harboured or concealed by any Persons or Person in the said Island, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to bring and maintain such and the like Actions against the Persons or Person so employing, retaining, harbouring or concealing them or him, as maybe brought and maintained in such and the like Cases under and by virtue of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, and in the Profits and Advantages

N 4 thereof,

Such Appointment to be under the Cofn-mon Seal, to set forth the Powers of Agents, and to be recorded.

4 G.4. c. 96.

Charter verified on Oath, transmitted to Van Diemen's Land, and in-roiled.

Artificers and Labourers empowered to contract with Company,

as by G.4. c«96. § 4.

Actions by Company when Artificers employed, &c. by other Persons.

Shares to be

Personal

Rotate.

6° GEO. IV.

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificate of their Shares delivered to them.

Such Certificates to be Evidence.

Payment of

Subscriptions

regulated.

How recovered.

Interest there* on.

When there are Two or more Joint Owners, the Person whose Name stands first for divided Shares, deemed Proprietor, and entitled to vote for the whole Property.

C. 39.

A.D. 1825.

thereof, shall be and be deemed Personal Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or the Directors thereof, shall cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who have subscribed for, or may at any Time hereafter be entitled to a Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, with the Number of such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk; and after such Entry, a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company, and countersigned by the Clerk, shall be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Company; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or may hereafter subscribe for and towards the said Capital Stock of the said Company, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof, as shall from time to time be called for pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Directors of the said Company; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Sums of Money, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Directors aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same, together with lawful Interest from such appointed Time of Payment, from such Person or Persons; or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for, or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, then from all, any or either of such Persons.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares shall, for all the Purposes of the said Company and of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, shall and may be given to, or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company, and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Vote

or

C. 39.

185

er Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company, as Proprietors of such Share or Shares, and his Vote shall, on all Occasions, be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Company, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, of which they shall respectively be possessed - and every such Transfer shall or may be in the Form and to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 J (or we) of

4 in consideration of paid to me (or us) by

of do hereby bar-

gain, sell, assign and transfer unto the said

the Sum of Capital Stock of

and in the Undertaking called The Van Die?ien's Land

4 Company," being Share (or Shares)

4 Number (or Numbers) in the said

4 Undertaking, and all Benefit and Advantage to arise from the

same; to hold to the said Executors,

Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders,

4 Regulations, and on the same Conditions that I (or we) held

the same immediately before the Execution hereof; and I (or

4 we) the said do hereby agree to ac-

cept and take the said Share (or Shares)

subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions.

As witness Hand and Seal, this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And everjr such Transfer shall be produced to the Clerk of the said Company, and shall be registered by him in the Books of the said Company, and the Registry thereof shall specify the Dates, Names of the Parties and the Number of Shares transferred, and a Copy of such Register signed by the said Clerk or other Officer of the said Company duly authorized thereunto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Transfer, and be admitted and received as such; and until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall receive any Interest or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, and he, she or they shall not be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Company in respect of such Share or Shares, until after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after such Transfer shall have been registered; and when and so often as the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Capital of the Company shall have been duly registered by virtue of this Act, the former Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and his or her Executors and Administrators, shall thenceforth be acquitted and for ever discharged of and from all Claims

and

Shares may be transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Transfer to be registered.

Copy thereof Evidence of Transfer.

On Register of Transfer, former Proprietor discharged from Claims of Company.

6° GEO. IV.

No Share to be sold, after Call is made and due, till Money paid.

Penalty.

Penalty to be declared.

Proofs required where Rights accrue by Marriage.

When by Death of former Proprietor.

Request not to affect Company with Notice of Trust.

C. 39.

A.D. 1825.

and Demands on the Part of the Company on account of such Share or Shares, or in any wise relating thereto.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall have been made and become due and payable by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the Capital Stock of the said Company, until the Money so called for or in respect of his, her or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void, and all and every Persons and Person making Default therein, shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, and all Benefits and Advantages attending the same, to and for the general Benefit of the said Company, unless he, she or they shall, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be first notified and declared in Manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Call to be made thereon as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall claim any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, or the Profits thereof, in right of Marriage, an Affidavit containing a Copy? of the Register of such Marriage, or the Purport of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, before a Judge of some Court of Record, or Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, and shall be delivered to and left with the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, who shall preserve the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk, for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking, before such Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend or Dividends in respect thereof; and when any Person or Persons shall claim any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company or the Profits thereof, under or by virtue of any Will or Bequest, or in course of Administration, the Probate Copy of the Will or Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk, who shall make an Entry of such Will, or of so much thereof as shall relate to the Disposition of the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, before any Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Dividend or Dividends in respect thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no Bequest or Clause in any such Will contained, shall bind or affect the said Company with Notice of any Trust or Disposition of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, or the Profits thereof; but the Registry

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C.S9.

187

gistry of every such Share or Shares shall be in the Name or Names of the Executor or Executors who shall prove the Will of such Testator, or Administrator or Administrators of his Effects, whose Receipt or Receipts to the said Company for the Gains and Profits thereof, and to any Purchaser or Purchasers for the Amount of the Purchase Money paid upon the Sale and Conveyance of such Share or Shares, shall be good and effectual, and shall bind the Cestuique Trusts and all other Persons claiming in Trust or otherwise under such Testator, any Rule of Law or Equity to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And Whereas in Cases where the Holder or Proprietor of any One or more Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company shall die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go or be resident out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right or Interest to some other Person or Persons, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk to the 6 said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company to know who is or are the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them, his, her or their Executors, Administrators,

4 Successors or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he,

she or they may be entitled Be it therefore further enacted, That in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner hereinbefore specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two or more credible Persons, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the said Island of Van Diemen s Land, or in such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, before a Judge of some Court of Record, or Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Island of Van Diemens Land, or for such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such Proprietor or Proprietors in the Registry Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Company, to be kept in the Office of the said Company; and until such Affidavit shall have been so delivered or left with the said Clerk as aforesaid, no such Person or Persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such Share or Shares, or to claim Payment of any Interest or Dividends in respect thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for

Money

Affidavit for ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases herein mentioned.

No Sale till

Affidavit

made.

Directors may make Calls on Proprietors.

188

C. 39.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Amount, &c. Times for making such Calls regulated.

In Default of Payment of Calls, Shares to be forfeited.

No Advantage thereof until after Notice to Owner of Share.

Such Forfeiture an Indemnity against Actions between Owner and Company.

Money from the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Company, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each of the Shares held by him, her or them respectively, in the Capital Stock of the said Company, as the said Directors shall from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the said Company, so that no One such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, for or in respect of any One Share of One hundred Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Three Calendar Months at least from another; and the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid to or for the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and the said several Sums of Money so called for shall be paid at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the Directors of the said Company, of which Time and Place Twenty Days' previous Notice at least shall be given in the London Gazette, and in Two or more of the Daily London Newspapers, as the said Directors shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber, or any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by the Directors as aforesaid, during the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, together with lawful Interest from the appointed Time of Payment, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, and all Profits and Advantages thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Compaq; and all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited shall or may at any Time or Times thereafter be sold at a Public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital of the said Company; but no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares until after Thirty Days' Notice shall have been given by the Directors of the said Company, under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Meeting of the said Proprietors which shall be held not earlier than Three Calendar Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor and Proprietors, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions, for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and the said Company, with regard to the future carrying on and managing of the said Company.

6° GEO. IV. C. 39.

189

XV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That all and every Contract or Contracts made or entered into by or on behalf of any Governor, Deputy Governor, Director or Auditor and Examiner of Accounts of the said Company, or any Agent or Servant of the said Company, or in which any such Governor, Deputy Governor, Director or Auditor and Examiner, or Agent or Servant, shall be either directly or indirectly interested or concerned for doing or causing to be done any Work for or on Behalf of the said Company, or for supplying any of the Articles or Materials or Things to or for the Use of the said Company, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every such Governor, Deputy Governor, Director and Auditor and Examiner of Accounts, Agent and Servant, who shall enter into any such Contract or Contracts as aforesaid, shall ipso facto cease to be such Governor, Deputy Governor, Director or Auditor or Examiner, Agent or Servant, as the Case may be, and a new Election of some other Proprietor duly qualified shall take place in the Manner herein mentioned; and every such Person shall also for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster > by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, Essoign or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of every General Meeting of the said Company, and of every Meeting of Directors of the said Company, shall be entered by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the Governor, Deputy Governor, or such One of the Directors or Proprietors of the said Company who shall be in the Chair at each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever, and by and before all Judges, Justices and others.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences whatsoever, which by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, or by or under any Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation to be made in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act or the said Charter, are or shall be subject to or punishable with any pecuniary Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for the Recovery of which no express Provision is hereinbefore made, shall and may in every Case be heard, adjudged and determined by or before Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the County or Place, or in and for the said Island of Van Diemens Land, or in such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, where the Offence shall be committed, in a summary Way, upon Information or Complaint made and exhibited within Six Calendar Months at farthest next after the committing of such Offences respectively, and not afterwards; and upon any such Information or Complaint as aforesaid, the said Justices shall examine

into

Contracts made by or on behalf of Governors, Directors or Auditors, for Work or Materials, void.

Governors, &c. making such Contract deprived, &c.

Penalty.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose,

and allowed m Evidence.

Recovery of Penalties.

190

C. 39.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Costs.

Distress.

Penalties, how applied.

Offender committed till Se-. curity for Appearance.

If no Distress, &c.

Imprisonment.

Conviction of Offenders,

into the Matter thereof, and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or on the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of having committed such Offence or Offences, then and in every such Case the Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures hereby made payable in respect of such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs of Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justices, shall be forthwith paid by the Party or Parties so convicted as aforesaid; and in case such Party or Parties so convicted shall refuse or neglect to pay the same forthwith, then (except in Cases otherwise provided for by this Act) the same shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such Justices (which they are hereby empowered and required to grant), be levied and recovered, together with the Cost of Conviction and Recovery thereof, to be ascertained by such Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if any) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be distrained; One Moiety of which Penalties, not herein directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, and in the said Island of Van Diemen's Land, or in such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, to any public charitable Institution to be named by the said Justices; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, for his, her or their Appearance before the said Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Fourteen Days from the Time of taking such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant or Warrants it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had whereupon to levy the said Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and such Costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, then it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby required and empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have fully paid such Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and all other Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be ascertained by such Justices, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law.

XVIII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders, be it further enacted, That every Conviction under this Act shall be in the Form and to the Effect following; that is to say,

BE

. A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C, 39.

191

4 1 DE it remembered, That on the Form of Con-

4 to wit. j Day of, in the Year of our Action.

4 Lord is (or are) convicted

before us of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

for by virtue of an Act of Parliament

passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth,

intituled (here insert the Title of this Act), of having (specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place 'when and 'where the same was committed, as the Case may he), contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence we do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of Given

under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above 6 written. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, Appeal to the thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order, 9, uarter Ses- Judgment or Determination relating to any Matter or Thing by 91°ns* this Act mentioned or contained, or by any Judgment or Determination made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Order or Bye Law, may, within Three Calendar Months next after such Order,

Judgment or Determination shall have been made or given (first giving Ten Days' Notice of Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against), complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the City, County or District, as well in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, or such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, as in the United Kingdom aforesaid, in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such City, County or District; and the said Justices may, if they see Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order, Judgment or Determination; but no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance proceedings of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be not quashed for removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, want Form, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or N° Certiorari, elsewhere, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justices may award and order the Party for whom such Appeal shall be determined such Costs as they Costs, shall adjudge reasonable and proper; and all Determinations of Judgment the said Justices shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all final.

Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Attendance of shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or for any Offence against any Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation to be made in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act or the said Charter, either on the Behalf of the Prosecutor, or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, shall refuse Refusal to at-or neglect to appear from time to time at the Time and Place tend on tender to be for that Purpose appointed, after having been paid or ten- of Expences, or

dered to be sworn.

192

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

What deemed Service of Notices, &c. on Company.

Perjury.

[Public Act.]

dered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs and Expences, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakeress, on solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service upon any Director of the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or on the Clerk of the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or otherwise, under this Act, upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakeress, on solemn Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she or they had been convicted of the Crime of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall extend to and be in force in the said Island of Van Diemens Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, in the United Kingdom aforesaid, and in the said Island and its Dependencies, without being specially pleaded.

4 G.4. c. 64. § 54, 55.

CAP. XL.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in England, in certain Cases, to borrow Money on Mortgage of the Rate of the County, Riding or Place, for which such Justices shall be then acting.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laxvs relating to the building, repairing and regidating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales, Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled have in certain Cases Authority from time to time to borrow and take up, on Mortgage of the Rate of the County or Riding, or of the Division of the County, or of the District City, Town or Place for which such Quarter Sessions are holden, such Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Justices shall appear necessary and expedient for carrying into effect the Provisions of the said recited Act, as far as regards the building or rebuilding, repairing or enlarging the Gaol, or the House or Houses of Correction of the said County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town or Place, in Sums not less than Fifty

4 Pounds,

C. 40.

193

Pounds, nor exceeding One PI undr ed Pounds each, and to charge the said Rate with the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and with the Payment of such further Sum as shall ensure the Payment of the whole of the Sum so borrowed, within

Fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the same: and Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of flis present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending an Act of the last Sessio?i of Parliament, relating to the building, repairing and enlarging of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction, and for procuring Information as to the State of all other Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales, Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled are, for the Purpose of facilitating the Reduction of the Rate of Interest, in like Manner empowered, in the Cases therein mentioned, to borrow on Mortgage of the said Rate any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding in the whole the Principal Sum of Money that may £ then be outstanding on the Securities theretofore granted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and therewith to discharge the Whole or any Part of the Money for which such

Securities shall have been given: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics,

being Paupers or Criminals, in England, Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled have Authority, in Manner set forth in the said Act, to borrow and to take up, on Mortgage of the County Rate, such Sums as to them or the major Part of them shall appear to be necessary and expedient for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of the said recited Act: And Whereas it may be expedient for the purpose of facilitafcing the Reduction of the Rate of Interest on Money borrowed in like Manner, but under the Provisions of any Act or Acts other than the said recited Acts or either of them, that the Justices of the Peace should have Power to borrow on Mortgage of the said Rate any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Principal Sum of Money that may then be outstanding, on any Securities so granted under any such Act or Acts other than the said recited Acts or either of them, and therewith to discharge the Whole or any Part of the Money for which such last mentioned Securities shall have been given: And Whereas it may enable Justices of the Peace, when at any Time hereafter they shall treat with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any Sum or Sums of Money to be secured as directed by the said recited Acts or either of them,

or by any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid, to contract for such Loan or Loans upon Terms more advantageous to the County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town or Place, for which such Justices shall be then acting, than at present are likely to be obtained, if such Justices have Power so as aforesaid to borrow any such Sum or Sums of Money, and therewith to discharge the Security or Securities held by any Person or Persons who shall be desirous that such Security or Securities so held by him, her or them, shall be in whole or in part paid off and discharged Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

6 Geo. IV. O Lords

5 G.4. c. 35.

§ 20.

48 G.9. c. 96. §8,

194

C. 40.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Justices empowered to borrow Money on Mortgage of County Rates, to pay off any Mortgage under recited Act.

Money not to be applied for any other Purpose.

Rates to be discharged within 14 Years.

Justices to give Notice of their Intention to pay off Securities.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall appear to the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town or Place, for which any Debt or Debts shall have been contracted under the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty or of either of them, or under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or under the Provisions of airy other Act or Acts, and which Debt or Debts shall be then remaining due in whole or in part, that Advantage or Convenience may arise to such County, Riding, Division or Place, from paying off the same, or any Part thereof, and that whenever any Person or Persons holding any such Security or Securities shall wish and desire that the Security or Securities so held by him, her or them, shall be paid off and discharged, it shall be lawful for the Justices so assembled, if they shall think fit, to borrow on Mortgage of the Rate of the County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town or Place, for which such General Quarter Sessions shall be holden, by Instrument in the Form directed by the said first recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Principal Sum of Money that may then he outstanding on the Securities thereto granted, and therewith to pay off and discharge the Whole or any Part of the Money for which such Securities shall have been given: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to use or apply any Portion of the Money to be borrowed under the Provisions of this Act, for any Purpose other than the Payment and Discharge of the Whole or Part of the Principal Sum then due, on the Securities granted as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Money to be borrowed under the Provisions of this Act shall be borrowed on such Terms and under such Conditions as shall in no way interfere with or prevent the full Payment and Discharge of the Money borrowed under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts, within Fourteen Years from the Time or Times that the Security or Securities so to be paid off and discharged with the Money borrowed under the Provisions of this Act shall have been so granted as aforesaid; and so that the Rate to be raised in such County, Riding, Division, District, City, Town or Place, shall, within Fourteen Years of the Time when the Money was originally borrowed, be discharged and released from all Securities which shall have been given for the due Discharge of such Debt.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices assembled as aforesaid shall have determined that the Whole or any Part of the Principal Sum so outstanding as aforesaid shall be paid off and discharged, they are hereby required to direct that the Clerk of the Peace shall give Notice of such their Determination to the Person or Persons holding such Security or Securities, as the said Justices shall have so determined to be paid off and discharged; and whenever any Person or Persons shall wish and desire that the Security or Securities, so held by him, her or them shall be paid off and discharged, such Person or Persons shall give to the Justices so assembled as aforesaid Notice

6° GEO. IV. C. 40, 41.

195

tice in Writing of such his, her or their Wish and Desire: Provided always, that no such Security or Securities shall be so paid off and discharged until after the Expiration of Six Months from the Day on which such Notice or Notices shall have been so given.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Delivery of such Notice of the Clerk of the-Peace at the House or Houses, or at the usual Place or Places of Residence of the Person or Persons holding such Security or Securities as shall have been determined as aforesaid to be paid off and discharged, shall be taken and deemed to be a good and sufficient Service of such Notice.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Interest payable on any Security or Securities ordered to be paid off and discharged, shall cease and determine on the Day specified in such Notice or Notices, as being the Day on which such Security or Securities is or are to be paid off and discharged: Provided always, that every Person upon whom such Notice of the Clerk of the Peace shall have been so served as aforesaid, and that every Person whose Security or Securities shall in conformity to his or her Wish and Desire, notified as aforesaid, have been ordered to be paid off and discharged, shall be entitled, upon Application made at any Time after the Expiration of the said Six Months to the Treasurer of the County, by himself or herself, or by his or her Attorney, to receive the Principal Sum or Sums for which such Security or Securitiesjshall have been granted, together with all Interest due thereon.

V. And Whereas Inconvenience and unnecessary Expence is occasioned by Justices "of the Peace not being authorized to borrow and take up, on the Mortgage of the Rate of the County or Riding, or of any Division of the County, or of the District,

4 City, Town or Place, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be required for carrying into Effect the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Sums exceeding One hundred Pounds each: Be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as directs that such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed and taken up shall be borrowed and taken up in Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable in Great Britain and Ireland upon the Transfer of Property in Ships and Vessels, and upon Bonds and Debentures required to be given in relation to the Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties of Customs or Excise; and to grant other Duties of Stamps on such Bonds and Debentures.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Stamp W Duties now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon Conveyances, so far as relates to any Conveyance, Assignment or Transfer of Property of or in any Ship or Vessel; and also to reduce the Stamp Duties payable upon Bonds given for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto in Great Britain or

O 2 4 Ireland

Proviso.

Delivery of Notice deemed sufficient Service.

Interest to cease on Days specified in Notice.

Proviso.

4 G.4. c. 64.

§54,

4G.4. c. 64. 5G.4. c. 85. as herein mentioned.

196

C. 41.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Stamp Duties on Bills of Sale, &c. of Vessels to cease.

Stamp Duties on Bonds given under Direction of Commissioners of Customs or Excise, and on Debentures or Certificates for receiving Drawbacks or Bounties, to cease.

Duties to be paid, on Bonds, and on Debentures or Certificates.

Exception.

4 Ireland respectively, or payable upon Debentures or Certificates for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback or Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Stamp Duties now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon or in respect of any Bill of Sale, or any Conveyance, Assignment or other Deed or Instrument whatever, for the Sale, Transfer or other Disposition, either absolutely or by Way of Mortgage, or otherwise, of any Ship or Vessel, or any Part, Interest, Share or Property of or in any Ship or Vessel, shall wholly cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Stamp Duties now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respective ^, upon any Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any of their Offices, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, and also all Stamp Duties now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon Debentures or Certificates for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain or Ireland respectively to any Part beyond the Seas, shall respectively cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and that in lieu thereof, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Stamp Duties following; that is to say, for and upon every Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, (except Bonds and other Securities exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act in force for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries, or relating to the Exportation of Tobacco from His Majesty's Warehouses, and except Coast Bonds, or Bonds relative to the carrying of Goods and Merchandize Coastwise, given pursuant to any Act in force for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain and Ireland, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Council by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,) the Sum of Five Shillings; for and upon every Debenture or Certificate for entitling any Person or Persons to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bount}^ payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods,

Wares

C. 41.

197

Wares or Merchandize exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain or Ireland, respectively, to any Parts beyond the Seas, (except Debentures or Certificates for Bounty exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Linen or Sail Cloth,) the Sum of Five Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain and Ireland, or the major Part of them respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the several Duties hereby granted, on the Amount thereof, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew such Stamps or Dies from time to time, as Occasion shall require, and also to emplo}^ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be deemed necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or any former Commissioners respectively are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Agent or other Person who shall be required by any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any of their Officers, to give or enter into any Bond for or in respect of any Duties of Customs or Excise, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any Matter or Thing relating thereto, .shall include in one and the same Bond any Goods or Things bona fide belonging to more Persons than one, not being Copartners, or Joint Tenants, or Tenants in Common, every such Agent or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties hereby repealed, and the several Acts of Parliament relating to any prior Duties of the same Kind or Description, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and to the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Instruments, Matters and Things charged or chargeable therewith, and to the Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

Exception.

Duties under Commissioners of Stamps.

Agents unduly including in same Bond Goods of different Persons. Penalty.

Powers of former Acts relating to Stamps toaextend to this Act.

198

C. 42.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

5 G.4. c. 7S.

repealed, as herein mentioned.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 72.

Cases in which Societies of Persons more than Six in Number may be Bankers in Ireland, and issue Bills and Notes.

wry Member iponsible. >twithstand-j 21 & 22 G. 3.

16. (I.)or

j2G.4, c.T2.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland.

[10th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of ParV y liament, intituled An Act to relieve Bankers in Ireland from divers Restraints imposed by the Provisions of the Twenty ninth of George the Second, and to render all and each of the Members of certain Copartnerships of' Bankers, which may be establish ed, liable to the Engagements of such Copartnerships, and to enable such Copartnerships to sue and be sued in the name of their Public Officer: And Whereas Societies and Copartnerships of Bankers have been formed, and are now carrying on Business in Ireland, under the Authority of the said recited Act: And Whereas Doubts have arisen on the Construction of the said recited Act, and it is expedient to make further Provision for the Regulation of such Societies and Copartnerships, and to encourage the further Introduction of British Capital into Banking Establishments in Ireland f Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, except so far as relates to any Acts, Matters and Things had or done under the said recited Act before the passing of this Act, and except so far as the said Act repeals any former Act or Acts, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to establish an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and to empower the said Governor and Company to increase the capital Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions, and it is expedient that the said last recited Act should be altered and amended; Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Number of Persons, united or to be united in any Society or Copartnership in Ireland, consisting of more than Six in Number, and not having the Establishments or Houses of Business of such Society or Copartnership at any Place or Places less than Fifty Miles distant from Dublin, to carry on the Trade and Business of Bankers, in like Manner as Copartnerships of Bankers, consisting of not more than Six in Number, may lawfully do; and to borrow, owe or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable on Demand, or at any Time after Date, or after Sight, and to make and issue such Notes or Bills accordingly at any Place in Ireland% exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, all the Individuals composing such Societies or Copartnerships being liable and responsible for the due Payment of all such Bills and Notes, in Manner hereinafter provided; any thing contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the

Reign

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

CA2.

199

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing a Bank, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or in the hereinbefore recited Act of the First and Second Years of His Present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Societies or ful for any such Society or Copartnership, from time to time to Copartnerships have, employ or appoint any Agent or Agents to do and trans- appoint act, on Behalf of any such Society or Copartnership, all such

Business, Matters and Things as such Society or Copartnership may lawfully do, and as are not contrary to any Act or Acts now in force, and to the Provisions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to allow in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Lsuing of enable or authorize any such Society or Copartnership, either by

any Member or Members thereof, or by their Agent or any other withirTcertain Person on Behalf of such Society or Copartnership, to pay, issue Limits, or reissue at Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof, any Bill or Note of such Society or Copartnership which shall be payable to Bearer on Demand, or any Bank Post Bill, nor to draw upon any Partner or Agent who may be resident in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof, any Bill of Exchange which shall be payable on Demand, or which shall be for less Amount than Fifty Pounds, nor to borrow, owe or take up, in England or in Dublin, or within Fifty Miles thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money on any Promissory Note or Bill of any such Society or Copartnership payable on Demand, or at any less Time than Six Months from the borrowing thereof, or to make or issue any Bill or Bills of Exchange or Promissory Note or Notes of such Society or Copartnership, contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of King George the Third, or of the First and Second of his present Majesty, save as provided by this Act in that Behalf.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Persons resi-contained in this Act or In any other Act or Acts shall extend |n Great or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons whatever,

whether resident in Great Britain or Ireland, from being or be- bers of such coming a Member or Members of any such Society or Copart- Copartnerships, nership in Ireland as aforesaid, or from being or becoming a Subscriber and Contributor, or Subscribers and Contributors, to the Stock and Capital of any such Society or Copartnership; and that any such Society or Copartnership which shall or may have been formed or begun to be formed under or by virtue of the Provisions contained in the hereinbefore recited Acts of the First and Second Years and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of which any Person or Persons shall be or shall become a Member or Members, or to which any such Person or Persons shall become a Subscriber or Subscribers, or Contributor or Contributors as aforesaid, shall be or be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Society or Copartnership of Persons united in Ireland, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Thing in this Act or in any other Act

O or

200

C. 42. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Banking Partnerships to deliver and register, at Stamp Office in Dublin, an Account of Names of Public Officers thereof and other Particulars.

What Persons considered as such Public Officers.

Neglecting to deliver Account, Penalty.

Stamp Office to give Certificates of Entry, to be in force to 25th March ensuing.

or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That between the Twenty fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, an Account or Return shall be made out by the Secretary or some other Officer of every such Society or Copartnership, and shall be signed by such Secretary or other Officer, and shall be verified by the Oath of such Officer taken before any Justice of the Peace (and which Oath any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), according to the Form contained in the Schedule Number One to this Act annexed; and in every such Account or Return there shall be set forth the true Name or Firm of such Society or Copartnership, and also the Names and Places of Abode of all the Partners concerned or engaged in such Society or Copartnership, as the same respectively appear, on the Books of such Society or Copartnership, and the Firm and Name of and every Bank or Banks established or to be established by such Society or Copartnership, and also the Names of Two or more Individuals of such Society or Partnership who shall be resident in Ireland, each and every of whom shall respectively be considered as a Public Officer of such Society or Copartnership, and the Title of Office or other Description of every such Individual respectively, in the Name of any One of whom such Society or Copartnership shall sue and be sued, as hereinafter provided, and also the Name of every Town and Place where any such Bills or Notes shall be issued by any such Society or Copartnership, or by any Agent or Agents of any such Society or Copartnership; and every such Account or Return shall be produced at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and an Entry and Registry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose at the said Stamp Office, by some Person or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if, after the passing of this Act, any such Society or Copartnership shall omit or neglect to deliver at the Stamp Office in Dublin such Account and Return as is by this Act required, such Society or Copartnership shall, for each and every Week they shall so neglect to make such Account and Return, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Entry and Registry of the Firm or Name of any such Society or Copartnership shall be made at the Stamp Office, in Manner aforesaid, at any Time between the Twenty fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, a Certificate of such Entry or Registry shall be granted by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or by some Person deputed and authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to the Society or Copartnership by or on whose Behalf such Entry or Registry shall be made, and such Certificate shall be written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly stamped with the Stamp required by Law for Certificates to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers in Ireland; and a separate and distinct Certificate on a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with a separate and distinct

Stamp,

6° GEO. IV. C. 42.

201

Stamp, shall be granted for and in respect of every Town and Place where any such Bill or Note shall be issued by any such Society or Copartnership, or by any Agent or Agents, for or on account of such Society or Copartnership; and every such Certificate shall specify the proper Firm, Style, Title or Name of such Society or Copartnership, under which such Notes are to be issued, and also the Name of the Town or Place, or the several Towns or Places where such Notes are to be issued, and the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode and Title of Office or other Description of the several Individuals named respectively, as the Public Officers of such Society or Copartnership in the Name of anjr One of whom such Society or Copartnership shall sue and be sued; and every Certificate shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted, and shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Twenty fifth Day of March following, both inclusive, and no longer, and shall be sufficient Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of such Public Officers respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Entry or Registry made, and any Certificate which shall have been obtained before the passing of this Act, at any Time on or after the Twenty fifth Day of March, in pursuance of the hereinbefore recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be deemed to all Intents and Purposes as an Entry, Registry and Certificate made and obtained under this Act, and shall have the like and the same Effect as every such Entry, Registry or Certificate, and no further Entry, Register or Certificate shall be necessary in such Case before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary or other Officer of any such Society or Copartnership, as Occasion may require, from time to time, in the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and in any succeeding Year, without obtaining any further Certificate for such Year and without Payment of any further Stamp Duty for such Year, to make out upon Oath, in Manner hereinbefore directed, an Account or Return of the Name or Names of any new or additional Public Officer or Public Officers, and also the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who may have ceased to be Members of such Society or Copartnership, and also the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who may have become a Member or Members of such Society or Copartnership, either in Addition to or in the Place or Stead of any former Member or Members, in the Form expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked Number Two; and such Accounts or Returns shall be from time to time produced and entered or registered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, in like Manner as is hereinbefore required with respect to the original Account or Return to be made for any such Year, in behalf of such Societ}^ or Copartnership.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Suits, and also all Petitions to found any Sequestration, or any Commission of Bankruptcy, against any Person or Persons who may be at any Time indebted to any such Society or Copartnership, and all

Proceedings

Particulars to be specified in Certificate.

Certificate Evidence of Appointment of Officers.

Entries and Certificates obtained under 5 G.4. c. 73. to remain valid to 25th March 1826.

Account and Registry of new Officers or Members in the Course of any Year may be made without further Certificate.

Societies or Partnerships may sue and be sued in the Name of any

202

C. 42.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

one of their Public Officers.

So of Indictments, &c. by Copartnerships.3

What such Indictments, &c. are to state.

So of other

Indictments,

&c.

Proceedings at Law or in Equity under any Sequestration or Commission of Bankruptcy, and all other Proceedings at Law and in Equity, to be commenced or instituted for or on behalf of any such Society or Copartnership, against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or others, whether Members of such Society or Copartnership or otherwise, for recovering any Debts or enforcing any Claims or Demands due to such Society or Copartnership, or for any other Matter relating to the Concerns of such Society or Copartnership, shall and lawfully may, from and after the passing of this Act, be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name of any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Petitioner for and on behalf of such Society or Copartnership; and that all Actions or Suits and Proceedings at Law or in Equity, to be commenced or instituted by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or others, whether Members of such Society or Copartnership or otherwise, against such Society or Copartnership, shall and lawfully may be commenced, instituted and prosecuted against any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership, as the nominal Defendant for and on behalf of such Society or Copartnership; and that all Indictments, Informations and Prosecutions, by or on behalf of such Society or Copartnership, for any Stealing or Embezzlement of any Money, Goods, Effects, Bills, Notes, Securities or other Property of or belonging to such Society or Copartnership, or for any Fraud, Forgery, Crime or Offence committed against or with Intent to injure or defraud such Society or Copartnership, shall and lawfully may be had, preferred and carried on in the Name of any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership; and that in all Indictments and Informations to be had or preferred by or on behalf of such Society or Copartnership, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, notwithstanding such Person or Persons may happen to be a Member or Members of such Society or Copartnership, it shall be lawful and sufficient to state the Money, Goods, Effects, Bills, Notes, Securities or other Property of such Society or Copartnership, to be the Money, Goods, Effects, Bids, Notes, Securities or other Property of any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership; and that any Forgery, Fraud, Crime or other Offence committed against or with Intent to injure or defraud such Society or Copartnership, shall and lawfully may in such Indictment or Indictments, notwithstanding as aforesaid, be laid or stated to have been committed against or with Intent to injure or defraud any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted for any such Forgery, Fraud, Crime or Offence; and that in all other Allegations, Indictments, Informations or other Proceedings of any Kind whatsoever, in which it otherwise might or would have been necessan^ to state the Names of the Persons composing such Society or Copartnership, it shah and may be lawful and sufficient to state the Name of any One of the Public

Officers

C. 42.

203

Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership; and the Death, Resignation, Removal or any Act of such Public Officer shall not abate or prejudice any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding commenced against or by or on behalf of such Society or Copartnership, but the same may be continued, prosecuted and carried on in the Name of any other of the Public Officers of such Society or Copartnership for the Time being.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having or claiming to have any Demand upon or against any such Society or Corporation, shall bring more than One Action or Suit in respect of such Demand; and the Proceedings in any Action or Suit by or against any One of the Public Officers nominated as aforesaid for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership, may be pleaded in bar of any other Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for the same Demand, by or against any other of the Public Officers of such Society or Copartnership.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons obtaining a Judgment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, against any such Public Officer for the Time being of any such Society or Copartnership; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby empowered, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, reciting the Effect of such Judgment, to authorize any Attorney or Attornies in Great Britain to appear for such Public Officer in an Action of Debt to be brought in any Court of Record in Great Britain against such Public Officer, at the Suit of the Person or Persons obtaining such Judgment in Ireland, and thereupon to confess Judgment forthwith in such Action for a Sum equal to the Sum for which Judgment shall have been so obtained in Irelandr, together with the Costs of such Proceeding; and such Judgment shall be thereupon entered up of Record in the said Court in Great Britain against such Public Officer, and shall have the like Effect in Great Britain against the Members of such Society or Copartnership as the original Judgment so obtained in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons obtaining a Judgment in any Court of Law in Great Britain against any such Public Officer for the Time being of any such Society or Copartnership in Ireland, and such Person or Persons is and are hereby empowered, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, reciting the Effect of such Judgment, to authorize any Attorney or Attornies in Ireland to appear for such Public Officer in an Action of Debt, to be brought in any Court of Record in Ireland against such Public Officer, at the Suit of the Person or Persons obtaining such Judgment in Great Britain, for a Sum equal to the Sum for which Judgment shall have been so obtained in Great Britain, together with the Costs of such Proceeding; and such Judgment shall be thereupon entered up of Record in the said Court in Ireland against such Public Officer, and shall have the same Effect in Ireland against the Members of such Society or Copartnership as the original Judgment so obtained in Great Britain.

Proceedings not to abate by Death, &c. of Officer.

Not more than One Action for the Recovery of One Demand.

Parties obtaining Judgment in Ireland may authorize the Acknowledgment of like Judgment in Great Britain.

And in like Manner Parties obtaining Judgment in Great Britain may proceed thereon in Ireland.

204;

C. 42.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Decrees and Orders of a Court of Equity against Public Officer to take Effect against Copartnership.

41 G.3. c. 90. and 5 G.4. c. 111. to extend to Proceedings in Equity, to which Public Officer shall be a Party.

Decrees, Judgments and Orders to be registered, and have Effect in Scotland.

Judgments against Public Officer in such Actions operate

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Decree or Decrees, Order or Orders, made or pronounced in any Suit or Proceeding in any Court of Equity, against any Public Officer of any such Society or Copartnership, shall have the like Effect and Operation upon and against the Property and Funds of such Society or Copartnership, and upon and against the Persons and Property of every Member thereof, as if all the Members of such Society or Copartnership were Parties before the Court to and in any such Suit or Proceeding; and it shall and may be lawful for any Court in which such Order or Decree shall have been made, to cause such Order and Decree to be enforced against every or any Member of such Society or Copartnership, in like Manner as if every Member of such Society or Copartnership were Parties before such Court, to and in such Suit or Proceeding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same; and also an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts clue to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crotvn of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better Administration of Justice within the same, shall extend to all Suits, Matters and Proceedings in any Court of Equity in England or Ireland, in which any Public Officer of such Society or Copartnership shall be a Party, in like Manner as if all the Members of such Society or Copartnership were Parties before the Court in such Suits, Matters and Proceedings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons obtaining any Judgment in any Court of Law, or Decree or Order in any Court of Equity, against any Public Officer of any such Society or Copartnership, to produce an Office Copy of such Judgment, Decree or Order, under the Seal of the Court in which Judgment, Decree or Order shall have been obtained, to One of the Principal Clerks in the Court of Session in Scotland, or his Deputy for Registration there, and such Judgment, Decree or Order shall thereupon be registrable and registered there, in like Manner as a Bond executed according to the Law of Scotland, with a Clause of Registration therein contained, and Execution may and shall pass upon a Decree to be interponed thereto, in like Manner as Execution passes upon a Decree interponed to such Bond, and shall have the like Effect upon and against all and every or any of the Members of such Society or Copartnership, as if such Members had executed such Bond.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Judgment and Judgments which shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be had or recovered or entered up as aforesaid in airy Action, Suit or Proceedings in Law or Equity against any Public

Officer

6° GEO. IV. C. 42.

205

Officer of any such Society or Copartnership, shall have the like Effect and Operation upon and against the Property of such Society or Copartnership, and upon and against the Property of every Member thereof, as if such Judgment or Judgments had been recovered or obtained against such Society or Copartnership themselves; and that the Bankruptcy, Insolvency or stopping Payment of any such Public Officer for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership in his Individual Character or Capacity, shall not be nor be construed to be the Bankruptcy, Insolvency or stopping Payment of such Society or Copartnership, and that such Society or Copartnership, and every Member thereof, and the Capital Stock and Effects of such Society or Copartnership, and the Effects of every Member of such Society or Copartnership, shall in all Cases, notwithstanding the Bankruptcy, Insolvency or stopping Payment of any such Public Officer, be attached and attachable, and be in all respects liable to the lawful Claims and Demands of the Creditor and Creditors of such Society or Copartnership, as if no such Bankruptcy, Insolvency or stopping Payment of such Public Officer of such Society or Copartnership had happened or taken place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Execution upon any Judgment in any Action obtained against any Public Officer for the Time being, of any such Society or Copartnership, whether a Plaintiff or Defendant, may be issued against any Member or Members for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership; and that in Case any such Execution against any Member or Members for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership shall be ineffectual for obtaining Payment and Satisfaction of the Amount of such Judgment, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties so having obtained Judgment against such Public Officer for the Time being, to issue Execution against any Person or Persons who was or were a Member or Members of such Society or Copartnership at the Time when the Contract or Contracts, or Engagement or Engagements on which such Judgment may have been obtained, was or were entered into: Provided always, that no such Execution as last mentioned shall be issued without Leave first granted, on Motion in open Court, by the Court in which such Judgment shall have been obtained, and which Motion shall be made on Notice to the Person or Persons sought to be charged, nor after the Expiration of Three Years next after any such Person or Persons shall have ceased to be a Member or Members of such Society or Copartnership.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Public Officer, in whose Name any such Suit or Action shall have been commenced, prosecuted or defended, and every Person or Persons against whom Execution upon any Judgment obtained or entered up as aforesaid in any such Action shall be issued as aforesaid, shall always be reimbursed and fully indemnified for all Loss, Damages, Costs and Charges, without Deduction, which any such Officer or Person may have incurred by reason of such Execution, out of the Funds of such Society or Copartnership, or in failure thereof, by Contribution from the other Members of such Society or Copartnership, as in the ordinary Cases of Copartnerships.

against Copartnerships

Bankruptcy* &c. of such Officer.

Execution upon Judgment in Action may be issued against any Member of Copartnership.

Proviso for Notice of Motion in Court.

Officer, &c. in such Cases indemnified.

206

C. 42.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Members maybe indicted for Fraud, &c. on Copartnerships.

Act extended to existing Partners for the Time being.

Members of Societies or Copartnerships may transfer .Shares.

Such Transfers to be registered iit the Stamp Office;

but not to discharge their Liability while Members.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons being a Member or Members of any Copartnership of Bankers in Ireland, shall steal or embezzle any Money, Goods, Effects, Bills, Notes, Securities or other Property of or belonging to such Society or Copartnership, or shall commit any Fraud, Forgery, Crime or Offence against or with Intent to injure or defraud such Society or Copartnership, such Member or Members shall be liable to Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding, in the Name of any One of the Public Officers nominated for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership, for every such Fraud, Forgery, Crime or Offence, and may thereupon be lawfully convicted, as if such Person or Persons had not been, or was or were not a Member or Members of such Society or Copartnership; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Powers and Provisions herein contained shall extend and be it all Times construed to extend to any Society or Copartnership for Banking in Ireland, consisting of more than Six Persons in Number, and to the Members thereof for the Time being, during the Continuance of such Society or Copartnership, whether the same do or shall consist of all or some only of the Persons who originally were, or at the Time of the passing of this Act may have subscribed to, or may be Members of any such Society or Copartnership, or of all or some only of those Persons, together with some other Persons, or entirely of some other Persons, all of whom became or may become Members of such Society or Copartnership, at any Time after the original Institution thereof, or subsequent to the passing of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any and every Member of any and every such Society or Copartnership, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares, or Portion or Portions of, or the entire Stock or Interest which any such Member respectively is or may be respectively entitled to or possessed of in such Society or Copartnership, and the Property and Funds thereof, subject to such Regulations and under such Restrictions as may be required by the Constitution of such Society or Copartnership; and whenever any such Sale and Transfer shall be made, a Return or Account thereof, in the Form set forth in the Schedule, marked Number Three, to this Act annexed, shall be made upon Oath, in Manner hereinbefore directed by the Secretary or other Officer of such Society or Copartnership, and shall be from time to time produced, entered and registered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, in the Book containing the then last Register of such Society or Copartnership; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made shall be and stand, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, in the Place and Stead of the Person or Persons making such Transfer; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, taken or construed to discharge or release any Member or Members making any such Transfer as aforesaid, of or from the being liable to or responsible for the due Payment of the Bills, Notes and other Engagements of such Society or Copartner-

a 42.

207

ship, existing at the Time of the Entry or Register of such Transfer, or of or from any Action, Suit, Judgment or Execution in respect of the same, according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such Transfer as aforesaid shall take place without the Consent of the Directors for the Time being of any such Society or Copartnership; nor shall any Transfer be valid unless signed by One or more of such Directors, as the Court of Directors for the Time being of such Society or Copartnership may from time to time determine, in Testimony of the Court of Directors having consented to such Transfer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cashier or Clerk of any Banker or Bankers, or of any Society or Copartnership or f Bankers, or of any Merchant or Merchants, or of any Officer or Officers intrusted with the Receipt or Custody of Public Money in Ireland, shall without the Consent of such Banker or Bankers, or Society or Copartnership, or Merchant or Merchants, or Officer or Officers, embezzle or take away Money, Cash, Notes or Securities for Money to the Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling belonging to such Banker or Bankers, or Society or Copartnership, or Merchant or Merchants, or intrusted to the Care of such Officer or Officers, with an Intent to defraud such Banker or Bankers, or Society or Copartnership, or Merchant or Merchants, or Officer or Officers, such Cashier or Clerk shall, upon Conviction thereof, be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Life or for any Term of Years as the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit to order and adjudge; and every Person who shall receive such Money, Notes or Securities for Money, from such Cashier or Clerk, knowing them to be so taken away with Intent to defraud such Banker or Bankers, or Society or Copartnership, or Merchant or Merchants, or Officer or Officers, shall be likewise adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Life or for any Term of Years as the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit to order and adjudge.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty, Forfeiture and Sum of Money to be forfeited under this Act, by reason of any Omission or Neglect of any of the Regulations hereinbefore enacted, may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin by any Person, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, provided such Action be commenced within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence committed, in which Action there shall not be any Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance allowed; and all Sums to be recovered shall be applied one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain an Act, intituled ' An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankruptswhereby it is enacted, that all Mercantile Companies or Partnerships shall set forth in their several Invoices, Bills of Parcels, Promissory Notes and Custom Entries, the Names of the several Individuals of which

Transfer to be signed by One or more Director.

Clerks of Bankers, &c. embezzling Money, &c. Felony, f Sic.

Punishment,

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

19 & 20 G.3. c. 25. (I,) not to extend to Bankers ii> Ireland.

208

C. 42.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso for Matters otherwise legal.

such Partnership or Company doth consist, doth not and shall not be construed to extend to any Society or Copartnership of Bankers in Ireland; any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent any such Society or Copartnership from doing any Act, Matter or Thing which, but for the express Provision of this Act, they would by Law be entitled to do.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

No. I.

RETURN or Account, to be entered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act, viz.

Firm or Name of the Banking Society or Copartnership, viz.

[set forth the Firm or Name."]

Names and Places of Abode of all the Partners concerned or engaged in such Society or Copartnership, viz.

[set forth all the Names and Places of Abode.

Names and Places of the Bank or Banks established by such Society or Copartnership, viz.- forth all the Names and Places.]

Names and Descriptions of the Public Officers of the said Banking Society or Copartnership, viz.

[set forth all the Names and Descriptions.]

Names of the several Towns and Places where the Bills or Notes of the said Banking Society or Copartnership are to be issued by the said Society or Copartnership, or their Agent or Agents, viz.

[set forth the Names of all the Towns and Places.]

A.B. of Secretary [or other Officer, describing

the Office] of the above Society or Copartnership, maketh Oath and saith, That the above doth contain the Name, Style and Firm of the above Society or Copartnership, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Members thereof, and of the Banks established by the said Society or Copartnership, and the Names, Titles and Descriptions of the Public Officers thereof, and the Names of the Towns and Places where the Notes of the said Society or Copartnership are to be issued, as the same respectively appear in the Books of the said Society or Copartnership, and to the best of the Information, Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent.

Sworn before me, the Day of

at in the County of

C.D.

Justice of the Peace in and for the said County.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 42, 43.

209

No. II.

RETURN or Account to be entered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, on behalf of [name the Society or Copartnership], in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled ['inseii the Title of this Act], viz.

Names of any and every new or additional Public Officer of the said Society or Copartnership, viz.

A.B. in the room of C.D. deceased or

removed, [as the Case may be], [set forth every Name.']

Names of any and every Person who may have ceased to be a Member of such Society or Copartnership, viz.

[set forth every Name.]

Names of any and every Person who may have become a new Member of such Society or Copartnership, [set forth every Name.]

A.B. of [Secretary or other Officer] of the above

named Society or Copartnership, maketh Oath and saith,

That the above doth contain the Name and Place of Abode of any and every Person who hath become or been appointed a Public Officer of the above Society or Copartnership, and also the Name and Place of Abode of any and every Person who hath ceased to be a Member of the said Society or Copartnership, and of any and every Person who hath become a Member of the said Societ}^ or Copartnership since the Registry of the said Society or Copartnership on the Day of last, as the

same respectively appear on the Books of the said Society or Copartnership, and to the best of the Information,

Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent-Sworn, &c.

No. III.

RETURN or Account, to be entered at the Stamp Office in Dublin, in behalf of [name the Society or Copartnership], in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, intituled [insert the Title of this Act.]

C.D. of did on the Day of

assign Shares in the said Company to G.B. of

A B. of Secretary [or other Officer] of the

above Society or Copartnership, maketh Oath and saith,

That the Assignment above mentioned has been duly made, as appears by the Documents in the Possession of the said

Sworn, &c.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for impounding of Distresses in Ireland.

[10th June 1825.]

\JS7"HE11EAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, ioC. 1. c. 25.

YY in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, (I.)

intituled An Act for the impounding of Distresses: And Whereas

6 Geo. IY. P 4 the

210

C. 43.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No Fee.

the Provisions of the said recited Act are not sufficient for the ' Purposes intended; and it is expedient that a more effectual ' Regulation should be made for such Purposes, and to prevent ' Abuse in the making and impounding of Distresses in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Fling's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Pound Keepers and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who at the to give Security Time of the passing of this Act, or at any Time before the First by Recogmz- Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, tobV^neweV he, or shall be duly appointed the Keeper, or shall act as

annually. Keeper of any Pound Overt in Ireland, legally constituted, shall

on or previous to such First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, at some Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, enter into Security, by Recognizance to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, within which such Pound shall be situate, or to the Mayor or other Chief Officer of a Town Corporate where a Pound shall be situate within the Jurisdiction of such Town Corporate (and which Recognizance such Clerk of the Peace or Mayor, or other Chief Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take, and for taking which Recognizance it shall not be lawful to charge or take any Fee), conditioned for the due Execution of the Office of Pound Keeper; that is to say, each such Pound Keeper in the Sum of Ten Pounds, and Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Five Pounds each; and that every Person who, at any Time after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall be or shall hereafter be appointed to be the Keeper of any such Pound, shall enter into the like Security, at some Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof which shall be held within the County or Division, or Riding of a County, County of a City or County of a Town, or Town Corporate, within -which such Pound shall be situate; and every such Security shall be renewed yearly and every Year, in Manner aforesaid; and if any Person in Ireland shall keep any Pound Overt, or shall act as a Pound Keeper, without having given and entered into such Security as is required by this Act, or without having renewed such Security in Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall rescue any Cattle which shall have been lawfully seized for the Purpose of being impounded, or shall break down, injure or destroy any Pound legally constituted, whether any Cattle shall be impounded therein or not, or shall commit any Pound Breach or Rescue, whereby any Cattle of any Description shall escape or be enlarged from any such Pound, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and upon Conviction of such Offence, either at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the County or Place where such Pound shall be situated, shall be liable to suffer Fine and Imprisonment, at the Discretion of such Court before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted.

Whenever III. And be it further enacted, That every Pound Keeper as

stray Cattle put aforesaid, whenever and so often as any Animals of any Description

Penalty, 10Z.

Rescuing Cattle, or injuring Pound, whether Cattle be therein or not, a Misdemeanor.

6° GEO. IV. C. 43.

211

tion which shall be found straying shall be impounded with him, shall post a written Notice on the Gate of his Pound, and also upon the nearest Church and Chapel, setting forth a Description of such Cattle so impounded or in his Possession; and such Notice shall remain so posted until such Animals shall have been claimed, or otherwise disposed of by due Course of Law; and every Pound Keeper who shall neglect to post such Notices as aforesaid, shall not claim or be entitled to receive any Poundage Fee for the Custody of such Animal, and shall for each such Neglect forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates assembled at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in their several Districts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint and affix the Rate or Price which it shall be lawful for the Keepers of any such Pound as aforesaid to charge and receive, for the Sustenance of the Cattle of whatever Description, which shall be committed to any such Pound, in Case the Owner of such Cattle should not feed them himself; which Rate or Price so fixed by such Magistrates shall constantly be and remain posted in legible Characters, either on the Outside of the Dwelling House, or on the Outside of the Pound of every such Pound Keeper; and every Pound Keeper who shall not keep such Rate so continually posted, or who shall charge any greater Sum or Rate for the Sustenance of any such Cattle, than the Rate or Sum fixed by such Magistrates as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Month that he shall so act as Pound Keeper, without having such Rate affixed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Keeper of each and every Pound in Ireland legally constituted, to demand and receive as Pound Fees, for the Cattle of the several Descriptions which shall be impounded therein, the several and respective Sums following, and no more; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, or any other Act or Acts, or any Law or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; that is to say, For the first or only Horse, Mule or Ass, and for the first or only horned Beast, commonly called Black Cattle, the Sum of Five Pence, and the further Sum of Two Pence for each and every additional Beast of the kind impounded at the same Time for the same Distress; and for any One or more, not exceeding Four in Number, of Sheep, Lambs, Goats or Swine, which shall be so impounded, the Sum of Four Pence, and the further Sum of One Penny each for every additional Animal of the like kind, beyond Four, impounded at the same Time or for the same Distress.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums so by this Act authorized to be demanded and taken by any such Pound Keeper, shall be taken and deemed to be in full Satisfaction as Pound Fees to such Pound Keeper for Three Days, consisting of Seventy two Hours, next after the Time when such Cattle shall be so impounded, whether such Cattle shall remain impounded during the Whole or during Part only of such Seventy two

P 2 Hours

in Pound, Notice to be posted as herein directed.

Penalty.

Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to fix Charge of Pound Keepers for Sustenance,

Not keeping Rates posted, or charging more than fixed.

Penalty.

Charges of Pound Keepers:

For Horse, &c.

For Sheep, &c.

Rates to be taken by Pound Keepers for the Time during which the Cattle remain impounded.

C. 43.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

212

Pound Pees for a Distress.

Extortion, Neglect of Pound, or administering Oath by Pound Keepers.

Penalty.

Cattle to be impounded in nearest Pound; and within same Barony and County.

Impounding Cattle in Manor Pound.

Impounding contrary to Act, Penalty.

Plow Penalties and Damges, not exceeding 10/. against Pound Keepers for Neglect, recovered.

Hours; and that after such Three Days it shall be lawful for any Pound Keeper to demand and take One Half of the like Sum, at the Rate hereinbefore mentioned, for every additional Seventy two Hours during the Whole or any Part of which any Cattle of the Description hereinbefore mentioned shall remain in the Custody of such Pound Keeper in such Pound, and whether such Cattle shall remain impounded during the Whole, or during Part only of such Seventy two Hours: Provided always, that no greater Sum shall be demanded or taken by any Pound Keeper, as Pound Fees, for any One Distress for the same Demand, than the Sum of Twenty Pence in the whole, whatever may be the Number of Animals taken for such Distress, or whatever may be the Length of Time that they shall have been impounded for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pound Keeper in Ireland shall demand or take any greater Sum for the impounding of any Cattle than such Pound Keeper is by this Act authorized to demand and take; or if the Walls of the Pound of any such Keeper shall not be well and substantially built of Stone or Brick, and of the Height of Seven feet at the least; or if Three fourths at least of the Area of any such Pound shall not be scraped or swept Once in every Twenty four Hours at the least, or otherwise kept clean and in good order, and with a Sufficiency of wholesome Water for the Cattle which from time to time shall. be kept therein; or if any Pound Keeper shall take upon himself to administer any Oath; every such Pound Keeper shall, upon Conviction of any such Offence or Neglect, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all or any Cattle, of whatever Description they ma}' be, which shall be seized and distrained, for the Purposes of being impounded, in order to secure and enforce the Payment of any Rent., or to levy the Amount of any Decree of Court, or for any Trespass or other Matter whatsoever, shall be driven to and shall be impounded in the Pound Overt which shall be situate next and nearest to the Land upon which such Cattle shall have been so distrained, and within the same Barony and County, to be then and there dealt with according to Law.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be a Manor Pound appertaining or reputed to appertain to any particular Manor or Estate, all or any Cattle which shall he seized and distrained on any Land belonging or reputed to belong to such Manor or Estate, shall and may be impounded in the Manor Pound of such Manor Estate.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Cattle distrained shall be impounded in any Pound contrary to the Direction and Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction, be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each such Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties incurred under this Act, by au}r Person who shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, and all Damages not exceeding Ten Pounds, to which any Pound Keeper shall or may be subject, by reason or on account of Neglect or Default of such Pound Keeper, either in enlarging any Cattle distrained and impounded, or in permitting

any

6° GEO. IV.

213

[CAS, 44.

any such Cattle to be enlarged without sufficient Authority for so doing, or by any Neglect in his driving, feeding or keeping any such Cattle, or by any other Neglect or Default whatsoever of such Pound Keeper, shall and may be recoverable and recovered, on Complaint of any Person aggrieved, before Two or more Magistrates assembled in Petty Sessions, or reputed Petty Sessions, in the Count}?- in which such Complainant shall reside, or in which the Pound shall be situate; and it shall be lawful for such Magistrates, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to hear and determine such Complaint: Provided Limitation of that such Complaint shall be made to them within One Calendar Complaint. Month next after the Offence shall have been committed, or the Cause of Complaint shall have occurred; and it shall be lawful for such Magistrates to issue their Warrant for levying any such Penalty or Sum of Money within the Sum limited by this Act, with reasonable Costs of such Levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Appeal to may be lawful for any Person who shall think himself or herself Quarter Ses-aggrieved by the Decision of such Two or more Magistrates, to slons* appeal against the Conviction of such Two or more Magistrates to Tria1,

the next Quarter Sessions of such County; and such Appeal shall 011 Notice of be tried and finally determined at such Quarter Sessions accord- Appeal and ingly: Provided that Notice in Writing of such Intention to Warrant to appeal, and sufficient Securities conditioned for duly prosecuting be issued, such Appeal, shall be given to the Magistrates before whom such Conviction shall be had, at the Time of their Decision upon the particular Case; and in case of such Notice of Appeal and such Security being given in Manner aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such Magistrates to issue their Warrant for levying such Penalty or Sum of Money.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Damages Penalties how and Sums of Money, incurred and levied under and by virtue of dlsPosed this Act, shall be payable and paid to the Person or Persons who

shall sue for such Penalties or Damages, upon Conviction of the Offenders in Manner required by this Act.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the

Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Columbia

and Mexico.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 G.4. c.io.

4 of I-Iis present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to § 3 *

4 His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Buenos Ayres, or any other Port or Ports on the Continent of South America, reciting, that it might be expedient that Packet Boats should be established to His Majesty's Colonies, and also to other Foreign Parts, where Rates of Postage had not hitherto been authorized, and that at the Time of establishing such Packet Boats, Parliament 6 might not be sitting, and no Rates of Postage could in such Case be authorized by Law for the Port and Conveyance of

P 3 4 Letters

224

C. 4-L

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Rates of Postage to and from Columbia or Mexico.

4 Letters and Packets by the same, it was therefore enacted,

that from and after the Establishment of any such Packet Boats to any of His Majesty's Colonies or other Foreign Parts,

it should be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, with the Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to £ demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that should be carried or conveyed by such Packet Boats which might hereafter be established as hereinbefore mentioned, such Rates of Packet Postage as should be equal in proportion to the Rates by the now reciting Act made payable for the Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Buenos Ayres, or any other Port or Ports on the Continent of South America; and it was further enacted, that as soon as conveniently might be after the next Session of Parliament succeeding the Establishment of such Rates as aforesaid, the Receipt of such Packet Rates of Postage as might then be judged necessary and expedient, should be by such Session of Parliament authorized by Law: And Whereas since the last Session of Parliament it hath been found expedient for the Convenience and Improvement of Trade and Commerce, to establish Packet Boats between the Port of Falmouth in this Kingdom and certain Ports in Columbia and Mexico on the Continent of America, and also between certain Ports in the British Colonies in the West Indies and Columbia and Mexico; and such Packet Boats have been established accordingly: And Whereas it is expedient that the Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Packet Boats between the several Places aforesaid be authorized by an Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to or from any Port or Ports in Columbia or Mexico on the Continent of America, over and above all other Rates payable for the Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom, a Packet Postage according to the Rates emd Sums in Sterling Money hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from any Port or Ports in Columbia or Mexico, the Sum of Two Shillings and one Penny:

For every Double Letter, Four Shillings and Two Pence:

For every Treble Letter, Six Shillings and Three Pence:

And

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 44, 45.

215

And for every Ounce, Eight Shillings and Four Pence, and so in

proportion for every Packet or Letter of greater Weight than

an Ounce.

And for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by any of His Majesty's Packets from or to any Port or Ports in the British Colonies in the West Indies, to or from any Port or Ports in Columbia or Mexico, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,) For every Single Letter, One Shilling:

For every Double Letter, Two Shillings:

For every Treble Letter, Three Shillings:

And for every Ounce in Weight, Four Shillings, and so in proportion for every Packet or Letter above the Weight of an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Distribution thereof, and all other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets and not repealed or altered by this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force and be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and 'effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the Rates and Duties aforesaid (except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the same) shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be at any Time or Times sued, molested or prosecuted for anjT Thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Enrolment of Articles of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attorneys in England, and the making and filing of Affidavits relating thereto, in certain Cases, where the same may have been omitted or neglected.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the

4 W Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

P 4 intituled

Powers of former Postage Acts extended to this Act.

Application of Rates.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

34 G.3. c. 14.

§2.

216

CU5.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Persons who have omitted to enrol Contracts of Indenture of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, or to make Affidavits as to the Execution thereof, allowed to do so before 5th July-next, and indemnified from Penalties.

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned; it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person who by airy such Contract' as in the said Act is mentioned shall be bound to serve as a Clerk, shall be admitted to be a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the said Courts in the said Act mentioned, unless the Indenture ' or other Writing containing such Contract, duly stamped according to the Directions of the said Act, shall be enrolled or '^registered with the proper Officer to be appointed for that ' Purpose, in the Court wherein such Person shall propose to be ' afterwards admitted a Solicitor or Attorney by virtue of his ' Service under such Contract, together with an Affidavit of the ' Time of the Execution of such Contract by such Clerk; and in case such Indenture or other Writing shall not be enrolled or ' registered in such Court within Six Months next after the Execution thereof, together with such Affidavit of the Time of the Execution of such Contract, then and in such Case the Service ' of such Clerk under such Indenture or Writing shall be deemed to commence from the Time of such Enrolment or Register only, and not from the Execution of such Indenture or Writing;

any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it may happen in certain Cases, that such Contracts and the Indentures thereof may not have been enrolled or registered, and that such Affidavits may not have been made and filed within the Time allowed for that Purpose by the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any and every Person who at any Time before the passing of this Act shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled or registered, or who shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, to cause any such Contract or Indenture duly stamped to be enrolled or registered at any Time on or before the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, with the proper Officer in that Behalf; and also at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of July, to cause any One or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed within the Time allowed for that Purpose by the said recited Act; and any and every Person who shall cause any such Contract or Indenture to be so enrolled or registered, and any such Affidavit or Affidavits to be so made and filed, at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall be, and every such Person is hereby indemnified, released, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities in or by the said recited Act, or in or by any other Act or Acts mentioned or incurred for or by reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid; and every such Contract or Indenture so to be enrolled, and every such Affidavit so to be made and filed respectively, and which shall be enrolled or

registered

6° GEO. IV. C. 45, 46.

217

registered or made and filed respectively at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of July, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Contract or Indenture had been enrolled or registered, and as if the same Affidavit had been made and filed, within the respective Times within which the same ought to have been enrolled and registered respectively, and the Service of the Clerk under any such Contract or Indenture shall be deemed to have commenced from the Time of the Execution of such Contract or Indenture; and it shall be lawful for the respective Officer or Officers who ought to receive, enrol, register, make and file every such Contract or Indenture and Affidavit respectively, and such Officer or Officers respectively are hereby authorized and required to receive, enrol and register, and to make and file every such Contract, Indenture or Affidavit respectively, at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of July; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to prevent Articled Clerks of Attornies and others, in Great Britain, from being prejudiced by the Neglect of such Attornies and others, in omitting to take out their annual Certificates.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors,

Attornies and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; it is amongst other Things enacted, that every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled or registered in any of the Courts in the said Act mentioned, who, from and after the First Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, shall neglect to obtain his Certificate thereof in Manner by the said Act directed, for the Space of One whole Year, shall from thenceforth be incapable of practising in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, in any of the said Courts, by virtue of such Admission, Entry, Enrolment or Register; and that the Admission, Entry, Enrolment or Register of such Person in any of the said Courts, shall be from thenceforth null and void: And Whereas it ma}^ happen that some Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents or Procurators may have omitted or may omit to take out the annual Certificates, or to enter, enrol or register the same, as directed by the said Act, whereby Infants and other Persons, who may have served or who may serve under Contract or Articles of Clerkship to such Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents or Procurators, have been and may be prevented and disqualified from being admitted to practise as Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents or Procurators, in the several Courts of Great Britain: And it is expedient to provide for the Relief of such Infants and other Persons who may have served or who may serve as

aforesaid

Officers empowered to enrol such Contracts of Indenture, &e.

37 G.3. c. 90. § 31.

C. 4'6, 47.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No Person who has served his Clerkship with an Attorney, &c. disqualified from being admitted on account of Omission in taking out annual Certificate.

Punishment for the said Crimes.

Second Offence.

Proceedings against Persons banished, not departing within 30 Days.

Not departing within 40 Days,

i aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person who shall have regularly served any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Solicitors, Proctor or Proctors, Writer or Writers to the Signet, Agent or Agents, Procurator or Procurators, Notary Public or Notaries Public, for the Term of Years required by Law, shall be prevented or disqualified from being admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Writer to the Signet, Agent, Procurator or Notary Public, by reason of any Omission of the Person or Persons to whom he served for the same Term, or for any Part thereof, having so neglected to take out his annual Certificate, or to register the same; provided that such Person be otherwise entitled to be so admitted by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing-making,

Sedition and Blasphemy, in Scotland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Punishment of the ' VY Crimes of Leasing-making, Sedition and Blasphemy, as known in the Law of Scotland, should be restricted; and that ' these Crimes should be punished in the same Manner as such Crimes would be punished if committed in England J Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall henceforth be convicted of any of the aforesaid Crimes, such Person shall be liable to be punished only by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Person shall be tried.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person after being so convicted shall offend a Second Time and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person may, on such Second Conviction, be adjudged, at the Discretion of the Court, either to suffer the Punishment of Fine or Imprisonment, or both, or to be banished from the United Kingdom and all other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, for such Term of Years as the Court in which such Conviction shall take place shall order.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person so adjudged to be banished as aforesaid, shall not depart from this United Kingdom within Thirty Days after the pronouncing of such Sentence as aforesaid, for the Purpose of going into such Banishment as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty to convey such Person to such Parts out of the Dominions of His said Majesty, as His Majesty, by the Advice of His Privy Council, may direct.

IVY And be it enacted, That if any- Offender, who shall be so sentenced to be banished in Manner aforesaid, shall, after the End of Forty Days from the Time such Sentence has been pronounced, be at large within any Part of the United Kingdom, or

any

6° GEO. IV. C. 4'7, 48.

219

any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been so adjudged to be banished as aforesaid, every such Offender being so at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported to such Place as shall be appointed by His Majesty, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cases of Criminal Information, as authorizes the Court of Justiciary to extend the Bail beyond the Sums specified in that Act, in all Cases where any Person shall in future be imprisoned on a Charge of being guilty of the Crime of Sedition, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts in Scotland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS the Regulations introduced by the Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of his late Majesty,

intituled An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining small Causes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have been found useful and beneficial to the Public; and it is expedient that the said Act should be altered and amended, and that certain other and further Regulations which Experience has suggested for the Improvement thereof should be introduced:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January next the said last mentioned Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to such Causes and Complaints as may be brought under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act before the said First Day of January next, and then depending; all which Causes and Complaints shall be carried on to a Conclusion, according to the Rules prescribed by the said last mentioned Act, notwithstanding this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of January next (which is hereby declared to be the Commencement of this Act), it shall be lawful and competent for any Two (a) or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try and determine, as shall appear to them agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, all Causes and Complaints brought before them concerning the Recovery of Debts, or the making effectual any Demand, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Five Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Expences.

(a) [See as to One Justice acting, § 16. post.']

39 G.3. c. 49.

§2-;

39 & 40 G.3. c. 46.

repealed.

Exception.

Justices to hear and determine Causes on Plaints not exceeding 51.

C. 48.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Causes to proceed as in Schedule (A.) described.

Warrant to issue.

Copy of Complaint and Warrant, Citation and Amount of Debt to be delivered to the Defender.

In default of Appearance, Second Citation, &c.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Causes shall proceed upon Complaint agreeable to the Form in Schedule (A.) subjoined to the present Act, stating shortly the Origin of Debt or ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; and the Clerk of the Peace or any Deputy by him appointed, or, in case he shall fail to appoint One, the Clerk to be appointed within the District, as hereinafter provided, shall adject to the said Complaint, and on the same Paper, a Warrant signed by him, agreeable to the Form in Schedule (A.) subjoined to the present Act; which Warrant shall contain an Authority to any Constable or Peace Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Meeting of the Justices of the Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender resides, or, where the Meetings of the Courts are held Weekly, then in the Option of the Pursuer, at the Second or Third Diet of Court from the Date of the Warrant, the said Diet of Court not being sooner, |in either Case, than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning Witnesses, at the Instance of either Party, to the same Day and Place: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Complaint and Warrant, with the Citation annexed, agreeable to the said Schedule (A.) subjoined to this Act, and also a Copy of the Account, Document of Debt, or State of the Demand, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender personally, or left at his Dwelling Place; in which latter Case, if the Defender shall not appear at the Diet of Court to which he has been cited, he shall be cited a Second Time personally, or at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, upon the Words de novo being either subjoined to the original Complaint, and signed by any One Justice of the Peace, or written in the Procedure Book kept by the Clerk, and signed by the Justices or the Preses, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a Meeting to be held by Adjournment for that Purpose, and fixed by the Justices at the First Diet, but which Second Meeting shall not be sooner than Three Days from the Date of the First, with Certification that if he shall fail to appear at the Diet of Court to which he is summoned by this Second Citation, he will be held as confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand: Provided, that if the Defender has been cited for the first Time to a Diet of Court, not sooner than Twelve free Days from the Date of the Citation, it shall be lawful for the Constable or Peace Officer, in case the Defendant shall not have been personally found at the Time of the First Citation, to cite him a Second Time, either personally or at his Dwelling Place, to the same Diet of Court, on the Authority of the original Warrant, and without previously reporting an Execution of the First Citation of the Court, but always under this Condition and Limitation, that such Second Citation shall not be given sooner than upon the Sixth Day after the Date of the First Citation, nor later than upon the Sixth before the Diet of Court to which the Defender is so cited for the Second Time; and in case the Defender shall not appear at the Diet to which he is so cited for the Second Time upon the same Warrant, he shall be held as confessed in the same Manner as if he had been cited personally, or cited at his Dwelling Place upon a Warrant de novo; and the Constable

or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 48.

or Peace Officer shall in all Cases return an Execution of Citation signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That where a Constable or other Peace Officer shall be required by any Part}/, whether Pursuer or Defender, to cite any Persons as Witnesses, he shall be obliged to lodge a written Execution of every such Citation in the Clerk's Hands, at or before the Diet of Court to which the Defender has been summoned, or otherwise to verify in Court the Execution of Citation, as the Justices may see fit; and if the Witnesses cited, either upon the one Part or the other, do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Part}/ or Parties to apply for a new Warrant to compel their Attendance at the next stated or adjourned Meeting, which Warrant may require them to attend in order to give Evidence, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be awarded by the Justices of the Peace in case of their not appearing, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered and sustained, which Penalty shall be payable to the Party at whose Instance the Witness was cited, and may be recovered by him in the same Form and Manner as herein directed with regard to other small Debts; or in the Option of the Justices, the Witness so failing to appear after a Second Citation, and not sending a reasonable Excuse which shall be sustained by the Justices, may be imprisoned for a certain Time in the County Prison, not exceeding Ten Days: Provided, that the aforesaid Penalty shall not be awarded or recoverable, or the Witness be liable to the said Imprisonment, unless the Second Citation shall have been given not later than the Sixth Day before the Diet of Court to which he has been cited.

V. And be it enacted, That when the Parties shall appear, the said Justices shall hear them viva voce, and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration or upon Oath: Provided always, that no Procurator, Solicitor or any Person practising the Law, shall be allowed to appear or plead for them, either viva voce, or by Writing, nor shall any of the Pleadings, Arguments, Minutes or Evidence be taken down in Writing, or entered on any Record.

VI. And be it enacted, That if a Defender who has been duly cited, vrhether personally, or by Two Citations left at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, shall not appear in Court, either by himself or by One of his Family, or other Person, not being in any Case a legal Practitioner or Officer of Court, whom the Justices shall see reason in the Circumstances of the Case to hear on his Behalf in the Matter of the Complaint, he shall be held as confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand, unless he shall by One of his Family send an Excuse which shall satisfy the Justices that a Delay ought to be granted; in which latter Case, or if the Absence of Witnesses, or any other good reason assigned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Cause to the next stated Meeting, or other Day to be specially appointed, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment, and the Parties and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

221

Constable, &c. to cite Wit- ' nesses, and to lodge a Copy of Citation in Clerk's Hands. Witnesses not attending.

Penalty.

Second Citation.

Proviso.

Justices to bear parties viv& voce.

Solicitors, &c. not to plead.

Defender not appearing, to be held as confessing the Debt.

Justices may adjourn the Cause.

C. 48.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pursuer may be beard by One of his Family;

or Person duly authorized.

Where Decree pronounced in Absence of Defender, he may obtain Warrant sisting Execution.

Proviso for rehearing.

Proceedings

thereon.

Constable returning false Execution.

Punishment.

VII. Provided farther, and be it enacted, That it shall be competent for the Justices, if they shall see reason in the Circumstances of the Case for so doing, to allow a Pursuer or Defender to be heard in the Matter of his Complaint or Defence by One of his Family; or if the Pursuer shall not be resident nearer than Twenty Miles from the Place where the Court is held, it shall be competent for the Justices, if they.shall see fit, to hear him by a Person holding a written Mandate or Authority from him for that Purpose, the said Mandatory not being a Procurator, Solicitor or Person practising the Law.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where a Decree has been pronounced in Absence of the Defender, it shall be competent for him, upon consigning the Sum decerned for in the Hands of the Clerk, at any Time before the Days of the Charge elapse, to obtain from the Clerk a Warrant signed by him, sisting Execution till the next Court Day, and containing an Authority to cite the Pursuer and Witnesses for both Parties; and the Clerk shall be bound to certify to the Justices at their said next Meeting the Application for rehearing and the Sist granted, which Warrant so issued being served by a Constable or other Peace Officer upon the Pursuer, either personally or by Two Citations left at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, in the Manner provided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for having the Matter reheard at the next Court Day (provided that the same shall not be sooner than the Sixth Day from the Date of the Personal Citation given to the Pursuer, or of the Second Citation left at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode; or if the Meeting of the Court shall be sooner than the Sixth Day from the Date of such Citation, then at the Court Day next following); and provided always, that it shall be competent for the Justices to continue the Sist granted in such Cases from the First Meeting of the Court after the Application for a Rehearing has been made, to such Time as may be necessary for the Appearance of the Parties in order to be reheard; and in like Manner, where Absolvitor has passed in Absence of the Pursuer, it shall be competent for him, at any Time within One Calendar Month thereafter, upon consigning Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Hands of the Clerk, to obtain a Warrant, signed by the Clerk, for citing the Defender and Witnesses for both Parties, which Warrant, being served by a Constable or other Peace Officer upon the Defender, either personally or by Two Citations left at his Dwelling Place, in the Manner provided in other Cases by this Act, shall be an Authority for having the Matter reheard at the next Court Day or Court Day following, as hereby provided in the Case of a Rehearing at the Instance of the Defender; the Two Shillings and Sixpence so deposited by the Pursuer being in every Case previously paid over to the Defender.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices that the Nonattendance of Parties or Witnesses has been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Constable or Peace Officer, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to punish him by a Fine to the Poor, or by Imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, or the Imprisonment not exceeding Ten days, reserving to the

+ ' Party

6° GEO. IV. C. 48.

223

Party injured any Claim and Recourse competent to him by Law against the said Constable or other Officer for Damage which he may have sustained by such Neglect or Violation of Duty as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That the Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall keep a Book, wherein shall be entered the Names and Designations of the Parties, and whether present in Court or absent at the calling of the Cause, the Nature and Amount of the Claim, and Date of giving it in, the Mode of Citation, the several Deliverances or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices, and the Final Judgment or Decree, with the Date thereof, which last shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Preses if more than Two are present, the said Entries by the Clerk being agreeable to the Tenor of the Schedule or Form marked (B.) annexed to the present Act, or with such Addition to the said Entries, as the Justices of the Peace in the several Counties shall authorize and appoint, for the better and more regular Dispatch of the Proceedings before them; and a Copy of the said Decree, containing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Effects of the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison, together with a particular Note or Statement of the Expences, in those Cases where Expences have been awarded, as the same may have been incurred and are authorized by this Act, shall by the Clerk be annexed to the Complaint, and on the same Paper with it the said Copy of Decree and Warrant, being conformable to the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the present Act; which Copy of Decree and Warrant, being signed by the Clerk or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose favour the same is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution, after the Expiration of Ten free Days from the Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it shall have been given was personally present in Court when it was pronounced, or had appeared by One of his Family admitted to attend for him, or if he was not so present, Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of Ten free Days, to be given by the Constable or Peace Officer, either by delivering a Copy of the Decree or Judgment to the Party personalty, or leaving the same at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, to which Charge the Constable or Officer shall make Oath, if required.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Justices may, if they think proper, direct the Sum or Sums found due to be paid by Instalments, Weekly or Monthly, according to the Circumstances of the Parties found liable, and under such Conditions or Qualifications as they shall think fit to annex.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Execution of the Poinding by the Constable shall be summary, by carrying the Effects poinded to the nearest Market Town or Kirk Town or Village within the Parish, and after getting the same duty appraised, in the Manner to be regulated by an Order of the Justices for each County, at their Quarter Sessions, selling them between the Flours of Eleven and One of the Clock at the Cross or most public Place, after One Hour's Notice given by a Crier, by Public Roup, to the highest Bidder, but reserving to the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, if they shall see fit, to appoint a different Hour for the Bale, not being earlier than that above mentioned, or a longer No-

Clerk or Depute Clerk to enter Names and Designations of Parties, &c. in a Book, according to the Form ni Schedule (B.j

Decree and Warrant, &c. to be made out conformable to Schedule (A.)

Limitation of Execution.

Justices may award Payment by Instalments.

Execution of Poinding by Constable to be summary.

Sale.

224

C. 48.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Application of Proceeds.

Sales in Villages, &c.

In case of Execution by Poinding or Imprisonment, Constable to make a Return to the Clerk.

To be laid before Justices.

Inspection Fee.

How far only Decree of Justices subject to Advocation.

Limitation.

If Reduction brought, Pursuer to find Caution,

Cases in which One Justice may transact Business.

tice to be given of the Time of selling, and the Overplus of the Price, if there shall be any after Payment of the Sums decerned for, and the Expences, if Expences are awarded, including what is allowed by this Act for the Poinding and Sale, shall be returned to the Owner, or if the Effects are not sold, the same shall be delivered over at the appraised Value to the Creditor, to the Amount of the Debt and Expences, if Expences are awarded, including the Allowance for poinding: Provided always, that in case the Place of Sale is not a Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall be advertised Two Days at least before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, on Sunday after the Forenoon Service.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Execution, by Poinding or Imprisonment, the Constable or other Officer to whom the Execution is committed shall on or before the next Court Day thereafter make a Return or Report to the Clerk of Court, either in Writing or verbally, as may be required by the Justices, of the Date and Manner of the Execution, the Number of Assistants employed, and the Sum or Amount, if any, recovered since the Date of the Decree; and in case of a Poinding, shall farther state the Value at which the Goods were appraised, the IPlace and Times of Sale, the Charges paid for Conveyance of Goods and for Warehouse Room where these Charges were incurred, and the Price for which the Goods were sold in Cases where a Sale was made; or if the Execution was by Imprisonment, he shall in his said Report state the Gaol in which the Debtor was incarcerated, which Particulars respectively, so reported by the Constable or Officer, shall be entered by the Clerk either in the Procedure Book or other Books to be kept for that Purpose, and be laid before the Justices at their Meeting next after the said Report shall have been made, and shall also be exhibited by him to any Person desiring Inspection of the same, for such Fee as shall be allowed by Order of the Justices, not exceeding Sixpence for each Time of Inspection.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Decree given by the said Justices in anjr Case competent to them by this Act shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal or other Stay of Execution, excepting only in the Case of Consignation, as hereinbefore provided for the Purpose of a Rehearing before the Justices, nor shall be set aside or altered in an Action of Reduction before the Court of Session, on any other Ground except that of Malice and Oppression on the Part of the Justices, nor shall any such Action of Reduction be at all competent after the Expiration of One Year from the Date of the Decree of the Justices.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case of a Reduction being brought within that Time, on the alleged Ground of Malice and Oppression, the Pursuer shall, before the Summons of Reduction is called, be obliged to find sufficient Caution in the Hands of the Clerk of Court, for Payment of such Expences as may be awarded against him.

XVI. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Provision of this Act, which requires all Causes and Complaints under the same to be heard, tried and determined by Two or more Justices

of

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 48.

£25

of the Peace, (a) nevertheless, in case no more than One Justice shall be present at the Time and Place appointed for a District Meeting, it shall be lawful and competent for the said Justice, being then and there present, to hold a Court for the Purpose of calling the Roll of Causes, of pronouncing Decrees in Absence, receiving Returns of the Executions of Citations, and granting Warrants for Citation de novo, but for no other Purposes; which Decrees in Absence so pronounced, and Warrants de novo issued, shall be equally valid and effectual as if they had been granted and issued by Two or more Justices then and there present.

(a) [Sect. 2. ante.']

XVII. And be it enacted, That the following and no other or Fees to Clerk higher Fees shall be allowed to the Clerk and Officers of Court; ai)d Officers. videlicet,

Clerics Fees.

From the Pursuer:

For filling up and issuing the Complaint, with Warrant! annexed for citing the Defender and the Witnesses on > both Sides -

For Copy of the Complaint and Warrant, signed by the!

Clerk, for Service on the Defender -

For the First Time of entering in the Procedure BookThe v Name and Designations of the Parties, the Nature and | Amount of the Claim, and such other Particulars as jf may be directed by the Justices -

For a Warrant to cite, de novo

From the Defender:

For the First Appearance of each Defender

From the Pursuer or Defender [as the Case may he):

Sixpence.

Sixpence.

Sixpence.

Four Pence. Sixpence.

For every Oath of Party For every Oath of Witness -

For filling up and issuing a printed or other Form of Decree, with Warrant of Execution inserted therein j For a Rehearing, videlicet; for receiving Consignation") from a Defender, or the Sum appointed by this Act 1 to be deposited by a Pursuer, and granting Certificate thereof; granting Warrant to sist, and Warrant I for Citation of Party and Witnesses; Entry in the Procedure Book; filling up and issuing the Decree when required, and paying over the said Consignation or Deposit -

For Inspection of the Book containing Reports of Executions by the Constables, a Fee

One Shilling. Four Pence.

Sixpence.

One Shilling and Sixpence.

not exceeding Sixpence each Time, to be fixed by Order of the Justices.

3 the Case may be):

Four Pence.

Sixpence.

Constables or Officers Fees, from Pursuer or Defender (;

For each Citation, whether of a Party or Witness, with)

Execution thereof - - \

For Execution of an Arrestment

For Execution of a Poinding, including the Appraise-!

ment, Payment of Assistants, and Report of the Ex- F Three Shillings ecution, as required by this Act -)

For selling the Goodsjpoinded, including Payment of As-1 sistants, and Report of the Sale, as required by this Act f 6 Geo. IV. Q

Two Shillings.

For

226

CU8.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182 5

Three Shillings.

Four Pence. Three Pence.

Penalty.

For Execution against the Defender's Person, including")

Payment of Assistants and Report of the Execution, as >' required by this Act - -)

For every Mile which the Constable or Officer travels,] in order to give a Citation or execute a Decree - j And for each Assistant, not exceeding Two, where Assistance is necessary -

But no Allowance for travelling shall be received, either A by the Officer or by Assistants, where the Distance does j not amount to a Mile; and the Allowance shall only be V —

charged once to the same Party for the whole Distance I actually travelled in any One Day. J

Crier s Fee.

For calling each Complaint in Court - - One Penny.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That an Abstract of the said Table of Fees shall be printed on each Complaint, and on each Copy of Complaint for Service, agreeably to the Form marked, annexed to the present Act, or other Form, to be settled by the Justices of the Peace; and a Copy of the said Table, signed by Two of the Justices and by the Clerk, shall be suspended, and continued at all Times in a patent Situation in the Clerk's Office, and in every Court Room or Place for holding of Courts under Authority of this Act: and the said Fees shall be subject to Modification by the Justices in very small Cases, or where One Complaint is directed against Two or more Defenders.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Clerk or Depute Clerk of the Peace, or any Constable or other Officer, shall exact or take from any Party, in a Case of small Debt, any Fee not expressly authorized by this Act, or an}^ higher Rate or Fee than is authorized hereby, the Person so offending shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding, if he is a Clerk or Depute Clerk, the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence, or if he is a Constable or other Officer, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Offence; which Penalties respectively shall be awarded by the Justices of the Peace, either at a Quarter Sessions or at a District Meeting, on Complaint, either written or verbal, from the Party who has been aggrieved by such illegal Exaction, and satisfactory Proof thereof, and which Penalties the Justices shall direct to be paid either to the Party complaining or to the Poor, or partly to both, as they ma}' see fit, reserving always to the said Justices the Power competent to them of farther punishing their Officers by suspension or Dismissal, for this as well as other Acts of Malversation in Office.

XX. And be it enacted, That an Account shall be kept by the Clerk of Court of all Fines awarded by the Justices by virtue of this Act; and all such Fines shall, where the Application of them is not otherwise provided for and directed by this Act, be paid to the Poor in such Manner as the Justices shall direct.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for each County in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall have Powder at anjr Meeting of the Quarter Sessions, to make suitable Divisions of the County or Stewartry into Districts where not already done, or to alter the Divisions already made, within which the Justices of the Peace shall meet at such stated Times and

Places

Abstract of Table of Fees to be printed.

Table of Fees to be hung up.

Officers exacting Fees be yond Table.

Application

thereof.

Further Punishment.

Clerk to keep an Account of Fines.

Quarter Sessions to make Divisions of County or Stewartry into Districts for Purposes of the Act.

6° GEO. IV. C. 48.

227

Places as the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions shall fix as most convenient, in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into execution, and which Meetings may be adjourned, if necessary, to any other lawful Day or Days, to be held at the same Place; and of such Divisions into Districts, and of the stated Times and Places of Meetings so to be appointed, or of the Alterations of such Divisions or stated Meetings, where Alterations are necessary, the Justices at their Quarter Sessions shall order due Notice to be given Notice to be to all concerned by Advertisement at the Church Doors of every SJven *

Parish in the County or Stewartry, at least Two Sundays previous to the first stated Meetings so to be appointed or altered.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace In case Clerk shall fail to attend, either personally or by a sufficient Deputy, in of Peace shall any of the said Districts at the Meetings appointed by the said notattend, Jus-Justices, of which the said Clerk of the Peace has had due Notice, pofn/another the Justices who shall attend at such District Meeting or Meetings

shall and they are hereby empowered to name an Interim Clerk for that District, who shall be removable by any subsequent Quarter Sessions, and another Clerk may then be appointed by the said Quarter Sessions from time to time, as they shall see cause.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better regulating Justices em-the Proceedings of the said Justices empowered to hear and deter- powered to mine the said Causes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, from time to time, to make Furtherance of such Rules and Orders as they shall find to be necessary and most Act. conducive for carrying into Effect the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, such Rules and Orders not being inconsistent with any of the express Enactments or Conditions herein contained or otherwise contrary to Law; and the said Rules and Orders having been made by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, shall be in force and kept and observed by the said Justices empowered to hear and determine the said Causes, and their Clerks and Officers, and the Suitors before them, until the same shall be repealed or varied by the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions, or by the Lords of Session or Justiciary at Edinburgh, or by the Circuit Courts of Justiciary, on the Application of any Two or more Justices of the Peace.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Person liable to be sum- No Privilege moned by virtue of this Act shall be exempt from the Jurisdiction to persons of the said Justices on account of Privilege, as being a Member of summone<h any other Court of Justice.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or Act not to ex-

any Thing herein contained shall not extend to any Debt or De- tendto any mand where the Title of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Vcbt where tbo or where any Heritable Right whatsoever, is brought in question, ^n|fs

nor to any other Debt, Matter or Thing that shall or may arise Cr to Cases°of upon or concerning the Validity of any Will, Testament or Con- Wills, &c. tract of Marriage, although the same shall not amount to the Sum

of Five Pounds Sterling; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, or any Kind of Gaming or Play, or any Debt or Demand for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Q 2 XXVI. And

228

C. 48.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Officers not liable to Penalty for selling by Auction, although not licensed.

19 G.3. c. 56.

No Solicitor, &c to act as a Justice of the Peace.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to whom Execution of the Decrees and Warrants of the Justices in Cases falling under the present Act may be committed, shall be liable to any Penalty, Fine or Punishment for selling Goods or Effects under Authority of the said Decrees and Warrants, by public Sale or Auction, although such Constable or Peace Officer may not be licensed as an Auctioneer; any Thing in the Act of Nineteenth of George the Third, Chapter Fifty six, or in any other Act or Acts for regulating Sales by public Auction, or imposing Duties thereon, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Solicitor or Procurator in any Inferior Court in Scotland, or the Partner of any such Person, shall from and after the passing of this Act be capa^ ble to continue or be a Justice of the Peace, or act as such, in any County in Scotland, during such Time as such Solicitor, Procurator or Partner of any such Person shall continue in the Business or Practice of Solicitor or Procurator in any Inferior Court.

SCHEDULE (A.) FEES allowed by the Act.

Clerk's Fees.

Complaint Warrant to cite _ - - 0 6

Copy for Service - 0 6

Entering into Procedure Book - 0 6

For Defender's Appearance - - 0 6

For every Oath of Party - 1 0

For every Oath of Witness - - 0 4

Decree and Warrant of Execution - 0 6

Warrant de Novo _ - 0 4

Rehearing - - 1 6

For Inspection of Book Constable'1 s Fees, including Assistants. 0 6

Citation and Execution - 0 4

Execution of Arrestment - - 0 6

Ditto of Poinding - 3 0

Sale - 2 0

Imprisonment - - 3 0

Travelling Expences per Mile, Constable - - 0 4

Assistants, each - 0 3

Crier s Fees.

For calling - 0 1

N. B. — The Justices strictly enforce the Provision of the Act which requires a Copy of the Account, Document of Debt or State of the Demand to be delivered to the Defender, at the Time he is summoned.

UNTO

6° GEO. IV. C. 48.

22 9

UNTO the Honourable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Shire of Complains, That

owing the Complainer

the Sum of

which refuses to pay unless compelled:

Therefore the said Defender

ought and should be decerned and ordained to make^Payment to the Complainer of the aforesaid Sum of with

Expences.

AT the Day of

the Clerk of Peace for the Shire of grants

Warrant for summoning the said Defender to compear before the Justices of the Peace for the said Shire at,

in the Court House thereof, upon the

, Day of at

o'Clock, to answer at the Instance of the said Complainer; and appoints a Copy of the Account pursued for, Document of Debt or State of the Demand, to be delivered to the Defender along with the Citation; also grants Warrant for citing Witnesses 'for both Parties to compear at same Place and Date, to give Evidence in the said Matter. ' C.D. Clerk.

UPON the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and I

Constable, summoned the above designed to

compear before His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Time and Place above mentioned, to answer at the Instance of the Complainer, with Certification that

will otherwise be held as confessing the Debt. This I did by a full Copy of the before Complaint and Warrant, with a short Copy of Citation thereto subjoined.

A. 2?. Constable.

AT the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and Years, the which Day His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of found and hereby find the within

designed Defender liable to the also within

designed Pursuer, in the Sum of

with ' of

Expences, as herein below marked and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution to pass hereon by Poinding and Imprisonment after free Days. C. D. Clerk.

a 3

230

C- 48, 49.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SCHEDULE (B.)

(Referred to in the foregoing Draft of amended Small Debt Act.)

No. Dates of Complaints. Pursuers. Defenders. Sums. How due. How cited. By what Constable. Interlocutors and Decrees.

-V 1 Ir — —

N. B. — After the Name of each Pursuer and Defender, let the Letter P, or A-be added, in order to mark whether the Party was present or absent when the Cause was called; let Expences be also entered under the Head of Interlocutors.

CAP. XLIX.

Treasurer of the Navy to pay Sums herein mentioned ©n Bills made forth by Commissioners for every Pirate secured or killed, and for every Man not taken or killed.

An Act for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels.

[22d June 1825.]

4 \JSrHIHlEAS it is expedient to give Encouragement to the W Commanders, Officers and Crews of His Majesty's Ships of War and hired armed Ships to attack and destroy any Ships, Vessels or Boats, manned by Pirates or Persons engaged in Acts of Piracy Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, who shall have been actually on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, at the actual taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, manned by Pirates or Persons engaged in Acts of Piracy, since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every such piratical Person, either taken and secured or killed during the Attack on such piratical Vessel, and the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every other Man of the Crew not taken or killed, who shall have been alive on board such Pirate Vessel at the beginning of the Attack thereof; the Numbers of such piratical Men respectively to be proved by the Ship's Papers taken on board such

piratical

6° GEO. IV. C. 49.

231

piratical Ship, Vessel or Boat, verified by the Oaths of Two or more of the Persons Who shall have found and taken Possession of such Papers, or by such other Evidence as under the Circumstances of the Case shall, by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court authorized to take cognizance of such Matter, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof.

II. And for the more speedy Distribution of such Reward payable in respect of Pirates or-Pirate Vessels, taken or destroyed in distant Parts; Be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Amount of the Bounty so to be paid, and the Numbers of Men in respect of whom it shall be payable, shall have been ascertained in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner of the Navy resident at any of His Majesty's Dock Yards abroad, or in the Absence of a Commissioner of the Navy, for the Naval Officer and Storekeeper, or if there shall be no such Commissioner or Naval Officer, then for the Commander in Chief or Senior Officer of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at the Port or Place into which the piratical Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be taken to be proceeded against, or in case of the Destruction of the Vessel, the Place into which the piratical Persons seized shall be carried, to draw upon the Commissioners of the Navy a Bill or Bills at Thirty Days' Sight for the Amount of such Bountjq which Bill or Bills shall, upon the said Commissioners being satisfied of the Correctness and Amount thereof by the Production to them of the Proof hereinbefore required, be by them assigned for Payment on the Treasurer of the Navy, and when paid be charged as an imprest on the Person so drawing the same; and that all Bills so to be made out by the Commissioners of the Navy, or to be drawn upon them as aforesaid, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed Agents for the Appraisement and Sales of such piratical Ships or Boats in respect of which such Bounty shall be payable, or for the Pteceipt of such Bounty only, in case such piratical Ships, Vessels or Boats shall have been sunk, burnt or destroyed, in like Manner as by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War, was directed with respect to the Appointment of Agents for the Appraisement and Sale of Prizes taken from the Enemy; and that the same Bounty shall be paid, distributed and divided by such authorized and appointed Agent or Agents, to and amongst such Persons, and in such Manner, Form and Proportion as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by any Order or Orders in Council for that Purpose, shall think fit to declare and direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, Merchandize or other Property found and taken in the Possession of Pirates, shall be duly proved in and adjudged by Court of Admiralty or other Court having competent Jurisdiction therein to have belonged to and to have been taken from any of His Majesty's Subjects, then such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, Merchandize and other Property, and every Part thereof so proved, shall by the Decree of the said Court be adjudged to be restored, and shall be accordingly restored to the former Owner or Owners, Pro-

Q J prietor

When Amount of Bounty ascertained, Bills to be drawn on Commissioners of the Navy in Manner herein mentioned.

45 G.3. c. 72.

§ 5, 6.

Distribution of Bounty.

Vessels, &c. found in Possession of Pirates restored to Owners, on Payment by them in lieu of Salvage *

232

C. 49, 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Distribution of Money.

Deserters not entitled to Bounty, Sec.

Their Shares paid to Greenwich Hospital.

Agents for Sale of Ships, &c. to register their Letters of Attorney.

Penalties for not registering, as by 45 G.3. c. 72.

Age and Qualification of Jurors in England in Superior Courts, Assizes and

prietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, he or they paying for or in lieu of Salvage a Sum of Money equal to One eighth Part of the true Value of such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods, Merchandize and other Property respectively; which Money shall be paid to and divided and distributed amongst, such Persons, and in such Manner, Form and Proportion, as shall by any Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council be directed for the Distribution of the Produce of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Goods or other Property of Pirates.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall desert from any of His Majesty's Ships or hired armed Vessels, or otherwise from His Majesty's Service, shall be entitled to receive any Proportion of Bounty Money, Salvage or other Monies payable by virtue of this Act; but that the Shares of all such Persons, as well as all other Shares which shall not be legally demanded within the Times prescribed by the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Ileign for the Demand of Prize Money, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwichf within such Times, in such Manner, and to and for such Uses and Purposes, and subject to such Provisions, Regulations and Exceptions, as in the said Act is mentioned with respect to Prize Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for the Appraisement and Sale of any piratical Ships, Vessels or Boats taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or hired armed Ships, or for the Distribution of the Bounty Money by this Act given, shall exhibit and cause to be registered their Letter or Letters of Attorney in the respective Courts wherein the Proceedings touching the Vessels so taken, or touching such Bounty or Salvage, shall he had; and all such Agents shall he subject to such Forfeitures and Disqualifications for not registering the same as in and by the said Act of the Forty fifth of His late Majesty's Reign are enacted and provided.

CAP. L.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries.

[22d June 1825-3

WHEREAS the Laws relative to the Qualification and sumYY moning of Jurors, and the Formation of Juries in England and Wales, are very numerous and complicated, and it is expedient to consolidate and simplify the same, and to increase the Number of Persons qualified to serve on Juries, and to alter the Mode of striking Special Juries, and in some other respects to amend the said Laws Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Man, except as hereinafter excepted, between the Ages of Twenty one Years and Sixty Years, residing in any County in England, who shall have in his own Name or in Trust for him, within the same County, Ten Pounds by the Year above Reprizes in Lands or Tenements, whether of Freehold, Copyhold or Customary

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

233

tomary Tenure, or of Ancient Demesne, or in Rents issuing out of any such Lands or Tenements, or in such Lands, Tenements and Rents taken together, in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for the Life of himself or some other Person, or who shall have within the same County Twenty Pounds by the Year above Reprizes, in Lands or Tenements, held by Lease or Leases for the absolute Term of Twenty one Years, or some longer Term, or for any Term of Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or who being a X-Iouseholder shall be rated or assessed to the Poor Rate, or to the Inhabited House Duty in the County of Middlesex, on a Value of not less than Thirty Pounds, or in any other County on a Value of not less than Twenty Pounds, or who shall occupy a House containing not less than Fifteen Windows, shall be qualified and shall be liable to serve on Juries for the Trial of all Issues joined in any of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in the Superior Courts, both Civil and Criminal, of the Three Counties Palatine, and in all Courts of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, such Issues being respectively triable in the County in which every Man so qualified respectively shall reside, and shall also be qualified and liable to serve on Grand Juries in Courts of Sessions of the Peace and on Petty Juries, for the Trial of all Issues joined in such Courts of Sessions of the Peace, and triable in the County, Riding or Division in which every Man so qualified respectively shall reside; and that every Man (except as hereinafter excepted) being between the aforesaid ages, residing in any County in Wales, and being there qualified to the Extent of Three fifths of any of the foregoing Qualifications, shall be qualified and shall be liable to serve on Juries for the Trial of all Issues joined in the Courts of Great Sessions, and on Grand Juries in Courts of Sessions of the Peace, and on Petty Juries for the Trial of all Issues joined in such Courts of Sessions of the Peace, in every County of Wales, in which every Man so qualified as last aforesaid respectively shall reside.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Peers; all Judges of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, and of the Courts of Great Session in Wales; all Clergymen in Holy. Orders; all Priests of the Roman Catholic Faith who shall have duly taken and subscribed the Oaths and Declarations required by Law; all Persons who shall teach or preach in any Congregation of Protestant Dissenters, whose Place of Meeting is duly registered, and who shall follow no secular Occupation except that of a Schoolmaster, producing a Certificate of some Justice of the Peace of their having taken the Oaths, and subscribed the Declaration required by Law; all Serjeants and Barristers at Law actually practising; all Members of the Society of Doctors of Law, and Advocates of the Civil Law, actually practising; all Attornies, Solicitors and Proctors duly admitted in any Court of Law or Equity, or of Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Jurisdiction, in which Attornies, Solicitors and Proctors have usually beer admitted actually practising, and having duly taken out their Annual Certificates; all Officers of any such Courts actually exercising the Duties of their respective Offices; all Coroners, Gaolers and Keepers of Houses of Correction; all Members and

Sessions of the Peace.

(See 13 Ed. I c. 38.

27 Eliz. c. 6. 4 & 5 W. & M. c. 25. § 15.

3 G.2. c. 25.

§ 18.)

Age and Qualification in Wales.

(See & 5 W. & M. c. 25. § 15.)

Exemptions from serving on Juries.

(See 1 W. & M. c. 18. § 11.

19 G.3. c. 44. 31 G. 3. C. 32.J § 8.

52 G.3. c. 155.

§9.)

G. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

(Se6 5 H.8.C. 6. 18 G.2. c. 15.

10.)

.(See 6 & 7 W.& M. c. 4.) 55 G. 3. c. 194.

Proviso.

Aliens disqualified except on Juries de me-dietate. Convicts (Exception) Outlaws, &c. disqualified.

Clerk of the

Peace to issue Warrants to Pligh Constables.

(See 3 & Anne, c. 18. §5.

3 G.2. c. 25.)

Clerk of the Peace to annex printed Forms of Precepts, &c.

Licentiates'of the Royal College of Physicians in London actually practising; all Surgeons being Members of One of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons in London, Edinburgh or Dublin, and actually practising; all Apothecaries certificated by the Court of Examiners of the Apothecaries Company, and actually practising; all Officers in His Majesty's Navy or Army on Full Pay; all Pilots licensed by the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, Kingston upon Hidl or Newcastle upon Tyne, and all Masters of Vessels in the Buoy and Light Service emplo3^ed by either of those Corporations, and all Pilots licensed by the Lord Warden of the Ginque Ports, or under any Act of Parliament or Charter for the Regulation of Pilots in any other Port; all the Household Servants of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; all Officers of Customs and Excise; all Sheriff's Officers, High Constables and Parish Clerks, shall be and are hereby absolutely freed and exempted from being returned, and from serving upon any Juries or Inquests whatsoever, and shall not be inserted in the Lists to be prepared by virtue of this Act as hereinafter mentioned: Provided also, that all Persons exempt from serving upon Juries in any of the Courts aforesaid, by virtue of any Prescription, Charter, Grant or Writ, shall continue to have and enjoy such Exemption in as ample a Manner as before the passing of this Act, and shall not be inserted in the Lists hereinafter mentioned.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That no Man, not being a natural born Subject of the King, is or shall be qualified to serve on Juries or Inquests, except only in the Cases hereinafter expressly provided for; and no Man who hath been or shall be attainted of any Treason or Felony, or convicted of any Crime that is infamous, unless he shall have obtained a free Pardon, nor any Man who is under Outlawry or Excommunication, is or shall be qualified to serve on Juries or Inquests in any Court, or on any Occasion whatsoever.

IV. And be it further, enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace in every County, Riding and Division in England and Wales, shall, within the First Week of July in every Year, issue and deliver his Warrant (in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be) to the High Constables of each Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District, by which he shall command them to issue forth their Precepts to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, and to the Overseers of the Poor of the several Townships within their respective Constablewicks, requiring them to prepare and make out, before the First Day of September then next ensuing, a true List of all Men residing within their respective Parishes and Townships, qualified and liable to serve on Juries according to this Act as aforesaid, and also to perform and comply with all other the Requisitions in the said Precepts contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace shall cause a sufficient Number of Warrants, Precepts and Returns to be printed, according to the several Forms set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, at the Expence of the County, Riding or Division, and shall annex to every Warrant a competent Number of Precepts and Returns, for the Use of the re-

10 spective

235

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

spective Persons by whom such Precepts are to be issued and such Returns to be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Warrant of the Clerk of the Peace, every High Constable shall issue and deliver his Precept (in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be), together with a Competent Number of the printed Forms of Returns, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, and to the Overseers of the Poor of the several Townships within his Constablewick, requiring them by such Precept to prepare and make out a true List of all Men residing within their respective Parishes and Townships, qualified and liable to serve as Jurors as aforesaid, and to perform and comply with all the Requisitions in the said Precept contained: Provided always, that where in any Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District, there shall be more than One High Constable, in such Case the Clerk of the Peace shall issue and deliver his Warrant, together with a competent Number of the Precepts and Returns as aforesaid, to every One of such High Constables, each of whom shall be individually liable for the due Performance of the several Matters commanded in such Warrant throughout the whole of such Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District, and shall for the Nonperformance thereof be subject to all and every the Penalties by this Act imposed upon any High Constable: Provided also, that where in any Parish there shall be no Overseers of the Poor, other than the Churchwardens, such Churchwardens shall be deemed and taken to be the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes: Provided also, that where any Parish or Township shall extend into more than one Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District, either in the same or different Counties, such Parish or Township shall be deemed and taken, for all the Purposes of this Act, to be within that Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District, in which the principal Church of such Parish or Township shall be situate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any Division in England or Wales, at a Special Petty Sessions to be holden for that Purpose before the First Day of July in any Year, to make an Order for annexing any Extraparochial Place, whenever they shall think it expedient, to any Parish or Township adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act, and a Copy of such Order shall, within Five Days from the making thereof, be served upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of such adjoining Parish, or upon the Overseers of such adjoining Township, and such Extraparochial Place shall from thence continually be deemed and taken, for all the Purposes of this Act, to be within and to form an integral Part of such Parish or Township; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish, and the Overseers of such Township, shall be, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to make out, according to this Act, a true List of all Men qualified and liable to serve on Juries as aforesaid, residing as well in their own respective Parish or Township as in the Extraparochial

Place

High Constables to issue Precepts to Churchwardens, &c. to make out Jury Lists.

Where there are several High Constables, each responsible throughout the whole Hundred.

Proviso, where no Overseers.

Parishes, Sec. extending inter more than One Hundred, treated as where Parish Church is.J

Justices of Division may order any Extraparochial Place to be annexed to any adjoining Parish or Township, for the Purposes of" this Act.

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Churchwardens, Sec. to make out Lists of Persons qualified to serve. (See 3 & Anne, c. 18. §5.)

Lists to be fixed on Church Doors, and also kept by Churchwardens for Inspection.

No Fee.

Copies printed at Expence of Parishes.

Petty Sessions held last Week of September.

Lists to be there produced, considered, reformed, and

Place thereto annexed, and shall from time to time perform and execute within such Extraparochial Place, for the Purposes of this Act, but for no other Purpose, all and every the same Acts, Duties, Powers and Authorities, as in their own respective Parish or Township, and shall be as fully liable to the same Penalties for the Nonperformance thereof within such Extraparochial Place, as if they had in every Instance been mentioned in this Act with reference to such Extraparochial Place.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish, and the Overseers of every Township, within the Meaning of this Act, shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Precept from the High Constable, prepare and make out in Alphabetical Order a true List of every Man residing within their respective Parishes or Townships, who shall be qualified and liable to serve on Juries as aforesaid, with the Christian and Surname written at full Length, and with the true Place of Abode, the Title, Quality, Calling or Business, and the Nature of the Qualification of every such Man, in the proper Columns of the Form of Return set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of each Parish, and the Overseers of each Township, having made out according to this Act a List of every Man qualified and liable to serve on Juries as aforesaid, shall, on the Three First Sundays in the Month of September, fix a true Copy of such List upon the principal Door of every Church, Chapel and other public Place of Religious Worship within their respective Parishes or Townships, having first subjoined to every such Copy a Notice, stating that all Objections to the List will be heard by the Justices of the Peace at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, and having also signed their Names at the Foot of such Copy, and shall likewise keep the Original List, or a true Copy thereof, to be perused by any of the Inhabitants of their respective Parishes or Townships, at any reasonable Time during the Three first Weeks of the Month of September, without any Fee or Reward, to the End that Notice may be given of Men qualified who are omitted, or of Men inserted who ought to be omitted out of such List; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of each Parish, and the Overseers of each Township, are hereby authorized to cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Lists, for the Purposes aforesaid, to be printed at the Expence of their respective Parishes or Townships.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in every Division in England and Wales shall hold a Special Petty Sessions for the Purposes herein mentioned, within the last Seven Days of September in every Year, on some Day and at some Place, of which Notice shall be given by their Clerk, before the Twentieth Day of August next preceding, to the High Constable and to the Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish, and to the Overseers of every Township, within such Division; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of each Parish, and the Overseers of each Township, shall then and there produce the List of Men qualified and liable to serve on Juries as aforesaid within their respective Parishes or Townships, by them prepared

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

237

and made out, as hereinbefore directed, and shall answer upon Oath such Questions touching the same as shall be put to them, or any of them, by the Justices then present; and if any Man, not qualified and liable to serve on Juries as aforesaid, is inserted in any such List, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, upon Satisfaction from the Oath of the Party complaining, or other Proof or upon their own Knowledge that he is not qualified and liable to serve on Juries, to strike his Name out of such List, and also to strike thereout the Names of Men disabled by Lunacy or Imbecility of Mind, or by Deafness, Blindness or other permanent Infirmity of Body, from serving on Juries; and it shall also be lawful for such Justices to insert in such List the Name of any Man omitted therein, and likewise to reform any Errors or Omissions which shall appear to them to have been committed in respect to the Name, Place of Abode, Title, Quality, Calling, Business or the Nature of the Qualification of any Man included in any such List: Provided always, that no Mans Name, if omitted, shall be inserted in such List, nor shall any Error or Omission in the Description of any Man in such List be reformed by the said Justices, unless upon the Application of such Men respectively, or unless such Men respectively shall have had Notice that an Application for such Purpose would be made to the Justices at such Petty Sessions, or unless the said Justices at such Sessions, or any Two of them, shall cause Notice to be given to such Men respectively, requiring them to show Cause, at some Adjournment of such Petty Sessions to be holden within Four Days thereafter, why their Names should not be inserted in such List, or why any Error or Omission in the Description of such Men in such List should not be reformed; and when every such List shall be duly corrected at such Sessions, or at such Adjournment thereof, it shall be allowed by the Justices present, or Two of them, at such Sessions or such Adjournment, who shall sign the same, with their Allowance thereof; and the High Constable shall receive every List so allowed, and deliver the same to the Court of Quarter Sessions next holden for the County, Riding or Division, on the First Day of its Sitting, at the same Time attesting on Oath his Receipt of every such List from the Petty Sessions, and that no Alteration hath been made therein since his Receipt thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish, and the Overseers of every Township, shall for their Assistance in completing the Lists, pursuant to the Intent of this Act (upon Request made by them or any of them at any reasonable Time between the First Day of July and the First Day of October in every Year, to any Collector or Assessor of Taxes, or to any other Officer having the Custody of any Duplicate or Tax Assessment for such Parish or Township), have free Liberty to inspect any such Duplicate or Assessment, and take from thence the Names of such Men qualified to serve on Juries, dwelling within their respective Parishes or Townships, as may appear to them or any of them to be necessary or useful; and every Court of Petty Sessions and Justice of the Peace shall, upon the like Request to any Collector or Assessor of Taxes, or any other Officer having the Custody of any Duplicate or

Tax

allowed,

3 G.2. c. 25.

Incapacity by Lunacy, &c.

Petty Sessions not to alter List without Notice to Party affected thereby.

Power of Adjournment.

Proceedings as to Lists, after Allowance by Petty Sessions. (See 3 G.2. c. 25. §7.)

Tax Assessments and Poor Rates to be inspected by Churchwardens, &c.

(See 3 G.2. c. 25. § 1.)

and by Justices, &c.

238

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Lists kept by Clerk of Peace, a*nd copied into a Book to be delivered to Sheriff.

(See 7 & 8 W.3. c. 32. § 4.

3 G.2. c. 25.

§2.)

To be delivered to his Successor.

Used for One Year.

Form of Venire Facias; (See Anne, c. 16. § 6. Sc 7. 24 G.2. c. IS.)

and of Precept for Jurors at Gaol Deliveries and Sessions of the Peace.

Juries to be returned from Jurors' Book, by Sheriff, and by Coroners and Elisors.

Proviso.

Tax Assessment, or to any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers, having the Custody of any Poor Rate within their respective Divisions, have the like free Liberty to inspect and make Extracts from any such Duplicate Tax Assessment or Poor Rate, for the Purpose of assisting them in the Reformation and Completion of the Jury Lists within their respective Divisions.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace

shall keep the Lists, so returned by the High Constable to the Court of Quarter Sessions, among the Records of the Sessions, arranged with every Hundred in Alphabetical Order, and every Parish or Township within such Hundred, likewise in Alphabetical Order, and shall cause the same to be fairly and truly copied in the same Order, in a Book to be by him provided for that Purpose, at the Expence of the County, Riding or Division, with proper Columns for making the Register hereinafter directed, and shall deliver the same Book to the Sheriff of the County or his Undersheriff, within Six Weeks next after the Close of such Sessions, which Book shall be called "The Jurors' Book for the Year (inserting the Calendar Year for which such

Book is to be in use); and that every Sheriff on quitting his Office shall deliver the same to the succeeding Sheriff; and that every Jurors' Book so prepared shall be brought into use on the First Day of January after it shall be so delivered by the Clerk of the Peace to the Sheriff or his Undersheriff, and shall be used for One Year then next following.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Writ of Venire Facias Juratores for the Trial of any Issue whatsoever, whether Civil or Criminal, or on any Penal Statute, in any of the Courts in England or Wales hereinbefore mentioned, shall direct the Sheriff to return Twelve good and lawful Men of the Body of his County, qualified according to Law, and the rest of the Writ shall proceed in the accustomed Form; and that every Precept to be issued for the Return of Jurors before Courts of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, the Superior Criminal Courts of the Three Counties Palatine, and Courts of Sessions of the Peace in England, and before the Courts of Great Sessions and Sessions of the Peace in Wales, shall in like Manner direct the Sheriff to return a competent Number of good and lawful Men of the Body of his County, qualified according to Law, and shall not require the same to be returned from any Hundred or Hundreds, or from any particular Venue within the County, and that the Want of Hundredors shall be no Cause of Challenge; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff, upon the Receipt of every such Writ of Venire Facias and Precept for the Return of Jurors, shall return the Names of Men contained in the Jurors' Book for the then current Year and no others; and that where Process for returning a Jury for the Trial of any of the Issues aforesaid shall be directed to any Coroner, Elisor or other Minister, he shall have free Access to the Jurors' Book for the current Year and shall in like Manner return the Names of Men contained therein, and no others: Provided always, that if there shall be no Jurors' Book in existence for the current Year, it shall

be

239

C. 50.

be lawful to jreturn Jurors from the Jurors' Book for the Year preceding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of Juries for the Trial of Issues before any Court of Assize or Nisi Prius in any County of England, except the Counties Palatine, may belong, shall, upon his Return of every Writ of Venire Facias (unless in Causes intended to be tried at Bar, or in Cases where a Special Jury shall be struck by Order or Rule of Court), annex a Panel to the said Writ, containing the Names alphabetically arranged, together with the Places of Abode and Additions, of a competent Number of Jurors named in the Jurors' Book, and that the Names of the* same Jurors shall be inserted in the Panel annexed to every Venire Facias for the Trial of all Issues at the same Assizes' or Sessions of Nisi Prius in each respective County, which Number of Jurors shall not in any County be less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two, unless by the Direction of the Judges appointed to hold the Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius in the same County or One of them, who are and is hereby empowered, by Order under their or his Hands or Hand, to direct a greater or lesser Number, and then such Number as shall be so directed shall be the Number to be returned; and that in the Writ of Habeas Corpora Juratorum or Distringas, subsequent to such Writ of Venire Facias, it shall not be requisite to insert the Names of all the Jurors contained in such Panel, but it shall be sufficient to insert in the mandatory Part of such Writs respectively," the Bodies of the several Persons in the Panel to this Writ annexed named," or Words of the like Import; and to annex to such Writs respectively Panels containing the same Names as were returned in the Panel to such Venire Facias, with their Places of Abode and Additions; and that for making the Returns and Panels aforesaid, and annexing the same to the respective Writs, the ancient legal Fee and no other, shall be taken; and that the Men named in such Panels, and no others, shall be summoned to serve on Juries at the then next Court of Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius for the respective Counties named in such Writs.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Plaintiff or Demandant in any Cause which shall be at Issue in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or an}r Defendant in any Action of Quare Impedit or Replevin which shall be so at issue, shall sue out any Writ of Venire Facias, upon which any Writ of Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius shall issue, in order to the Trial of the said Issue at the Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius, and shall not proceed to Trial at the First Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius after the Teste of such Writ of Habeas Corpora or Distringas, then and in every such Case (except when a View by Jurors shall be directed as hereinafter mentioned), such Plaintiff, Demandant or Defendant, whensoever he shall think fit to try the said Issue at any other Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius, shall sue forth a new Writ of Venire Facias commanding the Sheriff to return anew Twelve good and lawful Men of the Body of his County, qualified according to Law, and the rest of the Writ shall proceed in the accustomed Manner;

which

Sheriff, &c. on Return of Writs of Venire Facias, to annex a Panel of Jurors, &c.

(See 3 G.2. c. 25. § 8.)

Fees.

If Plaintiff sue forth a Venire, &c. in order to Trial, and proceed not, he may afterwards sue forth another Venire, &c. and try at any subsequent Assizes.

(See 7 & 8 W.3. c. 32. § 1.)

240

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Fees.

Defendant may-do the same.

Regulation for Returns of Jurors in the Counties Palatine.

(See 3 G.2. c. 25. § 10.)

And for Returns of Jurors in Wales.

(See 3 G.2. c. 25. § 9.)

which Writ being duly returned, a Writ of Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius shall issue thereupon (for which the same Fees shall be paid as in the Case of the Pluries Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius), upon which such Plaintiff, Demandant or Defendant shall and may proceed to Trial as lawfully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if no former Writ of Venire Facias had been prosecuted in that Cause, and so toties quoties, as the Case shall require; and if any Defendant or Tenant in any Action depending in any of the said Courts shall be minded to bring to Trial any Issue joined against him, where by the Practice of the Court he may do the same by Proviso, he shall or may, of the issuable Term next preceding such intended Trial to be had at the next Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius, sue out a new Venire Facias to the Sheriff in the Form aforesaid by Proviso, and prosecute the same by Writ of Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius, as lawfully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if no former Writ of Venire Facias had been sued out or returned in that Cause, and so toties quoties, as the Matter shall require.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of Juries for the Trial of Causes in the Superior Courts of the said Counties Palatine may belong, shall, Ten Days at least before the said Courts shall respectively be held, summon a competent Number of Men, named in the Jurors Book, to serve on Juries in the said Courts, so as such Number be not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two, without the Direction of the Judge or Judges of the Courts for such Counties Palatine respectively; and the Sheriff or other Minister who shall summon such Jurors shall return a List containing the Names, alphabetically arranged, and the Places of Abode and Additions of the Jurors so summoned, on the First Day of the Court to be held for the said Counties Palatine respectively; and the Jurors so summoned, or a competent Number of them, as the Judge or Judges of such Courts respectively shall direct, and no others, (unless in Cases where a Special Jury shall be struck,) shall be named in every Panel to be annexed to every Writ of Venire Facias Juratores, Habeas Corpora Juratorum, and Distringas, which shall be issued out and returnable for the Trial of Causes in such Courts respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of Juries for the Trial of Causes in the Court of Great Sessions in any County of Wales may belong, shall, at least Ten Days before every Great Sessions, summon a competent Number of Men named in the Jurors' Book, so as such Number be not less than Forty eight or more than Seventy-two, without the Direction of the Judge or Judges of the Great Sessions for such County, who is and are hereby empowered, if he or they shall see cause, by Rule of Court, or by an Order of any Judge thereof, to be made in Vacation, if necessary, to direct a greater or lesser Number to be summoned; and that the Sheriff or other Minister who shall summon such Jurors shall return a List containing the Names, alphabetically arranged, and the Places of Abode and Additions of the Jurors so summoned, at the First Court of the Second Day of every Great Sessions; and that the

Jurors

<3° GEO. IV. C. 50.

241

Jurors so summoned, or a competent Number of them, as the Judge or Judges of such Great Sessions shall direct, and no others (unless in Cases where a Special Jury shall be struck), shall be named in every Panel to be annexed to every Writ of Venire Facias Juratores, Habeas Corpora Juratorum and Distringas, which shall be issued out and returnable for the Trial of Causes at such Great Sessions.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of Jurors for the Trial of Causes in any County in England (except the Counties Palatine) may belong, .shall cause to be made out an Alphabetical List of the Names of all the Jurors contained in the Panels to the several Writs of Venire Facias annexed as aforesaid, with their respective Places of Abode and Additions; and the Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of Jurors for the Trial of Causes in any County Palatine, or in any County in Wales, may belong, shall cause to be made out in like Manner a List of all the Jurors so summoned in such respective Counties as aforesaid; and every such Sheriff or other Minister shall keep such List in the Office of his Undersheriff or Deputy for Seven Days at least before the Sitting of the next Court of Assize or Nisi Prius, or the next Court to be holden for any County Palatine, or the next Court of Great Sessions in any County in Wales; and the Parties in all Causes to be tried at any such Court of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Court of any County Palatine or Great Sessions, and their respective Attornies, shall, on Demand, have full Liberty to inspect such List, without any Fee or Reward to be paid for Inspection.

XX. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That the Court of King's Bench, and all Courts of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, the Superior Criminal Courts of the Three Counties Palatine, and Courts of Sessions of the Peace in England, and all Courts of Great Sessions and Sessions of the Peace in Wales, shall respectively have and exercise the same Power and Authority as they have heretofore had and exercised in issuing any Writ or Precept, or in making any Award or Order, orally or otherwise, for the Return of a Jury for the Trial of any Issue before any of such Courts respectively, or for the amending or enlarging the Panel of Jurors returned for the Trial of any such Issue; and the Return to every such Writ, Precept, Award or Order shall be made in the Manner heretofore used and accustomed in such Courts respectively, save and except, that the Jurors shall be returned from the Body of the County, and not from any Hundred or Plundreds, or from any particular Venue within the County, and shall be qualified according to this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person is indicted for High Treason or Misprision of Treason, in any Court other than the Court of King's Bench, a List of the Petit Jury, mentioning the Names, Profession and Place of Abode of the Jurors, shall be given at the same Time that the Copy of the Indictment is delivered to the Party indicted, which shall be Ten Days before the Arraignment, and in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses; and when any Person is indicted for High Treason or Misprision of Treason in the Court of King's Bench, a Copy of the Indictment shall be delivered within the

6 Geo. IV. R Time

Copy of Panel to be kept in Sheriff's Office, for Inspection of Parties and their Attornies. (See 42 Ed.3. c.ll. and 6 H.6. c. 2.)

No Fee.

Juries in Criminal Courts to be returned as before.

(3 H.8. c. 12.)

Copy of Panel to be delivered to Parties indicted for High Treason.

(See 7 Anne, c. 21. §7.)

Exceptions. 39Sc 10 G.3. c. 93.

6 G.3. c. 53. § 3.

Judge of Assize, &c. may direct same Panel for Criminal and Civil Sides, and may direct two Sets of Jurors to be summoned, to serve as herein mentioned.

(See 1 & 2 G.4. C. 4G.)

Summons to be xnade out either for the First or Second Set.

Tn case of View, Judge to appoint Trial during Attendance of Viewers.

C. 50. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

Time and in the Manner aforesaid; but the List of the Petit Jury made out as aforesaid, may be delivered to the Party indicted at any Time after the Arraignment, so as the same be delivered Ten Days before the Day of Trial: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall any ways extend to any Indictment for High Treason in compassing and imagining the Death of the King, or for Misprision of such Treason where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in the Indictment shall be Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person, whereby his Life may be endangered, or his Person may suffer bodily Harm; or to any Indictment of High Treason for counterfeiting His Majesty's Coin, the Great Seal or Privy Seal, his Sign Manuel or Privy Signet; or to any Indictment of High Treason, or to any Proceedings thereupon, against any Offender or Offenders who by any Act or Acts now in force is and are to be indicted, arraigned, tried and convicted by such like Evidence, and in such Manner as is used and allowed against Offenders for counterfeiting His Majesty's Coin.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in any County in which the Justices of Assize in England, or the Justices of the Superior Courts of the said Counties Palatine, or the Judges of the Great Sessions in any County of Wales, shall think fit so to direct, the Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of the Venire Facias Juratores or other Process for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius, doth belong, shall summon and impannel such Number of Jurors, not exceeding One hundred and forty four, as such Judges or Justices respectively shall think fit to direct, to serve indiscriminate^ on the Criminal and Civil Side; and that where such Judges or Justices respectively shall so direct, the Sheriff or other Minister shall divide such Jurors equally into Two Sets, the First of which Sets shall attend and serve for so many Days at the beginning of each Assize or Great Sessions, as such Judges or Justices respectively shall, within a reasonable Time before the Commencement of such Assize or Great Sessions, respectively think fit to direct, and the other of which Sets shall attend and serve for the Residue of such Assize or Great Sessions: Provided always, that such Sheriff or other Minister shall, in the Summons to the Jurors in each of such Sets, specify whether the Juror named therein is in the First or Second Set, and at what Time the Attendance of such Juror will be required; and the Sheriff or other Minister to whom the Return of the Venire Facias Juratores or other Process for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius doth belong, shall, upon his Return of every such Writ or Process, annex thereto a Panel containing the Names, alphabetically arranged, together with the Additions and Places of Abode, of the Jurors in each of such Sets; and during the Attendance and Service of the First of such Sets, the Jury on the Civil Side shall be drawn from the Names of the Persons in that Set, and during the Attendance and Service of the Second of such Sets, from the Names of the Persons in such Second Set: Provided always, that in any Case wherein an Order for a View shall have been obtained as hereinafter mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Case is to be tried, and he is hereby

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

243

required, on the Application of the Party obtaining such Order, to appoint such Case to be tried during the Attendance and Service of that Set of Jurors in which the Viewers, or the major Part of them, are included.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any Case In either Civil either Civil or Criminal, or on any penal Statute, depending in or Criminal any of the said Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Counties jurors areto Palatine, or Great Sessions in Wales, it shall appear to any of the view, Court may respective Courts, or to an)^ Judge thereof in Vacation, that it order Special will be proper and necessary that some of the Jurors who are to Writs of Venire try the Issues in such Case should have the View of the Place in F?cias> Tbs-question, in order to their better understanding the Evidence that ^eaf Corpora^ may be given upon the Trial of such Issues, in every such Case Ann©, such Court, or any Judge thereof in Vacation, may order a Rule c. 16. §8.

to be drawn up, containing the usual Terms, and also requiring, if 3 G.2. c. 25. such Court or Judge shall so think fit, the Party applying for the § 14*)

View to deposit in the Elands of the Undersheriff a Sum of Money to be named in the Rule for Pajmient of the Expences of the View, and commanding special Writs of Venire Facias, Distringas or Elabeas Corpora, to issue, by which the Sheriff or other Minister to whom the said Writs shall be directed shall be commanded to have Six or more of the Jurors named in such Writs, or in the Panels thereto annexed (who shall be mutually consented to by the Parties, or if they cannot agree, shall be nomi- Sheriff to no-nated by the Sheriff or such other Minister as aforesaid), at the njinateif Place in question, some convenient Time before the Trial, who arities 0 not then and there shall have the Place in question shown to them by Two Persons in the said Writs named, to be appointed by the Court or Judge; and the said Sheriff or other Minister who is to execute any such Writ shall, by a special Return upon the same, certify that the View hath been had according to the Command of the same, and shall specify the Names of the Viewers.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where a View shall be Viewers to be allowed in any Case, those Men who shall have had the View, or sworn^first, such of them as shall appear upon the Jury to try the Issue, shall £^5 § [±\ be first sworn, and so many only shall be added to the Viewers

who shall appear, as shall after all Defaulters and Challenges allowed make up a full Jury of Twelve.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Summons of every Jurors to be Man to serve on Juries, not being Special Juries, in any of the summoned Ten Courts aforesaid, shall be made by the proper Officer Ten Days Da^of Atten at the least before the Day on which the Juror is to attend, by dance showing to the Man to be summoned, or in case he shall be ab- (See7&8 W.8. sent from the usual Place of his Abode, by leaving with some c. 32. §5&ii.) Person there inhabiting, a Note in Writing, under the Hand of and for Special the Sheriff or other proper Officer, containing the Substance of j^r°srs liree such Summons; and the Summons of every Man to serve on

Special Juries in any of the Courts aforesaid shall be made by the like Persons, and in the like Manner as aforesaid, Three Days at the least before the Day on which the Special Juror is to attend:

Provided always, that this Act shall not require any longer Time Time for sum-for summoning any Jurors in the City of London or County of moning Jurors Middlesex than has been heretofore by Law required, nor shall for London, &e. give any longer Time for the Return of any Writ of Venire as heretofore *

Facias.

244

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Names of Jurors to be delivered to Associate, and ballotted for Juries in Civil Courts in mannerhere-in mentioned. (See 3 G.2. c. 25.

§ 11 and 12.)

Where Jury have not given Verdict, Twelve others to be drawn.

The same Jury, if not objected to, may try several Issues in succession without being redrawn, or Court may make other Order.

Facias, Habeas Corpora or Distringas, than has been heretofore by Law required; but that where there shall not be Ten Days between the awarding of such Writ and the Return thereof, every Juror ma}' be summoned, attached or distrained, to appear at the Day and Time therein mentioned, as he might heretofore have been.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Name of each Man who shall be summoned and impannelled in any Court of Assize or Nisi Prius, or for the Trial of Issues in the Civil Courts of the Counties Palatine or Great Sessions, with the Place of his Abode and Addition, shall be written on a distinct Piece of Parchment or Card, such Pieces of Parchment or Card being all as nearly as may be of equal Size, and shall be delivered unto the Associate or Prothonotary of such Court by the Undersheriff of the County, or the Secondary of the City of London, and shall, by Direction and Care of such Associate or Prothonotary, be put together in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, and when any Issue shall be brought on to be tried, such Associate or Prothonotary shall in open Court draw out Twelve of the said Parchments or Cards one after another, and if any of the Men whose Names shall be so drawn shall not appear, or shall be challenged and set aside, then such further Number, until Twelve Men be drawn, who shall appear, and after all just Causes of Challenge allowed, shall remain as fair and indifferent; and the said Twelve Men so first drawn and appearing, and approved as indifferent, their Names being marked in the Panel, and they being sworn, shall be the Jury to try the Issue, and the Names of the Men so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves until such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and the same shall be recorded, or until such Jury shall, by Consent of the Parties or by Leave of the Court, be discharged, and then the same Names shall be returned to the Box, there to be kept with the other Names remaining at that Time undrawn, and so toties quoiies as long as any Issue remains to be tried: Provided always, that if any Issue shall be brought on to be tried in any of the said Courts before the Jury in any other Issue shall have brought in their Verdict or been discharged, it shall be lawful for the Court to order Twelve of the Residue of the said Parchments or Cards, not containing the Names of any of the Jurors who shall not have so brought in their Verdict or been discharged, to be drawn in such Manner as is aforesaid, for the Trial of the Issue which, shall be so brought on to be tried: Provided also, that where no Objection shall be made on behalf of the King or any other Party, it shall be lawful for the Court to try any Issue with the same Jury that shall have previously tried or been drawn to try any other Issue, without their Names being returned to the Box and redrawn, or to order the Name or Names of any Man or Men on such July, whom both Parties may consent to withdraw, or who may be justly challenged or excused by the Court, to be set aside, and another Name or other Names to be drawn from the Box, and to try the Issue with the Residue of such original Jury, and with such Man or Men whose Name or Names shall be so. drawn, and who shall appear and be approved as indifferent, and so toties quoties as long as any Issue remains to be tried.

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

245

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Man shall be returned as a Juror for the Trial of any Issue in any of the Courts hereinbefore mentioned, who shall not be qualified according to this Act, the Want of such Qualification shall be good Cause of Challenge, and he shall be discharged upon such Challenge, if the Court shall be satisfied of the Fact; and that if any Man returned as a Juror for the Trial of any such Issue shall be qualified in other respects according to this Act, the Want of Freehold shall not on such Trial in any Case, Civil or Criminal, be accepted as good Cause of Challenge, either by the Crown or by the Party, nor as Cause for discharging the Man so returned upon his own Application; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend in any wise to any Special Juror.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Challenge shall be taken to any Panel of Jurors for Want of a Knight's being returned in such Panel, nor any Array quashed by reason of any such Challenge; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Inquests to be taken before any of the Courts hereinbefore mentioned, wherein the King is a Party, howsoever it be, notwithstanding it be alleged by them that sue for the King, that the Jurors of those Inquests, or some of them, be not indifferent for the King, yet such Inquests shall not remain untaken for that Cause; but if they that sue for the King will challenge any of those Jurors, they shall assign of their Challenge a Cause certain, and the Truth of the same Challenge shall be inquired of according to the Custom of the Court; and it shall be proceeded to the taking of the same Inquisitions, as it shall be found, if the Challenges be true or not, after the Discretion of the Court; and that no Person arraigned for Murder or Felony shall be admitted to any peremptory Challenge above the Number of Twenty.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That it is and shall be lawful for His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster respectively, and for the Judges of the said Courts of the Three Counties Palatine, and of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, upon Motion made on behalf of the King, or upon the Motion of any Prosecutor, Relator, Plaintiff or Demandant, or of any Defendant or Tenant, in any Case whatsoever, whether Civil or Criminal, or on any Penal Statute, excepting only Indictments for Treason or Felony, depending in any of the said Courts, and the said Courts and Judges respectively are hereby authorized, in any of the Cases before mentioned, to order and appoint a Special Jury to be struck before the proper Officer of each respective Court, for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of the said Cases, and triable by a Jury, in such Manner as the said Courts respectively have usually ordered the same; and every Jury so struck shall be the Jury returned for the Trial of such Issue.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Man who shall be described in the Jurors' Book for any County in England or Wales, or for the County of the City of London, as an Esquire or Person of higher Degree, or as a Banker or Merchant, shall

R 3 be

Want of Qualification Cause of Challenge.

(See & 5 W.

& M. c. 24.

§ 1^0

Not in Special Jurors.

In what cases Challenges not adtnitted.

(See 24 G.2, c.IS. §4.)

The King shall only challenge for Cause.

33 Ed. 1. stat.4.

Number of Challenges for Prisoner in Felony.

(See 22 H.8. c. 14. 1&2P. &M. c. 10.)

Court to have the Power of ordering Special Juries to be struck.

(See 3 G.2. c. 25. § 15. and 6 G.2. c. 37. as to Counties Palatine; and 13 G.3- c. 51. as to Wales.)

What Persons considered as qualified and liable to serve as Special Ju-

2i6

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

rors in English and Welsh Counties, and in London. How Sheriffs to proceed thereon.

Officer of Court to appoint Time and Place for nominating Special Jury.

Undersheriff or his Agent to attend Officer with Special Jurors' List, &c.

How Officer to proceed thereon.

be qualified and liable to serve on Special Juries in every such County in England and Wales, and in London respectively; and the Sheriff of every County in England and Wales, or his Undersheriff, and the Sheriffs of London or their Secondary, shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of the Jurors' Book for the current Year to either of them, take from such Book the Names of all Men who shall be described therein as Esquires or Persons of higher Degree, or as Bankers or Merchants, and shall respectively cause the Names of all such Men to be fairly and truly copied out in Alphabetical Order, together with their respective Places of Abode and Additions, in a separate List to be subjoined to the Jurors'Book, which List shall be called "The Special Jurors' List," and shall prefix to every Name in such List its proper Number, beginning the Numbers from the first Name, and continuing them in a regular Arithmetical Series down to the last Name, and shall cause the said several Numbers to be written upon distinct Pieces of Parchment or Card, being all as nearly as may be of equal Size, and after all the said Numbers shall have been so written, shall put the same together in a separate Drawer or Box, and shall there safely keep the same to be used for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the Courts or Judges above mentioned shall order a special Jury to be struck before the proper Officer of such Court, such Officer shall appoint a Time and Place for the Nomination of such Special Jury; and a Copy of the Rule of Court, and of such Officer's Appointment, shall be served on the Undersheriff of the County in England or Wales in which the Trial is to be had, or on the Secondary of the City of London, if the Trial is to be had there, and also on all the Parties who have usually been served with the same respectively, in the accustomed Manner; and the said Officer, at the Time and Place appointed, being attended by such Undersheriff or Secondary, or his Agent, who are hereby respectively required to bring with them the Jurors' Book and such Special Jurors' List, and all the Numbers so written on distinct Pieces of Parchment or Card as aforesaid, shall, in the Presence of all the Parties in any of the Cases aforesaid, and of their Attornies (if they respectively choose to attend, or if the said Parties or their Attornies, all or any of them, do not attend, then in their Absence), put all the said Numbers into a Box, to be by him provided for that Purpose, and after having shaken them together shall draw out of the said Box Forty eight of the said Numbers, one after another, and shall, as each Number is drawn, refer to the corresponding Number in the Special Jurors' List, and read aloud the Name designated by such Number; and if at the Time of so reading any Name, either Party or In's Attorney shall object that the Man whose Name shall have been so referred to is in any Manner incapacitated from serving on the said Jury, and shall also then and there prove the same to the Satisfaction of the said Officer, such Name shall be set aside, and the said Officer shall instead thereof draw out of the said Box another Number, and shall in like Manner refer to the corresponding Number in the said List, and read aloud the Name designated thereby, which Name may be in like Manner set aside,

and

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

247

and other Numbers and Names shall in every such Case be resorted to, according to the Mode of Proceeding hereinbefore described, for the Purpose of supplying Names in the Places of those set aside, until the whole Number of Forty eight Names not liable to be set aside shall be completed; and if in any Case it shall so happen that the whole Number of Forty eight Names cannot be obtained from the Special Jurors' List, in such Case the said Officer shall fairly and indifferently take, according to the Mode of Nomination heretofore pursued in nominating Special Juries, such a Number of Names from the General Jurors' Book, in addition to those already taken from the Special Jurors' List, as shall be required to make up the full Number of Forty eight Names, all and every of which Forty eight Names shall in such Case be equally deemed and taken to be those of Special Jurors; and the said Officer shall afterwards make out for each Party a List of the Forty eight Names, together with their respective Places of Abode and Additions, and after having made out such List, shall return all the Numbers so drawn out, together with all the Numbers remaining undrawn, to such Undersheriff or Secondary or his Agent, to be by such Undersheriff or Secondary safely and securely kept for future Use; and all the subsequent Proceedings for reducing the said List, and all other Matters whatsoever relating to Special Juries, shall remain and continue in force as heretofore, except where the same or any Part thereof is expressly altered by this Act; and all the Fees heretofore payable on the striking of Special Juries shall continue to be paid in the accustomed Manner.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Parties in any Cause, or their Attornies, from consenting to have a Special Jury nominated according to the Mode used and accustomed before the passing of this Act, and upon a Consent to that Effect, signed by each Party or his Attorney, being communicated to the proper Officer, he is hereby authorized and required to nominate a Special Jury for the Trial of every such Cause, according to the Mode used and accustomed before the passing of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the same Special Jury, however nominated, from trying any Number of Causes, so as the Parties in every such Cause, or their Attornies, shall have signified their Assent in Writing to the Nomination of such Special Jury for the Trial of their respective Causes: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court, if it shall so think fit, upon the Application of any Man who shall have served upon One or more Special Juries at any Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius, to discharge such Man from serving upon any other Special Jury during the same Assizes or Sessions of Nisi Prius.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Party who shall apply for a Special Jury shall pay the Fees for striking such Jury, and all the Expences occasioned by the Trial of the Cause, by the same, and shall not have any further or other Allowance for the same, upon Taxation of Costs, than such Person or Party would be entitled unto in case the Cause had been tried by a common Jury; unless the Judge before whom the

It 4

Cause

Former Matters, except as hereby altered, and Fees, to remain.

The Parties may, by Consent, have Special Jury struck as heretofore.

The same Special Jury may, by Consent, try any Number of Causes.

Court may discharge Special Juror having served once.

Costs of Special Jury. (See 24 0.2. c. 13.)

Judges' Certu ftcate.

n

3 Vfo 3S

A.D. 1825.

248

S'Jt.vtZLc.

Fees to Special Jurors. (See 24 G. 2. c. 18.)

Mode of striking Special Juries in any County of a City or Town (except London) to remain] as heretofore. (See 3 G.2. C. 25. § 17.)

Proceedings in respect of Tales de Circumstan-tibusJ

(See 34 & 35 H.8. c. 26.

§ 103. as to Wales,

35 H.8. c. 6. 4&5P.&M. «.7.

5 Eliz. c. 25.

14 Eliz. c. 9.

7 & 8 W.3.

C. 32.)

Jurors making Default.

c. SO. 6° GEO. iyv/

Cause is tried shall, immediately after the Verdict, certify, under his Hand, upon the Back of the Record, that the same was a Cause proper to be tried by a Special Jury.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Juror who shall serve upon any Special Jury shall be allowed or take for serving on any such Jury more than such Sum of Money as the Judge who tries the Issue shall think just and reasonable, and which shall not exceed the Sum of One Pound One Shilling, except in Causes wherein a View is directed, and shall have been had by such Juror.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Special Jury shall be ordered by any Rule, in any of the Courts aforesaid, to be struck by the proper Officer of such Court, in any Cause arising in any County of a City or Town, except the City of London, the Sheriff or Sheriffs thereof, or the Undersheriff respectively, shall be commanded by such Rule to bring or cause to be brought, before the proper Officer of such Court, the Books or Lists of Persons qualified to serve on Juries within the same County of a City or Town; and in every such Case the Jury shall be taken and struck out of such Books or Lists respectively, in the Manner heretofore used and accustomed; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where a full Jury shall not appear before any Court of Assize or Nisi Prius, or before any of the Superior Civil Courts of the Three Counties Palatine, or before any Court of Great Sessions, or where, after Appearance of a full Jury, by Challenge of any of tire Parties, the Jury is likely to remain untaken for Default of Jurors, every such Court, upon Request made for the King by any one thereto authorised or assigned by the Court, or on Request made by the Parties, Plaintiff or Demandant, Defendant or Tenant, or their respective Attornies, in any Action or Suit, whether popular or private, shall command the Sheriff or other Minister, to whom the making of the Return shall belong, to name and appoint, as often as need shall require, so many of such other able Men of the County then present as shall make up a full Jury; and the Sheriff or other Minister aforesaid shall, at such Command of the Court, return such Men duly qualified as shall be present or can be found to serve on such Jury, and shall add and annex their Names to the former Panel, provided that where a Special Jury shall have been struck for the Trial of any Issue, the Talesmen shall be such as shall be impannelled upon the common Jury Panel to serve at the same Court, if a sufficient Number of such Men can be found; and the King, by any one so authorized or assigned as aforesaid, and all and every the Parties aforesaid, shall and may, in each of the Cases aforesaid, have their respective Challenges to the Jurors so added and annexed, and the Court shall proceed to the Trial of every such Issue with those Jurors who were before impannelled, together with the Talesmen so newly added and annexed, as if all the said Jurors had been returned upon the Writ or Precept awarded to try the Issue.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Man having been duly summoned to attend on any Kind of Jury in any of the

Courts

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

24

Courts in England or Wales hereinbefore mentioned, shall not (See7&8\V.5. attend in pursuance of such Summons, or being Thrice called shall 313*?* not answer to his Name, or if any such Man or any Talesman, after having been called, shall be present but not appear, or after his Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself from the Presence of the Court, the Court shall set such Fine upon every such Man or Talesman so making Default (unless some reasonable Excuse shall be proved by Oath or Affidavit) as the Court shall think meet: Provided always, that where any Viewer, having|been duly summoned to attend on any Jury, shall make Default as aforesaid, the Court is hereby authorized and required to set upon such Viewer (unless some reasonable Excuse shall be proved as aforesaid) a Fine to the Amount of Ten Pounds at the least, and as -Fme* much more as the Court, under the Circumstances of the particular Case, shall think proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff and Sheriff indemother Minister, to whom the Return of Juries shall belong, shall in re- be and is hereby indemnified for impannelling and returning any (See7 & 8 W.3 Man named in the Jurors' Book, although he may not be qualified C.S2. § 6.) or liable to serve on Juries; and that if any Sheriff or other such Officers unduly Minister shall wilfully impannel and return any Man to serve on returning any Jury before any of the Courts in England or Wales hereinbefore jfurors, &c. mentioned (except on the Grand Jury at any Assizes or Great £ 3- 3*y

Sessions), such Man's Name not being inserted in the Jurors' Book for the current Year, or if such Book has not been delivered, then in the Jurors' Book last delivered, or if any Clerk of Assize,

Associate, Prothonotary, Clerk of the Peace or other Officer of any

of the Courts aforesaid, shall wilfully record the Appearance of

any Man so summoned and returned, who did not really appear,

in every such Case the Court shall and may, upon Examination

in a summary Way, set such Fine upon such Sheriff, Minister, Clerk Penalty.

of Assize, Associate, Prothonotary, Clerk of the Peace or other

Officer offending, as the Court shall think meet.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or his Under- Sheriff, &c. sheriff, shall from time to time register alphabetically, in proper to regist<y -Columns, to be prepared in the Jurors'Book for that Purpose, the Services of such Men as shall be summoned and shall attend have served-to serve as Jurors on Trials, before any Court of Assize or Nisi (See 3 G 2. Prius, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or in the said Courts c. 25. §5.) of the said Counties Palatine or Great Sessions, and also the Times a.ncl &lve ^er* of their Services; and every Man so summoned, and having duly tl cates* attended or served until discharged by the Court shall (upon Application by him made to such Sheriff or Undersheriff, before he shall depart from the Place of Trial,) receive a Certificate testifying such his Service, which Certificate the Sheriff or Undersheriff is hereby required to give on Payment of One Shilling: Provided Fee. always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Grand Jurors or Special Jurors.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of Peace at every Sessions of the Peace to be holden for any County, Lis? oflser* Riding or Division in England or Wales, shall make out a List of vi^Sat Ses-such Men as shall be summoned and shall attend to serve on any sions on Grand Grand Jury or Petty Jury at such Sessions, together with their or Petty Juries* respective Places of Abode and Additions, and the Date of their an(1 transmit

Services, to Slier, ft-

250

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Certificate of Service.

Fee.

Jurors not to be summoned again within certain Periods to Assizes. (§ee 3 G.2. c. 25. § 4.

4 G. 2. c. 7.)

Nor to Quarter Sessions.

Officer offending-

Penalty.

Proviso.

No Money taken to excuse Persons from serving.

(Sec 3 G.2. c. 25. § 6.) None to be summoned but those named in Warrant.

Officer offending.

Services, and shall within Twenty Days after the Close of every such Sessions, transmit such List to the Sheriff or Undersheriff of the County, who is hereby required forthwith to register the Names of the Men included in such List in the proper Columns of the Jurors' Book for that Purpose, together with the Date of their Services; and every Man so summoned, and having duly attended or served until discharged by the Court of Sessions, shall, upon Application by him made to such Clerk of the Peace, before he shall depart from the Place where the Sessions are holden, receive a Certificate, testifying such his Service, which Certificate the said Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give, on Payment of One Shilling.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be returned as a Juror to serve at any Session of Nisi Prius or of Gaol Delivery, in the County of Middlesex, who has served as a Juror at either of such Sessions in the said County, in either of the Two Terms or Vacations next immediately preceding, and has the Sheriff's Certificate of having so served; and no Man shall be returned as a Juror to serve on Trials before any Court of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any of the said Courts of the Three Counties Palatine, or the said Great Sessions, who has served as a Juror at any of such Courts within One Year before, in Wales, or in the Counties of Hereford, Cambridge, Huntingdon or Rutland, or Four Years before in the County of York, or Two Years before in any other County, and has the Sheriff's Certificate of having so served; and no Man shall be returned to serve upon any Grand Jury or Petty Jury, at any Sessions of the Peace to be holden for any County, Riding or Division in England or Wales, who has served as a Juror at any such Session within One Year before, in Wales, or in the Counties of Hereford, Cambridge, Huntingdon ox Rutland, or Two Years before in any other County, and has the Certificate of the Clerk of the Peace of having so served; and if any Sheriff or other Minister shall wilfully transgress in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Court may and is hereby required, on Examination and Proof of every such Offence, in a summary Way, to set such Fine upon every such Offender as the Court shall think meet: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Grand Jurors at the Assizes or Great Sessions, or to Special Jurors.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner, Elisor, Bailiff or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall, directly or indirectly, take or receive any Money or other Reward, or Promise of Money or Reward, to excuse any Man from serving or from being summoned to serve on Juries, or under any such Colour or Pretence; and that no Bailiff' or other Officer appointed by any Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or Elisor, to summon Juries, shall summon any Man to serve thereon, other than those whose Names are specified in a Warrant or Mandate, signed by such Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or Elisor, and directed to such Bailiff or other Officer; and if any Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner, Elisor, Bailiff' or other Officer, shall wilfully transgress in any of the Cases aforesaid, or shall summon any Juror, not being a Special Juror, less than Ten Days before the Day on which he is to attend, or shall summon any Special Juror less than Three Days before

the

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

251

the Day on which he is to attend, except in the Cases hereinbefore excepted, the Court of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, Great Sessions or Superior Court of the said Counties Palatine, or Court of Sessions of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall have been committed, may and is hereby required, on Examination and Proof of such Offence, in a summary Way, to set such a Fine upon every Person so offending, as the Court shall think meet, according to the Nature of the Offence.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable within the Meaning of this Act shall, for Fourteen Days after the Warrant of the Clerk of the Peace shall be served on him, or left at his usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to issue and deliver his Precept as hereinbefore directed, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of any Parish, or to the Overseers of any Township within his Constable wick; or shall in like Manner refuse or neglect to issue and deliver his Precept to the Churchwardens and Overseers of any Parish, or to the Overseers of any Township, where such Parish or Township extends into any other Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District besides his own, either in the same or a different County, (provided the principal Church of such Parish or Township shall be situate within his own Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake or other like District), or shall refuse or neglect in any of the foregoing Cases to annex to the respective Precepts such a Number of the Forms of Return as he shall bona fide deem sufficient, or to deliver such additional Number as may be demanded of him by any Churchwarden or Overseer as aforesaid (provided he has such additional Number in his Possession), or in case of his not so having them, shall refuse or neglect to apply forthwith to the Clerk of the Peace for such additional Number, and to deliver the same to the Party so demanding within Three Days after his Receipt thereof; or shall on due Notice refuse or neglect to attend at any such Petty Sessions, or such Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, or to receive any List or Lists there tendered by the Justices present, or to deliver the same to the Quarter Sessions next holden for the County, Riding or Division, at the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or shall make any Alteration in any such List after his Receipt thereof; every such High Constable offending in any of the foregoing Cases, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of any Parish, or any Overseer of any Township within the Meaning of this Act, shall refuse or neglect (unless prevented by Sickness) to assist in making out any List required by this Act, so that the same shall not be made out at the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore directed; or shall wilfully omit out of such List any Man whose Name ought to be inserted therein, or shall wilfully insert therein the Name of any Man who ought to be omitted, or shall take any Money or other Reward for omitting or inserting any Man whatsoever, or shall wilfully insert therein a wrong Description of the Name, Place of Abode, Title, Quality, Calling, Business or the Nature of the Qualification of any Man; or shall

refuse

Penalty.

High Constables neglecting to issue Precepts and otherwise offending.

Penalty.

Penalties on Churchwardens and Overseers neglecting to make out Lists, and otherwisej offending.

252

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

How Justices to act thereon.

Clerks of Peace and Sheriffs neglecting their Duty as herein mentioned.

refuse or neglect, in case the Number of Forms of Return delivered by the High Constable shall be insufficient, to apply to the High Constable for a sufficient Number, so that the List may be made out at the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore directed; or shall refuse or neglect to fix a Copy of such List duly signed, or to subjoin thereto such Notice as hereinbefore required, on the principal Door of any Church, Chapel, or other public Place of religious Worship within their respective Parishes or Townships, on any of the Sundays on which the same ought, to be so fixed; or shall refuse to allow any Inhabitant of their respective Parishes or Townships to inspect such List, or a true Copy thereof, gratis, at any reasonable Time during the Three Weeks hereinbefore mentioned; or shall, on due Notice, refuse or neglect to produce such List at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, or to answer on Oath such Questions touching the same as shall there be put, or to attend at such Petty Sessions, or any such Adjournment thereof as aforesaid; or shall refuse to allow the said Petty Sessions, or any Justice of the Peace, upon due Request, to inspect or make any Extracts from the Poor Rate of any Parish or Township within their respective Divisions, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, such Rate being in the Custody of the Party so refusing; every such Churchwarden or Overseer offending in any of the foregoing Cases shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted; and the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted of any such Offence of wrongful Insertion or Omission, shall forthwith, in Writing under his Hand, certify the same to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division in which the Man or Men so wrongfully omitted or inserted shall reside, and the said Clerk of the Peace shall cause the List in which such wrongful Insertion or Omission shall have occurred to be corrected according to such Certificate, and shall also give Notice thereof to the Sheriff or Undersheriff, who shall correct the Jurors' Book accordingly.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or neglect to cause a sufficient Number, either of Warrants, Precepts or Forms of Return, to be printed in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or shall refuse or neglect to issue and deliver to any High Constable within the Meaning of this Act, the Warrant and Precepts as hereinbefore directed, or to annex to the same such a Number of the Forms of Return as he shall bona fide deem sufficient, or to deliver to any Pligh Constable such Additional Number thereof as he may apply for within Three Days after such Application; or shall refuse or neglect to provide or prepare a Jurors' Book within the Time or in the Manner and Form hereinbefore prescribed, or to deliver the same to the Sheriff or Undersheriff of the County within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, or to give Notice to the Sheriff or Undersheriff of any wrongful Insertion or Omission, certified to him by any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or to deliver to any Man who shall have been summoned and have duly attended or served as a Grand Juror, or Petty Juror, at the Sessions of the Peace, a Certificate of such Man's Service, on his Application and Payment as aforesaid, or to transmit to the Sheriff' or Undersheriff a List of

6° GEO. IV. C. 50. 253

the Men who shall have been so summoned and have so attended or served within the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore directed; or if any Clerk of any such Petty Sessions, to be holden as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give due Notice thereof to any High Constable, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers of any Parish, or to the Overseers of any Township within such Division; or if any Sheriff or Undersheriff of a County, shall make or cause to be made any Alteration whatsoever in the List of Jurors contained in the Jurors' Book, except in consequence of the Conviction of the Churchwarden or Overseer hereinbefore provided for; or if any Sheriff or Undersheriff of a County, or any Sheriff or Secondary of London, shall neglect or refuse to provide or prepare a List of Special Jurors in the Manner and within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, or shall wilfully write or cause to be written therein the Name of any Person not qualified, or shall wilfully omit thereout the Name of any Person duly qualified as a Special Juror, or shall neglect or refuse to write or cause to be written the several Numbers contained in such List upon distinct Pieces of Parchment or Card, in the Manner and within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, or shall subtract or destroy, or by any Default or Neglect lose any of the said Pieces of Parchment or Card, or shall neglect or refuse, upon Discovery of such Loss, to supply the same within Five Days; or if any Sheriff or Undersheriff of a County shall refuse or neglect to prepare, or keep for Inspection as aforesaid, a Copy of the Panel in the Cases hereinbefore provided for, or to register the Service of any Juror, as hereinbefore directed, or to deliver to an}/- Man who shall have been summoned, and have duly attended or served as a Juror at any Court of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or in any of the said Courts of the Three Counties Palatine or Great Sessions, a Certificate of such Man's Service, on his Application and Payment as aforesaid; or shall refuse or neglect, within Ten Days after the next succeeding Sheriff shall be sworn into or have entered upon Office, to deliver over to him, as well all the Jurors' Books and Lists that shall be made or prepared in the Year of his Sheriffalty, as also all such other like Books and Lists as were prepared in the Sheriffalty of any of his Predecessors, within Four Years then next preceding, and which were delivered over to him by any of his Predecessors; every such Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the Petty Sessions, Sheriff or Undersheriff, Sheriff of London, or Secondary, offending in any of the said Cases, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, with full Costs, to such Person as shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Alien indicted or impeached of any Felony or Misdemeanor, of the Right of being tried by a Jury de mcdietate linguce, but that on the Prayer of every Alien so indicted or impeached, the Sheriff or other proper Minister shall, by Command

of

Penalty.

Proviso for Juries de rae-dietate linguae. (See 27 Ed.3. st. 2. c. 8.

28 Ed.3. c. 13. 8 II.6. c. 29.)

254?

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Justices not to be summoned.

Inhabitants of Westminster. (7 & 8 W.3. c. 32. § 9.)

Qualification of Jurors in Liberties, Cities and Boroughs, to remain as before.

Qualification in London. (See 0 G.2. c. 25. § 19.)

(3 G.2. c. 25.

§ 20.)

What Persons are to be returned to serve for Capital Offences.

Courts of Nisi Prius, Sec. in London may fine Jurors.

of the Court, return for One Half of the Jury a competent Number of Aliens, if so many there be in the Town or Place where the Trial is had, and if not, then so many Aliens as shall be found in the same Town or Place, if any; and that no such Alien Juror shall be liable to be challenged for want of Freehold or of any other Qualification required by this Act; but every such Alien may be challenged for any other Cause, in like Manner as if he were qualified by this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace shall be summoned or impannelled as a Juror to serve at any Sessions of the Peace for the Jurisdiction of which he is a Justice.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster shall be and are hereby exempted from serving on any Jury at the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Middlesex.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Qualification hereinbefore required for Jurors, and the Regulations for procuring Lists of Persons liable to serve on Juries, shall not extend to the Jurors or Juries in any Liberties, Franchises, Cities, Boroughs or Towns Corporate not being Counties, orin any Cities, Boroughs or Towns being Counties of themselves, which shall respectively possess any Jurisdiction, civil or criminal; but that in all such Places, the Sheriffs, Bailiffs or other Ministers having the Return of Juries, shall prepare their Panels in the Manner heretofore accustomed: Provided always, that no Man shall be impannelled or returned by the Sheriffs of the City of London, as a Juror to try any Issue joined in His Majesty's Court of Record at Westminster, or to serve on any Jury at the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery or Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said City, who shall not be a Householder or the Occupier of a Shop, Warehouse, Counting House, Chambers or Office, for the Purpose of Trade or Commerce, within the said City, and have Lands, Tenements or Personal Estate of the Value of One hundred Pounds; and that the Lists of Men resident in each Ward of the City of London, who shall be so qualified as herein mentioned, shall be made out, with the proper Quality or Addition, and the Place of Abode of each Man, by the Parties who haveRere-tofore been used and accustomed in each Ward to make out the same respectively; and that such Shop, Warehouse, Counting House, Chambers or Office as aforesaid shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be respectively deemed and taken to be the Place of Abode of every Occupier thereof: Provided also, that no Man shall be impannelled or returned to serve on any Jury for the Trial of any capital Offence in any County, City or Place, who shall not be qualified to serve as a Juror in civil Causes within the same County, City or Place; and the same Matter and Cause being alleged by way of Challenge, and so found, shall be admitted and taken as a principal Challenge; and the Person so challenged shall and may be examined, on Oath, of the Truth of the said Matter.

LI. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Court of Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery and Sessions of the Peace held for the City of London, shall and may fine any Man duly summoned to attend upon any Kind of Jury in any of such

9 Courts

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

255

Courts respectively, and making Default, or any Talesman or Viewer making Default, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as such respective Courts in England and Wales hereinbefore mentioned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be liable to be summoned or impannelled to serve as a Juror in any County in England or Wales, or in London, upon any Inquest or Inquiry to be taken or made by or before any Sheriff or Coroner, by virtue of any Writ of Inquiry, or by or before any Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or the Seals of the Courts of the said Counties Palatine, or the Seals of the Courts of Great Session of Wales, who shall not be duly qualified according to this Act to serve as a Juror upon Trials at Nisi Prius in such County in England or Wales, or in London respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Inquest to be taken by or before any Coroner of a County by virtue of his Office, or to any Inquest or Inquiry to be taken or made by or before any Sheriff or Coroner of any Liberty, Franchise, City, Borough or Town Corporate not being Counties, or of any City, Borough or Town being respectively Counties of themselves, but that the Coroners in all Counties, when acting otherwise than under a Writ of Inquiry, and the Sheriffs and Coroners in all such Places as are herein mentioned, shall and may respectively take and make all Inquests and Inquiries by Jurors of the same Description, as they have been used and accustomed to do before the passing of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Man having been duly summoned and returned to serve as a Juror in any County in England or Wales, or in London, upon any Inquest or Inquiry before any Sheriff or Coroner, or before any of the Commissioners aforesaid (a), shall not, after being openly called Three Times, appear and serve as such Juror, every such Sheriff, or in his Absence the Undersheriff or Secondary, and such Coroner and Commissioners respectively, are hereby authorized and required (unless some reasonable Excuse shall be proved on Oath or Affidavit), to impose such Fine upon every Man so making Default as they shall respectively think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Sheriff, Undersheriff, Secondary, Coroner and Commissioners respectively, shall make out and sign a Certificate, containing the Christian and Surname, the Residence and Trade or calling of every Man so making Default, together with the Amount of the Fine imposed, and the Cause of such Fine, and shall transmit such Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division in which every such Defaulter shall reside, on or before the First Day of the Quarter Sessions next ensuing; and every such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to copy the Fines so certified on the Roll on which all Fines and Forfeitures imposed at such Quarter Sessions shall be copied; and the same shall be estreated, levied and applied in like Manner, and subject to the like Powers, Provisions and Penalties, in all respects, as if they had been Part of the Fines imposed at such Quarter Sessions. (a) [Sec Sect, 52. ante.']

Qualification of Jurors on Inquests, &c. j

Proviso for certain Inquests herein mentioned.

Sheriffs, Coroners and Commissioners, appointed as mentioned in Sect. 52. ante, may fine Jurors, for Non-attendance.

Certificate

thereof.

(See 3 G.4. c. 46.)

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Persons summoned to serve on Juries in in-r Xerior Courts not attending. (See 29 G.2. c. 19.)

Penalty.

Fine leviable by Distress and Sale.

Fine to be paid to proper Officer.

How disposed of.

Flow Fines and Penalties recovered and applied.

If no Distress, Proceedings.

LIV. And be it farther enacted, That every Man duly summoned and returned to serve upon any Jury for the Trial of any Cause or Criminal Prosecution, to be tried in any Court of Record holden within the said City of London, other than the Courts hereinbefore respectively mentioned, or in any other Liberty, Franchise, City, Borough or Town, who shall not appear and serve on such Jury (after being openly called Three Times, and on Proof being made on Oath of the Man so making Default having been duly summoned), shall forfeit and pay for every such his Default, such Fine, not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, as the Court shall deem reasonable to impose, unless some just Cause for such Defaulters Absence shall be made appear by Oath or Affidavit, to the Satisfaction of the Court; and that if any Person on whom such Fine shall be imposed shall refuse to pay the same to the Person who shall be authorized by the Court to receive the same, it shall be lawful for such Court then, or at its next Sitting, and the same is hereby authorized and required, by Order of the Court, signed by the proper Officer thereof, to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person on whom such Fine shall have been imposed; and the overplus Money, if any, which shall remain after Payment of such Fine, and deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and that every Fine which shall be so imposed shall, when received or levied, be paid by the Person who shall receive or levy the same to the proper Officer of the Liberty, Franchise, City, Borough or Town in which the Court was holden wherein such Fine wras imposed, to be applied to such Uses as Issues set on Jurors, or other Fines set in Courts holden within such Liberty, Franchise, City, Borough or Town are by Charter, Prescription or Usage applicable.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines to be imposed under this Act by any of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any of the Superior Courts, civil or criminal, or the Three Counties Palatine, or by any Court of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or by any Court of Sessions of the Peace in Englandr, or by any Court of Great Sessions or Sessions of the Peace in Wales, shall be levied and applied in the same Manner as any other Fines imposed by the same Court; and that all other Penalties hereby created (for which no other Remedy is given) shall, on Conviction of the Offender before any one Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, be levied, unless such Penalty be forthwith paid, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized to hear and examine Witnesses on Oath or Affirmation on an}>- Complaint, and to determine the same, and to mitigate the Penalty, if he shall see fit, to the Extent of one Moiety thereof; and all Penalties, the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed, shall be paid to the Complainant; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall be committed by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for

6° GEO. IV. C. 50. 257

such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as such Justice shall think proper, unless such Penalty be sooner paid.

LVI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

1 J^E it remembered, that on in the

6 Year of our Lord at

4 A.B. is convicted before me,

4 C. D., One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of, for that he the said A.B.

did [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place where the same was committed, as the Case shall be-\y and the said A.B. is for his said Offence adjudged by me the said Justice to forfeit and pay the Sum of Given under

4 my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned. '

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Conviction shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where an}r Distress shall be made for any Penalty to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by him; but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case, first giving Notice in Writing of the Cause of Action to the opposite Party One Calendar Month before the Commencement of such Action; but no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Party distraining *

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her Action after Issue joined, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action, and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

6 Geo. IV. S LIX. And

Form of Conviction of Offenders against Act.

Conviction not quashed for Want of Form. No Certiorari.

Damages to Persons aggrieved.

Tender of Amends.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

258

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Venue laid in County where Fact committed.

Limitation of Action.

Writs of Attaint abolished.

How Embracers and corrupt Jurors punishable.

[Commencement of Act.]

Repeal of 43 II.3.

52 H.8. c. 14. c. 24.

12Ed.l.

13 Ed. 1. c. 30. c, 38. in part.

21 Ed. 1. st. 1.

wholly.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and that Notice in Writing of such Cause of Action shall be given to the Defendant or Defendants, One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action.

LX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful either for the King, or any One on His Behalf, or for any Party or Parties, in any Case whatsoever, to commence or prosecute any Writ of Attaint against any Jury or Jurors, for the Verdict by them given, or against the Party or Parties who shall have Judgment upon such Verdict; and that no Inquest shall be taken to inquire of the Concealments of other Inquests; but that all such Attaints and Inquests shall henceforth cease, become void and be utterly abolished; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That notwithstanding any Thing herein contained, every Person who shall be guilty of the Offence of Embracery, and every Juror who shall wilfully or corruptly consent thereto, shall and may be respectively proceeded against by Indictment or Information, and be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, in like Manner as every such Person and Juror might have been before the passing of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That those Parts of this Act which relate to the issuing of Warrants and Precepts for the Return of Jury Lists, the Preparation, Production, Reformation and Allowance of those Lists, the holding of the Petty Sessions for those Purposes, the Formation of a Jurors' Book, and the Delivery thereof to the Sheriff, and the Preparation of a List of Special Jurors, and of Parchments or Cards, in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall commence and take effect so soon after the passing of this Act as the proper Periods for doing those Things shall occur; and that the rest of this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six: And that from and after the Commencement of the several Parts of this Act respectively, so much of the Provisions made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Third, as relates to Exemption from Assizes, Juries and Inquests; and so much of a Statute made in the Fifty second Year of the same Reign, as relates to the like Exemptions; and so much of the same Statute as provides that all, being Twelve Years of Age, ought to appear at Inquests for the Death of Man; and so much of the Statutes made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, intituled Statuta Wallies, as relates to Persons of Twelve Years of Age being summoned upon Coroners' Inquests; and so much of a Statute made at Westminster in the Thirteenth Year of the same Reign, as directs, that the Justices shall not put in Assizes or Juries any other than those that were summoned to the same at first; and so much of the same Statute as ordains how many and what Sort of Persons shall be returned on Juries and Petty Assizes; and a Statute made in the Twenty first Year of the

same

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

250

same Reign, intituled Statutum de illis qui debent poni in Juratis et Assizis; and-so much of a Statute made in the Twenty eighth Year of the same Reign, intituled Articidi super Cartas, as declares how Inquests and Juries are to be impannelled; and an Ordinance made in the Thirty third Year of the same Reign, commonly called An Ordinance for Inquests; and so much of a Statute made in the Thirty fourth Year of the same Reign, commonly called Ordinatio Forestce, as enjoins that none c*f the Ministers therein mentioned be put in Assizes, Juries or Inquests without the Forest; and so much of a Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, as relates to the Punishment of a corrupt Juror; and so much of a Statute made in the Twentieth Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Punishment of Embracers and corrupt Jurors; and so much of a Statute or Ordinance made in the Twenty seventh Year of the same Reign, commonly called The Ordinance of the Staples, as prescribes the Mode of Trial where One Party or both Parties are Aliens; and so much of a Statute made in the Twenty eighth Year of the same Reign, as directs how all Manner of Inquests and Proofs shall be taken between Aliens and Denizens; and so much of a Statute made in the Thirty fourth Year of the same Reign, as accords that Panels of Inquests shall be of the Neighbourhood; and so much thereof as directs the Proceedings against Jurors taking a Reward to give their Verdict; and so much thereof as relates to the Qualification of Jurors on Inquests of Escheat; and so much of a Statute made in the Thirty sixth Year of the same Reign, as relates to Jurors on Inquests of Escheat; and so much of the First Statute, made in the Thirty eighth Year of the same Reign, as ordains the Penalty on corrupt Jurors and Embracers; and so much of a Statute made in the Forty second Year of the same Reign, as directs that Panels in Assizes shall be arrayed Four Days before the Sessions, and what Sort of Jurors shall be put therein; and so much of a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, as relates to granting a Writ of Nisi Prius at the Suit of any Jurors; and so much of a Statute made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, as directs that Jurors in Indictments shall be returned by the Sheriffs or Bailiffs, without the Domination of any; and so much of the Second Statute, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, as relates to the Qualification of Jurors; and so much of a Statute made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Panels in Special Assizes; and so much of a Statute made in the Eighth Year of the same Reign, as relates to Inquests and Proofs taken between Aliens and Denizens; and so much of a Statute made in the Twenty third Year of the same Reign, as ordains that no Sheriff or Undersheriff shall return any of their Officers or Servants in any of the Cases therein mentioned; and so much of a Statute made in the Thirty third Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Qualification of Jurors taking Indictments, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and in other Counties; and so much of a Statute made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, as relates to Jurors in Middlesex; and an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King Richard


28 Ed. 1. st.3. c. 9. in part.

33 Ed. 1. stat.4. wholly.

34 Ed.l. st, 5. c. 3.

5 Ed. 3. c. 10. 20 Ed.3. c, 6.

27 Ed.3- st.2. c. 8.

28 Ed.3. c. 13.

34Ed.3. c. 4.

c. 8, c. 13.

36Ed.S. st.I. c. 13.

3S Ed.3. c. 12. 42 Ed.3. c.ll.

7 Ric. 2. c. 7.

11 H.4. c. 9.

2 H.5. st.2. c. 3. 6 H.6. c. 2.

8 H.G. c. 99.

23 H. 6. c.O.

33 H.6. c. 2. in part.

8 Ed.4. c. 3. in part.

1 Ric. 3. c. 4.

260

C. r, o.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

19 H.7. c. 13. III. 8. c.S. §4.

3 II.8. c. 2.

3 H.8. c. 12.

4 H.8. c.S.

5 H.8. c. 5.

5 II.8. c.G.

22 H.8. c. 14.

§ 6.

33H.8. c. 23.

§ 2.

84 & 35 II. S. c. 26. § 103. 107, 108.

35 H.8. c.G.

1 Ed.G. c. 12.

§ 11.

2 & 3 Ed.G. c. 32. in part.

4&5P.&M. c. 7.

5 Eliz. c. 25.

14 Eliz. c. 9.

27 Eliz. c.G.

c. 7.

the Third, intituled An Act for returning of sufficient Jurors; and an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled De Riotis Reprimendis; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act against Escheators and Commissioners for making false Returns of Offices and Commissions, as enacts what Qualification every Juror returned before Escheators or Commissioners of the Crown shall have within the same Shire where the Inquiry shall be made; and so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the same Reign, to perpetuate the last mentioned Act, as perpetuates that Part thereof which is herein referred to; and an Act passed in the same Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act against Sheriffs for Abuses; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the same Reign, intituled Pour le Juris infra Civitatem London; and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act concerning Juries in London, as relates to Jurors impannelled for the Trial of Issues joined in any of the Courts at Westminster, and triable in the City of London; and so much of an Act passed in the same Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act that Surgeons be discharged of Const able ship, and other Things, as relates to Juries; and so much of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act concerning Abjurations into Sanctuaries, as relates to peremptory Challenges in Murder and Felony; and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to proceed by a Commission of Oyer and Determiner against such Persons as shall confess Treasons, without remanding the same to be tried in the same Shire where the Offence was committed, as relates to Challenges for Want of Freehold; and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for certain Ordinances in the Kings Majesty's Dominions and Principality of Wales, as relates to Tales, and to the Qualifications of Jurors in the Cases therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act concerning the Appearance of Jurors in the Nisi Prius; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the Repeal of certain Statutes concerning Treasons and Felonies, as relates to Challenges for the Hundred; and so much of an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the Continuance of certain Statutes, as relates to the said Act of the Thirty fifth Year of King Henry the .* Eighth; and an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act to make up the Jury de circumstantibus, where the King and Queens Majesty is a Party: and an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act to fill up Juries de circumstantibus lacking in Wales; and an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act declaring that the Tenant and Defendant may have a Tales de circumstantibus, as well as the Demandant or Plaintiff; and Two Acts passed in the Twrenty seventh Year of the same Reign, the one intituled An Act for the Returning of sufficient Jurors, and for the better Expedition of Trials. and the other intituled An Act for the levying of

Issues

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

Issues lost by Jurors; and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the reviving, Continuance, Explanation, perfecting and repealing of divers Statutes, as relates to the said last mentioned Act; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, as declares that Jurors which pass upon Men in Trials for High Treason ought to be Freeholders; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for reviving, continuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned which are expired and near expiring, as relates to Jurors; and so much of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries, as relates to Juries; and an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries; and so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors, and for reviving and making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants, as continues the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third; and also so much thereof as relates to the Qualification of Jurors in the County of York; and so much of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for making perpeiual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes, and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands of Coparcenary, Joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common, and also for making more effectual, and amending several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors, as relates to Jurors; and so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice, as relates to Writs of Venire Facias, and to Jurors having the View; and so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as relates to giving a List of the Jury to the Party indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; and so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for the preventing Mischiefs which may happen by Fire, for building and repairing County Gaols, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries, and relating to the returning of Jurors, as relates to Juries and Jurors; and so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing some Laics, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamen s Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores and Stores of War, and concerning the Militia and Trophy Money, and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stiffs to be exported, as relates to Jurors and Juries; and

S 3 an

261

39Eliz. c.I8. §32.

1 W. & M. st. 2* c. 2. § I.

4 & 5 W. & M. c. 24. § 15 to

22.

G&7 W. & M. c. 4. in part.

7&SW.&M.

c. 32.

1 Anne, st.2. c. 13. § 2 & 3.

3 & Anne, c.IS. §3 to 6.

4&5 Anne, c. 16. §6, 7, 9.

7 Anne, c-21.

§11.

10 Anne, c. 14.

§ 3 to 6.

9 G.l. c. 8.

§ 1.&2.

262

3.G.2. c. 25.

4G.2. c. 7.

6 G.2. c. 37.

§ 1, 2.

24 G. 2. c. 18. § 1 to 4.

290.2. c. 19.

13 G.3. c. 51.

§6, 7 & 8.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 46.

5 G.4. c. 106. § 29.

Proviso for 7 & 8 W.3. c. 34.

22 G.2. c. 30.

C. 50, 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries; and an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled 6 An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, ' so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex; and so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for -making perpetual the several Acts therein men-turned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for empowering the Justices of Sessions or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, to appoint a Special Jury in Manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, (except a Clause therein contained); and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; and for continuing an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the same Purpose, as makes the said Acts of the Third and Fourth Years of the same Reign perpetual, and as relates to Special Juries; and so much of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for better Regulation of Trials by Jury, and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex, as relates to Special Juries and Writs of Venire Facias and Challenges of the Array; and an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act to empower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises, to set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend; and so much of an Act passed in. the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominions of Wales, and for further regulatiyig the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, as relates to Special Juries; and an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Attendance of Jurors at the Assizes, in certain Cases; and so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge and extend the Powers of the Judges of the several Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and to amend the Laws relating to the same, as relates to the Qualification of Jurors; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

LXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect or alter any Part of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; nor any Part of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

263

encouraging the People knoxvn by the Name Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, to settle in His Majesty's Colonies in America.

LXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, abridge or affect any Power or Authority which any Court or Judge now hath, or any Practice or Form in regard to Trials by Jury, Jury Process, Juries or Jurors, except in those Cases only where any such Power or Authority, Practice or Form, is repealed or altered by this Act, or is or shall be inconsistent with any of the Provisions thereof, nor to abridge or affect any Privilege of Parliament.

SCHEDULE.

Warrant for returning Lists of Jurors.

County of) TO the High Constable [or, To

to wit. / one of the High Constables] of the Hundred [Lathe, Wapentake or other like District-\ of within the County aforesaid.

THESE are to require you, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt hereof, to issue and deliver (in the Form hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be,) your Precepts to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, and to the Overseers of the Poor of the several Townships within your Constablewick, requiring them to make out and return true Lists of Jurors, and you are at the same Time to annex to each Precept a sufficient Number of the Forms of Returns left herewith, and if you find that the Number now left with you is not sufficient for all the Places in your Constablewick, you are to apply to me for more; and you are further required to attend at a Petty Sessions, in the last Week of September next (of which you shall have due Notice), and such Lists as you shall there receive you are to deliver to the next Court of Quarter Sessions for this County [Riding or Division], on the First Day of its sitting, and at the same Time to make Oath of your Receipt of such Lists, and that no Alteration has been made therein since your Receipt of them.

If there is any Parish within your Constablewick that has no Overseers of the Poor except the Churchwardens, you are in such Case to treat them as the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish, and to direct your Precept, together with a sufficient Number of Forms of Return, to them accordingly; and if there is any Parish or Township which extends into any other Constablewick besides your own, you are to treat every such Parish or Township as within your Constablewick, provided the principal Church of such Parish or Township is situated within your Constablewick, and you are to issue your Precepts with a sufficient Number of Forms of Return accordingly; and these several Matters you are in no wise to omit, upon the Peril that shall ensue. Given under my Hand, at in the said County,

the Day of in the Year

Clerk of the Peace, for the said County [Riding or Division.]

Precept

And for Powers un repealed.

264

C. 50.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

Precept for returning Lists of Jurors.

To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish [or. To the Overseers of the Poor of the Township] of

virtue of a Warrant from the Clerk of the Peace of the said County [Riding or Division] unto me directed, you are hereby required to make out, before the First Day of September next, a true List in Writing, in the Form hereunto annexed, containing the Names of all Men, being natural born Subjects of the King, between the Ages of Twenty one and Sixty, residing within your Parish [or Township], qualified to serve upon Juries; that is to say, of every such Man who has in his own Name, or in Trust for him, a clear Income of Ten Pounds by the Year in Lands or Tenements, whether of Freehold, Copyhold or Customary Tenure, or of Ancient Demesne, situate in the said County, or in Rents issuing out of any such Lands or Tenements, or in such Lands, Tenements and Rents taken together, in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for his own Life, or for the Life of any other Person; and also of every such Man who has a clear Income of Twenty Pounds by the Year in Lands or Tenements situate in the said County, held by Lease for the absolute Term of Twenty one Years, or some longer Term, or for any Term of Years determinable on any Life or Lives; and also of every such Man who is a Householder in your Parish [or Township], and is rated or assessed to the Poor Rate or to the Inhabited House Duty on a Value of not less than Twenty Pounds [if in Middlesex Thirty Pounds], and also of every such Man who occupies a House in your Parish [or Township] containing not less than Fifteen Windows; and you are required to make out the said List in Alphabetical Order, and to write the Christian and Surname of every Man at full Length, and the Place of his Abode, his Title, Quality, Calling or Business, and the Nature of his Qualification, in the proper Columns of the Forms hereunto annexed, according to the Specimens given in such Columns for your Guidance.

And if you have not a sufficient Number of Forms, you must apply to me for more; and in order to assist you in making out the List, you are to refer to the Poor Rate, and you may, if you think proper, apply to any Collector or Assessor of Taxes, or any other Officer who has the Custody of any House Tax, Land Tax or other Tax Assessment for your Parish [or Township], and take from thence the Names of Men so qualified: And in making such List you are to omit the Names of all Peers, all Judges, all Clergymen, all Roman Catholic Priests who shall have duly taken and subscribed the Oaths and Declaration required by Law; all Ministers of any Congregation of Protestant Dissenters whose Place of Meeting is duly registered, provided they follow no secular Occupation except that of a Schoolmaster, and produce to you a Certificate of some Justice of the Peace of their having taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration required by Law; all Sergeants and Barristers at Law, all Members of the Society of Doctors of Law, and all Advocates of the Civil Law, if actually

practising

Couaty of

to wit. Hundred of

6° GEO. IV. C. 50.

265

practising, and all Attornies, Solicitors and Proctors, if actually-practising, and having taken out their annual Certificates; all Officers of the Courts of Law and Equity, and of the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical Courts, if actually exercising the Duties of their respective Offices; all Coroners, all Gaolers and Keepers of Houses of Correction; all Members and Licentiates of the Royal College of Physicians in London, all Members of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons in London, Edinburgh and Dublin, and Apothecaries certificated by the Court of Examiners of the Apothecaries' Company, if actually practising as Physicians, Surgeons or Apothecaries respectively; all Officers of the Navy and Army on Full Pay; all Pilots licensed by the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, Kingston upon Hull or Newcastle upon Tyne, and all Masters of Vessels in the Buoy and Light Service employed by either of those Corporations, and all Pilots licensed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or under any Act of Parliament or Charter for the Regulation of Pilots in any other Port; all the Household Servants of His Majesty; all Officers of Customs and Excise; all Sheriffs Officers, High Constables and Parish Clerks; and also all Persons exempt by virtue of any Prescription, Charter, Grant or Writ.

And when you have made out such List, you are authorized to order a sufficient Number of Copies thereof to be printed, the Expence of which Printing will be allowed you by the Parish [or Township] and you are required, on the Three First Sundays in September next, to fix a Copy of such List, signed by you. on the principal Door of every Church, Chapel or other public Place of Religious Worship wdthin your Parish [or Township], and also to subjoin to every such Copy a Notice to the following Effect, inserting the Time and Place, of which you shall be previously informed: " Take Notice, that all " Objections to the foregoing " List will be heard by the Justices in Petty Sessions, on the Day of September next, at the Hour of " at and you must allow any Inhabitant of

your Parish [or Township] to inspect the original List, or a true Copy of it, during the Three First Weeks of September next, gratis; and you are also further required to produce the said List at such Petty Sessions, and there to answer, on Oath, such Questions as shall be put to you by His Majesty's Justices of the Peace there present, touching the said List; and these several Matters you are in no wise to omit, upon the Peril that may ensue. Given under my Hand, at in the said County, the

Day of in the Year

Fligh Constable.

The Form of Precept in Wales is to be altered according to the Difference of Qualification.

Form

C. 50, 51.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Form of Return.

County of ) 'T'HE Return of the Churchwardens and Overseers [or of the Over-to wit. j seers] of the of in the

Hundred of in the said County, of Men qualified to

serve on Juries.

Parish or Township; in Towns, add the Name of the Street. Christian and Surname at full Length. Title, Quality, Calling or Business. Nature of Qualification.

All Saints, Derby: King-street John-street Duke-street High-street Duke-street Church-street Adams, John Alley, James Bond, Henry Boyd, George -Cole, Charles Cook, John Esquire Merchant Baker Grocer - Butcher Innkeeper Freehold. Copyhold. Leasehold. Poor Rate. House Assessment Windows.

CAP. LI.

Special Juries may be struck on Indictments, &c. as in other Cases under 17 & 18 G. 3. c. 45. (I.)

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Special Juries, and to Trials in Counties of Cities and Towns, and Towns Corporate, in Ireland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to Juries ' in Ireland should be assimilated to the Laws in force in Great Britain, in the Particulars hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in Dublin respectively, upon Motion made on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or on Motion made on Behalf of any Prosecutor or Defendant, in any Indictment or in any Information for any Misdemeanor, or in any Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, depending or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court of King's Bench, or in any Information depending or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court of Exchequer, to order and appoint Juries to be struck before the proper Officer or each respective Court, for the Trial of the Issue joined in any of the said Cases (and triable by a Jury of Twelve Men), in such Manner as Special Juries have been and are usually struck in such Courts respectively upon Trials at Bar, to be had in the same Courts, and in such Manner as Special Juries have been and may be struck in other Cases, under an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Lauo with respect to Outlawries, returning special Juries, and the future Effects of Bankrupts in certain Cases, or under any other Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom in force in Ireland relating to Special Juries;

any

6° GEO. IV. C. 51.

267

any Thing in the said recited Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in every Action, whether the same be transitory or local, which shall be prosecuted or depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, and in every Indictment removed into His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench in Dublin by Writ of Certiorari, and in every Information filed by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General in Ireland, or by Leave of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, and in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall plead to or traverse any of the Facts contained in the Return to any Writ of Mandamus in Ireland, if the Venue in such Action, Indictment or Information, be laid in any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate within Ireland, or if such Writ of Mandamus be directed to any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action, Indictment, Information or other Proceeding shall be depending, at the Prayer and Instance of any Prosecutor or Plaintiff, or of any Defendant, to direct the Issue or Issues joined in such Action, Indictment, Information or Proceeding, to be tried by a Jury of the County next adjoining to such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, and to award proper Writs of Venire or Distringas accordingly, if the said Court shall think fit and proper so to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Prosecutor or Prosecutors to prefer his, her or their Bill or Bills of Indictment, for any Offence or Offences committed or charged to be committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate in Ireland to the Jury of the County next adjoining to such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, sworn and charged to inquire for the King for the Body of such adjoining County, at any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery; and that every such Bill oflndictment found to be a true Bill by such Jury, shall be valid and effectual in Law, as if the same had been found to be a true Bill by any Jury sworn and charged to inquire for the King for such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or Court of General Gaol Delivery for any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate in Ireland, that any Indictment found by any Grand Jury of such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, or any Inquisition taken before the Coroner or Coroners of such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, is fit and proper to be tried by a Jury of any next adjoining County, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at the Prayer of any Prosecutor or Defendant, to order such Indictment or Inquisition, and the several Recognizances, Examinations and Depositions relative to such Indictments and Inquisitions, to be filed with the proper Officer to be by him kept among the Records of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County, and to cause the Defendant or Defendants in

In Actions, Indictments, &c. in Superior Courts, where Venue laid in County of a City, &c. in Ireland, Court may direct Issue to be tried by a Jury of next adjoining County.

Indictments for Offences in Counties of Cities, Sec. may be preferred to Jury of County next adjoining.

Indictments found by Grand Jury or Inquisitions taken before Coroner of Cities or Towns, may be ordered by Court to be tiled with Officer of next adjoining County, and Defendants removed to Gaol thereof, &c .;

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and Prosecutors, &c. to 'enter into Recognizance to prosecute. &c.

Sentence may be executed either in County where Offender convicted, ojc. where Offence committed.

How Sheriff, tic. to act thereon.

Judges of King's Bench, Sec. may cause Persons in Custody to be removed into Custody of Sheriff of next adjoining County for Trial;

C. 51.

such Indictments to be removed by Writ of Habeas Corpus to the Gaol of such next adjoining County; which Writ the said Court is hereby directed and authorized to issue, if such Defendant or Defendants be in the Prison of such County of a City, County of a Town -or Town Corporate; and if such Defendant or Defendants be not in such Prison, to commit such Defendant or Defendants to the Gaol of such next adjoining County, and to cause the Prosecutors and Witnesses against such Defendant or Defendants to enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances to prosecute and give Evidence against such Defendant or Defendants, at the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County; and the same Proceedings and Trial shall or may be had, and the same Judgment shall or may be given in such last mentioned Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, as would and might be had and given in Cases of Indictments or Inquisitions for the like Offences committed within such next adjoining Counties.

V. And Whereas it may be fit and expedient, that in certain Cases the Punishment should be inflicted and the Sentence put in Execution within the County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate within which the Offence shall have been committed; Be it therefore enacted, That -it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any Conviction shall have taken place in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to order every the Person convicted to be punished according to Law, either within the County where such Conviction shall have taken Place, or within the County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate wherein such Offence shall have been committed; and in Cases where the Court shall order such Convict to be punished within such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, it shall and may be lawful for the Court, after passing Sentence upon every or any such Convict, to order every or any such Convict to be delivered into the Custody of the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or other proper Officer or Officers of such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, and the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Gaoler, or other proper Officer or Officers of such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate is and are hereby commanded to receive into his or their Custody every such Convict or Convicts, and to execute the Sentence so passed upon such Convict or Convicts in such adjoining County, as if such Convict or Convicts had been tried and had received such Sentence in such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Judges of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, or any of the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for any such next adjoining County as aforesaid, upon the Application of any such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Ten Days next before the Holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for such last mentioned County, by proper Writs of Habeas Corpus, which they are hereby empowered and authorized to issue, to cause any Person or Persons who may be in the Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or of the Keepers of any Gaol or Prison charged with any Offence

or

6° GEO. IV. C. 51 *

269

or Offences committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, to be removed into th-e Custody of the Sheriff of such next adjoining County, in order that such Person or Persons may, for such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, be tried in such last mentioned County, and by Order, under the Hand of any One of the said Judges or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, to direct the Coroner or Coroners of any such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, to return to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to be holden for such next adjoining County, any Inquisition, Examination or Deposition taken touching the Death of any Person or Persons within the Limits of his or their Jurisdictions; and that whenever, in pursuance of this Act, any Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be found by such Grand Jury as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed, or charged to be committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Courts of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery to issue Process for apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be found if not in Custody, and to compel the Attendance of Witnesses upon the Trial of such Indictments, in like Manner as in Cases of Indictments found in any such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for Offences committed within such adjoining Counties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Recognizance which after the passing of this Act shall be entered into for the Prosecution of any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences committed or alleged to be committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate in Ireland, or within any Liberty or Franchise, and every Recognizance for the Appearance, as well of Witnesses to give Evidence upon any Bill of Indictment to be preferred, or any Inquisition found for any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, as for the Appearance of any Person or Persons to answer our Lord the King for or concerning the same, shall be forfeited, if the Prosecutor shall, Ten Days previous to the Holding of the next Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in the next adjoining County, give Notice to the Person bound in such Recognizance to give Evidence upon such Bill of Indictment, or to answer to our said Lord the King as aforesaid, of the Intention to prefer such Indictment in, or to remove such Inquisition into the next adjoining or other County, and the Party bound in such Recognizance shall not appear, prosecute or give, or be ready to give Evidence at such Court; but if the Person bound in such Recognizance, after Notice as aforesaid, shall appear at such Court of the next adjoining County, and shall prosecute and give, or be ready to give Evidence on such Indictment before the Grand Jury, and on the Trial thereof, or on the Trial of such Inquisition, then the said Recognizance shall be discharged, in such and the like Manner as if the Person bound in such Recognizance had complied with the Terms thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Person or Persons who shall enter into such Recognizance or

Recog-

and direct Coroners to return Inquisitions, &c.

and issue Process for apprehending Offenders, Sec. in adjoining Counties.

Recognizances entered into for Prosecution of Offences committed within County of City or Town, &c. forfeited, if Parties do not appear on Trial in adjoining County, on Notice.

Recognizance discharged on Appearance.

Notice left at Abode of Re-

C. 51.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

cognizors

effectual.

When such Recognizances to be estreated.

Return of such Recognizances to next Court of Oyer and Terminer for next adjoining County upon Notice.

No Indictment preferred, &c. after Delivery of Notice.

Justices for adjoining County, may order Expences of Prosecution, &c. to be paid.

Proviso for Payment of Expences not before provided for by County of City, or

Recognizances as aforesaid cannot be found, and such Notice as aforesaid be left at his, her or their last Place of Abode Ten Days previous to the Holding such Sessions as aforesaid, the same shall be as good and effectual as if the same were left with the Person or Persons entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances; and that no such Recognizance shall be estreated or returned into the Court of Exchequer, until the next following Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to be holden for such next adjoining County, in order that such Recognizance or Recognizances may be discharged, in case the Person or Persons who shall have entered into the same shall show to such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, sufficient Cause for discharging the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, before whom any such Recognizance or Recognizances as aforesaid shall be entered into, or by whom any Examination or Deposition shall be taken, touching any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to return the same to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, for such next adjoining County as aforesaid, upon such Prosecutor or Prosecutors as aforesaid leaving, at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of the Person or Persons before whom such Recognizances shall be entered into, or by whom such Examination or Deposition shall be taken, Ten Days before the Holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or Genjeral Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County as aforesaid, Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to prosecute such Indictment or Inquisition at such last mentioned Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for any Offence or Offences committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate; and that after the Delivery as aforesaid of any of the said Notices, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, or to return any Inquisition for any Offence or Offences mentioned in the said Recognizances, or any of them, at or to any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for any such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Indictments and other Proceedings which may be tried before His Majesty's Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery for any County, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Expences of the Prosecution and of the Witnesses, and of the several Rewards payable in pursuance of the Statutes in such Cases made and provided, on the Conviction of Offenders, to be paid by and to the same Persons and in the same Manner as the same would be payable if such Indictments had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of any such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at any Sessions thereof holden for any such adjoining County, and they are hereby required, to order all Expences whatsoever incurred by such County in relation to any Person who shall be

tried

6° GEO. IV. C. 51, 52.

271

tried in such County, or removed thither for Trial, for any Offence committed or charged to have been committed within any such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, as well in maintaining and supporting such Person and carrying the Sentence into Execution, as in any other Respect, to be repaid to the Treasurer of such adjoining County, or other Person acting as Treasurer of such adjoining County, or who shall have actually paid such Expences, by the same Person or Persons and in the same Manner as the same would have been payable if such Offender or supposed Offender had remained in such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, and had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, and as if the Sentence with respect to such Offender had been carried into Execution within such County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to take away any other Rights or Privileges which have been anciently granted to any Corporations in Ireland, by Royal Charters or Grants, and which have been immemorially held and enjoyed b}r such Corporations, but that they shall continue in the full Possession of all their other exclusive Rights and Privileges, as much as if this Act had never passed; and that they shall not be obliged to attend as Jurymen upon the Trial of any Cause or any Indictment which may be removed from the limited Jurisdiction to the County at large, nor upon the Trial of any other Cause, or any other Indictment which may be tried before His Majesty's Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, in the next adjoining County.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person to prefer any Bill of Indictment for any Offence committed or charged to be committed within any County of a City, County of a Town or Town Corporate, to the Jury of such next adjoining County as aforesaid, or to remove any Indictment or other Criminal Proceeding, except the Person preferring such Bill, or applying for such Removal, shall enter into a Recognizance before the Court where such Bill shall be preferred, or the Court or Magistrate to whom such Application shall be made, as the Case may be, in the Sum of Forty Pounds, conditioned to pay the extra Costs attending the prosecuting for such Offence in such next adjoining County, provided the Court before whom the Trial shall be had, shall be of Opinion that such Person ought to pay the same.

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending former Acts relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of Treasurers and Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Acts of the last Session

of

County of Town or Town Corporate.

Proviso for ancient Privileges of Corporations.

Recognizances for extra Costs.

B G.4. c. 93.

§ 1.

272

4G.4. c. 33. Sched. (A.)

4 G.4. c. 43.

5 G.4. c. 93. § 1., in part repealed.

Grand Juries of Counties of Towns may-make Presentments for Treasurers and for other Officers as herein mentioned.

C. 52. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

£ of Parliament, relating to Presentments by Grand Juries, for (Payment of the Salaries of Public Officers (f the several Counties of Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should and might be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County of a Town or City to make Presentment for any Treasurer of such County of a Town or City, at the several Assizes to be held in any one Year in any such County of a Town or City, of any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Salary payable to any such Treasurer, as specified and set forth in the 1 Schedule or Table annexed to an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make more effectual Regulations for the Election, and to secure the Performances of the Duties of County Treasurers in Ireland; and that it should be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County of a Town or City in Ireland, to make Presentment of any Sum or Sums for any Officer mentioned and specified in an Act made in the said Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries, for Payment of the Public Offices of the several Counties in Ireland, or the Schedule or Table thereto annexed, at the several Assizes to be held in any one Year in any such County of a Town or City, not exceeding the Amount of the Salary payable to any such Officer under the said last recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Clause should be repealed, so far as relates to Counties of Cities in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Clause of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby repealed, so far as relates to Counties of Cities in Ireland\

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County of a Town in Ireland to make any Presentments for any Treasurer of any County of a Town, not exceeding the whole of the Amount of the Salary or Sums specified in the Schedule or Table annexed to the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual Regulations for the Election, and for securing the Performances of the Duties, of County Treasurers in Ireland, as amended by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and also to make any Presentments of any Sum or Sums for any Public Officer mentioned and specified in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland, or in the Schedule or Table to the said Act annexed, not exceeding the Sums therein respectively mentioned; and also to make any Presentments for the Payment of Coroners, where more than One Coroner shall be appointed, according to the Directions of the said last recited Act, as amended by the said hereinbefore first recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

6° GEO. IV. C. 52, 53.

273

4 III, And Whereas it may have happened that in certain Counties of Cities Presentments may not have been duly made or dated for the Payment of the Treasurers at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four,

or at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; Be it therefore enacted, That in any Case where such Presentments shall not have been made by the Grand Jury of any County of a City, or shall not have been fiated by the Judge at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, or at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any such County of a City to make, and for the Judge to fiat, any Presentment for all Arrears of any Salary or Poundage due to such Treasurer of such County of a City, at the Summer Assizes in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, according to the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign relating to such Treasurers.

IV. And Whereas it is just and expedient that the same Classification of Counties in Ireland should be adopted with respect to all the Public Officers of the said Counties Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Counties in Ireland shall, in all that respects the Treasurers of the said Counties, be classed in like Manner as the said Counties are classed under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries, for Payment of the Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for limiting the Time within which Inquisitions of Lunacy, Idiotcy and Non Compos Mentis, may be traversed, and for making other Regulations in the Proceedings pending a Traverse.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edvoard the Sixth, it was enacted, that if any Person should be untruly founden Lunatic, Idiot or Dead, every Person and Persons grieved by any such Office or Inquisition, should and might have his or their Traverse to the same immediately, or after, at his or their Pleasure, and proceed to Trial therein, and have like Remedy and Advantage as in other Cases of Traverse upon untrue Inquisitions or Offices founden: And Whereas great Inconvenience hath arisen from there being no Time limited within which Inquisitions or Offices finding Persons Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, must be traversed; and it is expedient that some Time should be limited for that Purpose: And Whereas the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, have been usually entrusted, by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of 6 Geo. IV. T 4 Ireland

Presentments may be made at Summer Assizes for Arrears of Salary, &c. to Treasurers, where not duly made at Summer Assizes in 1824, or Spring Assizesin 1825.

Counties, in all that respects Treasurers, shall be classed in like Manner as Counties are classed under G, 4. c. 43.

2&3E.6. c. 8.

§6.

274

C. 53.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Petitions to traverse Inquisitions to be presented within a limited Time.

Order to be made thereon.

Security for Traverse.

Persons not petitioning within limited Time, barred;

Ireland respectively Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Inquisition has, before the passing of this Act, been returned into the High Court of Chancery, by which any Person hath been found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons desiring to traverse such Inquisition, or for any Person or Persons desiring to oppose such Traverse, to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, or other Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, before the End of Michaelmas Term next after the passing of this Act, praying that such Traverse may be proceeded in and brought to Trial; and where any Person or Persons shall be desirous of traversing any such Inquisition as aforesaid, which shall be returned into the said Court of Chancery after the passing of this Act, a Petition for that Purpose shall be presented to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, within Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of the Return of such Inquisition; and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, is or are hereby directed and required to hear and determine such Petition; and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid respectively, shall, in every Order to be made upon any such Petition as aforesaid, limit a Time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Date of such Order, within which the Person or Persons desiring to traverse as aforesaid, and all other proper Parties, are to proceed to Trial of the Traverse to which such Petition shall relate; and it shall also be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, entrusted as aforesaid, in the Case of every such Traverse as aforesaid, upon the Petition of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to make an Order that the Person or Persons desiring to traverse as aforesaid, not being the Party who has upon such Inquisition been found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, shall, within Three Weeks after the Date of such Order, give sufficient Security to One of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and to the Satisfaction of the same Master, for all proper Parties proceeding to the Trial of such Traverse as aforesaid, within the Time to be for that Purpose limited as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person having or who shall hereafter have Right to traverse any such Inquisition as aforesaid, who shall not present his or her Petition for that Purpose to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, within the Time hereinbefore limited and applicable to his or her Case, or who shall refuse or neglect to give such Security as aforesaid, or who shall not proceed to the Trial of such Traverse within such Time as shall be in that Behalf limited or directed its aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executors and Administrators of

every

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 53, 54.

275

every such Person, and all others claiming or to claim by, through or under him or her, shall be and are hereby absolutely barred of such Right of Traverse, unless the Lord Chancellor, unkss Lord Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Chancellor see Persons entrusted as aforesaid, shall under the special Circum- Cause to the stances of any particular Case think fit, upon a Petition being C011traiT-presented to him or them for that Purpose, to allow such Traverse to be had or tried after the Time by this Act limited; in all which special Cases it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, to make such Orders as to him or them shall seem just.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall F°rd Chan-be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords ^irectnew Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as afore- Tria]s< said, if he or they shall be dis-satisfied with any Verdict to be returned upon any such Traverse as aforesaid, to order One or more

new Trial or Trials thereon, as to him or them shall seem meet., and as is usual in Cases of Issues directed by the Court of Chancery; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be And may make lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, or other the Person or Persons entrusted as aforesaid, of pei°son an(j from time to time after the Return of any such Inquisition as Estate of aforesaid, and notwithstanding any Petition or Order which may Lunatics, be depending relating to a Traverse of such Inquisition, to make such Orders relative to the Custody and Commitment of the Person or Persons, and the Commitment, Management and Application of the Estates and Effects of any Person or Persons who shall or may have been found-Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, by an)?- such Inquisition or Inquisitions as he or they shall think necessary or proper; and all Acts, Matters and Things which shall have been done by any Person or Persons appointed Committee or Committees of the Persons or Estates of such Persons found or to be found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind as aforesaid, or by any other Person or Persons, shall be and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual; and such Committees and other Persons respectively, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, are hereby indemnified in respect of such Acts, Matters and Things, from and against all Actions, Suits and Proceedings, Damages,

Costs, Charges and Expences, to be brought, commenced, had or recovered by the Person or Persons so found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, as fully and effectually as if such Inquisition had not been traversable, but no further or otherwise.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of

His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Session of Parliament 6 vY held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of I-Iis 1 & 2 G.4, c. 33.

T 2 4 present

276

C. 54.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

After Asylum shall be fit for Reception of Lunatic Poor, Lord Lieutenant may direct Money as herein mentioned, to be issued out of Consolidated Fund for Support of such Establishments.

Grand Jury of the County to make Presentment for Repayment of Money so advanced *

On neglect, &c. Court may order.

present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and 6 for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland: and it is expedient that further Provision should be made ' for the opening, carrying on, maintaining and supporting of ' such Asylums Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, from time to time and at any Time or Times after any Asylum erected or to be erected in pursuance of the said recited Act shall be fit for the Reception of Lunatic Poor, to order and direct that any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in any One Quarter of a Year, shall be advanced and issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, to such Person or Persons as shall be named in any such Order of Council, or into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name or Names of any such Person or Persons, to be from time to time paid and applied for the Purpose of opening and carrying on, and of maintaining and supporting any such Asylum from time to time in any District in Ireland, to such Amount, and at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, and upon such Estimates, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and with such Penalties for Breach of such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council, shall seem best suited for promoting the beneficial Purposes of any such Asylum, according to the said recited Act and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any and every County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, in or for which, either wholly or in Part, any such Asylum hath been or shall be erected, and such Grand Jury are hereby required, at the Assizes next after the Date of any such Order for the Advance of Money for the opening, carrying on or maintaining any such Asylum, or as soon after as they shall be thereto required, and from time to time whenever the Case shall happen, to make a Presentment for the raising off any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums so advanced, or any Part thereof, at such Times, and in such Proportions as shall be directed and ascertained by any Order or Orders to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council as aforesaid; and if any such Grand Jury shall neglect or refuse to make any such Presentment, the Court shall order the Sum or Sums which ought to be so presented to be raised, as if the same had been so presented, and the same shall be raised and paid accordingly.

C. 5S.

277

6° GEO. IV.

CAP. LV.

An Act to regulate the Proceedings as to sealing of Writs in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS the Custody of the Seal of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland doth, in Right of his Office, belong to the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for the Time being, and certain Fees have of Right been payable and paid for and upon the sealing of divers Writs issuing out of the ' said Court, and which Fees have been from time to time collected by the Clerk of the Seal, for the Use of the Chancellor e of the said Exchequer for the Time being; and it is expedient ' that the said Fees should in future be received by the Clerk of the Seal, and should be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and that the Chancellor of the said Exchequer for the Time being should receive a Compensation in ' lieu of the same, and that Regulations should be made for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall be the Office and Duty of the Person who shall from time to time be appointed by the Chancellor of the said Exchequer to be the Clerk of the Seal in the said Court, to affix the Seal of the said Court to all Writs issuing out of the said Court, in like Manner as hath heretofore been usual and accustomed, and as is required by Law, and to perform all such other Duties appertaining to the Office of Clerk of the Seal as have been or ought to be performed by any Clerk of the Seal for the Time being, and as are required and directed by this Act; and that such Clerk of the Seal from time to time for the Time being shall also be the Registrar of Attornies' Licences in the said Court, and in the several Departments of the said Court, and shall perform all such and the like Duties as such Registrar, as have been or may or ought to be performed by the Registrars of Attornies' Licences in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the said Clerk of the Seal and Registrar of Attornies' Licences in the said Court of Exchequer, to be from time to time appointed to hold the said Office, shall execute the Duty of his said Office of Clerk of the Seal in Person, with the Power only of appointing a Person to assist him in the said Office, and to be paid by such Clerk of the Seal, and for whom such Clerk of the Seal shall be answerable, and who, under the Direction of such Clerk of the Seal, or in the occasional Absence of such Clerk of the Seal, shall perform the Duties of the said Office, and shall be deemed and called the Assistant Clerk of the Seal.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall happen that such Clerk of the Seal shall be incapacitated by Sickness from performing the Duties of his said Office, or shall have occasion to be absent from his said Office for any Period of

T 3 Time

Clerk of the Seal to seal Writs;

and to be Registrar of Attornies' Licences.-

Clerk of the Seal to execute that Office in Person, with am Assistant.

In case of Sickness, &c. Clerk of Seal may appoint a Deputy.

278

C. 55.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Appointment to be signed by Chancellor of Exchequer.

Clerk of the Seal to take Fees according to Table annexed to Act, and no others.

Description of such Fees.

Taking other Fees.

Penalty/

Time exceeding Thirty Days, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Seal, by Deputation in Writing under his Hand and Seal, by and with the Consent in Writing of the Chancellor of the said Exchequer for the Time being, to appoint a Deputy to execute the Duties of the Office of Clerk of the Seal during such Period as shall be specified in such Deputation, and to be called the Deputy Clerk of the Seal; and the Name of such Deputy, and also the Occasion of appointing him, and the Approbation of such Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Time for which such Appointment is to continue, shall be specified and set forth in such Deputation; and such Deputation shall be signed and indorsed by such Chancellor of the Exchequer; and the Period mentioned in such Deputation may be prolonged, if necessary, by such Clerk of the Seal, with the Approbation of such Chancellor of the Exchequer, by the Indorsement of such Chancellor of the Exchequer, and of such Officer upon such Deputation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty live, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Seal of the said Court for the Time being, and Registrar as aforesaid, to ask, demand, have, receive and take, for affixing the Seal of the said Court to the several Writs mentioned and specified in the Schedule or Table to this Act annexed, the several Fees and Sums of Money in the said Table respectively mentioned, and none other or greater Fees or Sums of Money whatever, in British Currency, being such and the same Fees as have been claimed by the several Chancellors of the Exchequer in Ireland, for the Seal of the said Court, and under an Order of the House of Lords in Ireland, and as are set forth in the Ninth Report of His Majesty's Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and that the said Clerk of the Seal and Registrar as aforesaid, from time to time for the Time being, shall not ask, demand or receive from any of the Suitors of the said Court, or from any Solicitor or Attorney of or in the said Court, or of or in any Department of the said Court, or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Fee or Sum or Sums of Money whatever, on account of, or for the Performance of, or under pretence of performing any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, not mentioned, specified or set forth in the said Table (save and except the Salary pa}7able to such Officer under the Provisions of this Act), any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that the said Table shall be taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if any such Clerk of the Seal and Registrar as aforesaid for the Time being, shall ask or demand, or shall have, take, receive or accept any Gift, Fee, Reward, Gratuity or Remuneration, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor

more

6° GEO. IV. C. 55.

279

more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be for the Use of His Majestjq His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who at any Time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five shall for the Time being hold the Office of Clerk of the Seal and Registrar of Attornies' Licences as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall have and receive and retain out of the Fees to be received under this Act, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency, for the Performance of all the Duties of the said Office of Clerk of the Seal and Registrar as aforesaid, by himself or his Assistant or Deputy, under the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of the Seal shall, within Twenty one Days after the Tenth Day of October, Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, and Tenthf Day of July, in every Year, during the Continuance of such Clerk in such Office, deliver and transmit to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland at his Office in Dublin, an Account, signed by such Clerk of the Seal in his proper Hand-writing, wherein he shall state all and every Sum and Sums of Money received by him or by any Assistant or Deputy for his Use, or for which Credit shall have been given to any Person or Persons for or on Account or by reason of the Fees mentioned and specified in the Table to this Act annexed, for or during the Quarter ending on every such Tenth Day of October, Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, or Fifth Day of July respectively; and that upon the Decease of any such Clerk of the Seal, the Executors or Administrators of such Clerk of the Seal* or in case of his quitting the said Office, the said Clerk of the Seal, or his Executors or Administrators, shall, within One Calendar Month next after the Decease of any such Clerk of the Seal, or after the quitting of the said Office by any such Clerk of the Seal, deliver and transmit to the said Vice Treasurer an Account, signed by such Executors or Administrators, or one of them, or by the said Clerk of the Seal, as the Case may require, of all Money received by or for such Clerk of the Seal, or for which Credit shall have been given for or on account of such Fees as aforesaid, up to the Day of the Decease of such Clerk of the Seal, or up to the Day of his quitting the said Office (so far with relation to such Executors or Administrators as they shall be enabled to obtain Knowledge thereof); and that every such Account, before the same shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall be verified by the Person or Persons whose Name shall be subscribed thereto by Affidavit at the Foot thereof, to be sworn before One of the Barons of the said Exchequer (which Oath any such Baron is hereby authorized and required to administer), and which Affidavit shall state that the Account to which the same relates is a full, true, and just Account according to the Import thereof to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person or Persons whose Name shall be subscribed thereto; and each and every Person who shall deliver in such Account as aforesaid shall, within Three Days next after the Date of such Affidavit, pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in 'Ireland the full Amount of all and every Sum and

T 4 Sums

Salary to Clerk of the Seal who shall make Quarterly Returns on Oath of Amount of Fees received (or credited), and pay same (deducting Salary, &c.) into the Exchequer, f Sic.

Account to be verified by Affidavit.

C. 55.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Amount so paid in carried to Consolidated Fund.

Proviso for Executors delivering Account of their Testators, Sec.

Refusing to deliver Account, Penalty.

Delivery thereof may be compelled by Attachment;

and Payment of Sums due by Extent.

Sums carried td

Consolidated

Fund.

Sums of Money which each and every Person shall in such Account admit to have been so received by him, or by his Testator or Intestate, or for which Credit shall have been so given as aforesaid, deducting thereout so much and such Sums as shall be due and payable to such Clerk of the Seal, in respect of the Proportion of the said annual Salary of Two hundred Pounds accruing due during the Period of such Account, and also such Sum for the current and necessary Expences of the said Office of Clerk of the Seal, as shall be from time to time allowed by a Certificate of the Chancellor of the said Exchequer, upon an Account of such Expences to be furnished by such Clerk of the Seal; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so received by such Clerk of the Seal (after such Deductions and Allowances as aforesaid) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall make such Affidavit as an Executor or Administrator, shall be at liberty to add thereto a Statement of the Amount in value of the Assets of the Testator or Intestate which have come to the Hands or Power of such Executor or Administrator, and whether any and what Part thereof is in Money or Bank Notes, and what is the Nature of such Part thereof as may not then be in Money or Bank Notes, and also a Statement of the Sum (if any) paid thereout for Funeral Expences; and such Executors or Administrators shall thereupon pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time aforesaid, in Priority to all other Demands, the Balance of so much of the said Assets as shall then be in Money or Bank Notes, after deducting what shall have been so paid for Funeral Expences, and the Residue shall be a Debt recoverable by Extent in Manner hereinafter provided.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect or omit to deliver in or verify any such Account, Or to make such Payment thereon as by this Act is required, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer, on Application duly made by His Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General in Ireland, to compel, by summary Order and Attachment and Sequestration thereon, if necessary, the delivery and verifying of any such Account as aforesaid, at such Time as such Court shall direct; and if at any Time after Three Days from the Date of the Affidavit at the Foot of any Account furnished under this Act, it shall be made appear to any Baron of the said Exchequer by an attested Copy of such Account, and by any Affidavit, that any Sums due under such Account remain unpaid, then such Baron shall immediately make an Order for an Extent to levy the same as a Debt to the Crown, which Extent shall accordingly issue in the usual Form as against an original Debtor or an Executor or Administrator respectively, as the Case ma}^ require, and the net Money levied thereon shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Dublin, and shall be carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 55. 281

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the Fifth Compensation Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, there to Chancellor shall be issued and paid to the Chancellor of the Exchequer of

Ireland, from time to time for the Time being, and during the ^ated Fun(^ Continuance of any and every such Chancellor of the Exchequer in his said Office, as a Compensation for the Loss which will be sustained by such Chancellor of the said Exchequer by reason of this Act, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds British Currency, yearly and every Year, out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Sums to be paid or allowed in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on every Tenth Day of October, Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, and Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five: Provided always, that whenever any Person holding or who shall hold the said Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, or the said Office of Clerk of the Seal and Registrar of Attornies' Licences in the said Court of Exchequer respectively, shall, during the Course of any Quarter, resign or quit such Office respectively, or shall die, then the Person so resigning or quitting, or the Executors or Administrators of such Person so dying (as the Case may be), shall be entitled to such proportionate Part of such annual Sum as shall have accrued during such Part of such Quarter as such Person shall have executed the Office in respect of which such annual Sum shall be payable; and every Officer to be appointed in lieu of the Person who shall so resign or quit his Office or die (as the Case may be) shall, on the Quarter Day next after his Appointment, be entitled to have and receive such Proportion of such annual Sums respectively as shall have arisen from the Date of his Appointment.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

NAMES OF WRITS. - 2 Fee on each.

£ s.

Custodiam, and all other Writs to which the Seal at large is to be

put ---- 0 7 6

Appraisement - - 0 2 6

Seizure - 0 2 0

Privilege 0 2 6

Sequestration - 0 2 6

Dedimus - _ .. 0 2 6

Assistance - 0 2 6

Protection 0 2 6

Commission to examine - 0 2 6

Compensations and Salaries payable quarterly;

and in proportion on Death or Resignation and Succession to Office.

C. 55, 56.

6° GEO. IV.

NAMES OF WRITS — continued. Fee on each.

.9. d.

All Commissions of the Chancery Side - - 0 2 6

All Commissions of Common Law Side - 0 2 6

Elegit - 0 1 0

Injunction - - _ 0 1 0

Delivery - _ 0 1 0

Levari Facias 0 1 0

Amoveas Manus - _ 0 1 0

Fieri Facias ., 0 1 0

Venditioni Exponas .. - 0 1 0

Capias ad satisfaciendum - _ _ 0 1 0

Habere Facias - _ 0 1 0

Supersedeas - 0 1 0

Procedendo - 0 1 0

Flabeas Corpus ad satisfaciendum .. _ 0 1 0

Habeas Corpus cum Causa - - 0 1 0

Subpoena on Decretal Order - 0 1 0

Record de Nisi Prius. _ 0 2 6

Distringas Juratores - - 0 1 6

Capias quo minus - - 0 0 6

Attachment - 0 0 6

Scire Facias - - _ 0 0 6

Attachment to the Serjeant at Arms - - 0 1 0

Attachment to the Pursuivant - n. 0 1 0

Distringas nuper vice - 0 0 6

Habeas Corpus ad respondendum - - 0 0 6

Non-pros - - 0 0 6

Breve de inquirenda - - 0 0 6

Venire Facias - 0 0 6

Proclamation - 0 0 6

Subpoena - - 0 0 6

Habeas Corpus super Cessi - - 0 0 6

Duces Tecum - 0 0 6

Every Four Fines in the levjdng Process - 0 1 0

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend Two Acts for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property in Mines and from Corporate Bodies.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, £ for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing

Property in Mines: And Whereas another Act was passed in

1 G.4. c. 102. 4 the First Year of the Reign of ITis present Majesty, for making

£ general the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year £ of His late Majesty: And Whereas the Enactments of the said

Acts have been found to facilitate the Conviction of Offenders,

6 and to promote the due Administration of Justice, without de- priving Persons accused of any fair or just Means of Defence;

but such Acts have been found not to extend to other Cases

within

6° GEO. IV. C. 56, 57.

283

within the same Principle, and in which it is fit and expedient that a similar Remedy should be applied Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Pro- Provisions of visions of the said Acts, with respect to Offenders charged as in recited Acts to the said Acts is mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to extend extend to Of-to all Cases of Offenders charged in any Indictment with Forgery, or obtaining Money by False Tokens or Pretences, and that in orSei7> such Indictments it shall be sufficient to allege and aver that the Act was done with Intent to defraud any one or more of any Partners, Coadventurers, Trustees, Commissioners, Feoffees, Governors or Directors, or any one by Name of any Body Corporate; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS the Settlement of the Poor has been made, in ' V t some Instances, to depend upon the annual Value of Tenements which they may have rented, or upon the annual Va-6 lue of Tenements in virtue of which they have paid Parochial ' Rates: And Whereas the ascertaining such Value, in such respective Cases, has given rise to very expensive Litigation: And ' Whereas doubts have been entertained, whether an Act made ' in the Fifty ninth Year of King George the Third, intituled An 59 G.3. c. 50, c Act to amend the Laws respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as \far as regards renting Tenements, has been effectual for the ' Purpose of altering the Law in respect of the Necessity of ' proving the annual Value of Tenements so rented; and it is expedient that further Provision be made relating thereto Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Settlement of the Poor, so far as 7'egards renting Tenements, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That what shall be" no Person shall acquire a Settlement in any Parish or Township deemed acquit-maintaining its own Poor, b}^ or by Reason of settling upon, rent- nig a Settling or paying Parochial Rates for any Tenement, not being his or ment* her own Property, unless such Tenement shall consist of a separate and distinct Dwelling House or Building, or of Land, or of both, bona fide rented by such Person, in such Parish or Town- / / /

ship, at and for the Sum of Ten Pounds a Year at the least for the Term of One whole Year; nor unless such House or Building, or Land, shall be occupied under such Yearly Hiring, 'f and the Rent for the same, to the Amount of Ten Pounds, actually paid, for the Term of One whole Year at the least: Provided

C. 57, 58.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

__^vided always, That it shall not be necessary to prove the actual

of suc^ Tenement; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or any m, q. Construction of or Implication from any Act or Acts, or any

" Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and on Spirits, made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the newlmperial Standard Gallon.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the

§ 6. ' »V Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining and es-

tablishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, it is enacted,

that from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five the Standard Measure of Capacity, as ' well for Liquids as for dry Goods not measured by heaped Measure, shall be the Gallon therein described and declared to be

the Imperial Standard Gallon, being in Bulk equal to Two hun-c dred and seventy seven Cubic Inches and Two hundred and

seventy four One thousandth Parts of a Cubic Inch; and after

reciting that the Measures by which the Rates and Duties of

Excise have been heretofore collected, being different from the Gallon Measure directed by the said Act to be universally ' used, the Alteration of such Measure may, without due Care £ had therein, greatly affect His Majesty's Revenue, and tend to

§ 20. the diminishing of the same, it is further enacted, that accurate

Tables shall be prepared and published, under the Direction £ of the Commissioners of the Treasury, in order that the several ' Rates and Duties of Excise may be adjusted and made payable (according to the respective Quantities of the legal Standards

directed by the said Act to be universally used; and that from ' and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hun-£ dred and twenty five, and the Publication of such Tables, the ' several Rates and Duties thereafter to be collected shall be col-

lected and taken according to the Calculations in the Tables c. 12. ante, § l. ' to be prepared as aforesaid: And Whereas by another Act made

£ in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to pro-£ long the Time of the Commencement of and to amend the £ aforesaid Act, it is enacted, that the several Clauses contained ' in the said Act, which by the aforesaid Act were directed and £ appointed to commence and take Effect from and after the First c Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall £ commence and take Effect on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and not sooner: And Whereas such Tables as aforesaid, by reason of the Difference between the Measure of the aforesaid Imperial Standard Gallon

and the Measure of the respective Gallons by which the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise for and upon or in £ respect of Beer and Malt, and of Spirits distilled or made in e Scotland and Ireland respectively, are charged or made, would, c by the fractional Amount of precisely equivalent Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks respectively, occasion great inconve-

nience,

6° GEO. IV. C. 58.

285

£ nience, and much impede and confuse the Public Accounts, and ' it is therefore expedient to fix the Rates to be charged, levied,

collected, paid and allowed, for and in respect of the said Du-f ties, Allowances and Drawbacks respectively, by the Imperial ' Standard Gallon, at an even Sum for each respective Duty, Allowance and Drawback, as nearly as the Difference of such c Measures and the respective Rates now payable will admit; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the several Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise payable for and upon or in respect of Beer, Ale or Mum, or of Malt, or of Spirits distilled or made in Scotland or Ireland respectively, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrear thereof, which at that Time shall remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which at any Time before that Day shall have been incurred.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, in lieu and instead of the said Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise respectively by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, allowed and paid the following Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise; that is to say,

BEER DUTIES:

For and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Strong Beer, or Beer above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer, and not being Twopenny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, brewed in Great Britain by any Brewer for Sale, or other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out Beer publicly or privately, Nine Shillings and Ten Pence; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Table Beer, or Beer of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon, brewed in Great Britain by any Brewer for Sale, or other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out Beer publicly or privately, One Shilling and Eleven Pence Halfpenny; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, Four Shillings and One Penny; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Beer brewed or made in Great Britain, in the Proportion of not less than Five such Barrels, or more than Five and a Half of such Barrels, for and from each and every Quarter consisting of Sixty four Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Malt, used in the brewing thereof, under the

Provisions

From Jan. 5, 1826, certain Duties and Drawbacks of Excise now payable to cease.

Other Duties of Excise to be levied in lieu, viz.

Duties on Beer.

286

C. 58.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Allowances on Beer.

Drawbacks on Beer.

Bounty on Strong Beer exported.

Duties on Malt.

Provisions of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Consumption of Beer, Four Shillings and Eleven Pence; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Beer or Mum brought into Great Britain directly from Ireland, Nine Shillings.

ALLOWANCES:

For and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Strong Beer brewed or made in Great Britain, and upon which the Duty pa}^able upon Strong Beer shall be duly charged upon any Brewer of Beer for Sale, not being a Retailer thereof, or selling Beer in any less Quantity at One Time than Four such Gallons and a Half contained in a Cask, there shall be allowed for Waste to every such Brewer, out of the Duty with which he shall be charged for such Strong Beer, Ten Pence; and for and upon the like Quantity respectively of Table Beer, out of the Duty charged in respect thereof, Two Pence.

DRAWBACKS:

For and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Beer brewed or made in Great Britain, or brewed or made in Ireland and brought from thence direct into Great Britain, for which the Duty payable upon Strong Beer shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty Six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Beer brewed or made in Great Britain, for which the Duty on Strong Beer shall be paid, and which shall be duly removed from Great Britain to Ireland, Nine Shillings; for and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Beer brewed or made in Ireland, or brewed or made in Great Britain and removed from thence directly into Ireland, and which shall be duly exported from Ireland to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Five Shillings and Four Pence.

BOUNTY:

For and upon every Barrel of Thirty six Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Strong Beer brewed or made in Great Britain, or brewed or made in Ireland and brought from thence directly into Great Britain, and upon which the Duty payable upon Strong Beer shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, when Barley is at Twenty four Shillings per Quarter or under, One Shilling.

MALT DUTIES:

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Malt made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, (except Malt made for Home Consumption in Scotland

from

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 58.

287

from Bear or Bigg only), or which shall be brought from Scotland into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the full Duty hereby imposed, an Excise Duty of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence; for and upon ever}^ One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Malt which shall be made from Bear or Bigg only in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, One Pound Five Shillings.

ALLOWANCES:

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Allowances. Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Strength, distilled in Scotland or Ireland from Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, after the Rate of Two such Gallons of such Spirits for every Eight Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Barle}^ Malt, or Ten such Gallons and Two Third Parts of another such Gallon of Bear or Bigg Malt, in respect of which Spirits any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland shall be charged with Duty, during the Time that such Distiller shall use Malt only, Five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

DUTY ON SPIRITS MADE IN SCOTLAND OR IRELAND:

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Duty on Spirits Gallon Measure, and so in proportion for any greater or less macle 111 Scot-Quantity of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof, and so land or Ireland, in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, made or distilled in any Part of Scotland or Ireland from any Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, or from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or any Mixture thereof, or from Sugar or from Potatoes, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable, Fourteen Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of 4G.4. c. 94.

£ the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant § 91. c certain Ditties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or c Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for i making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and ' securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits £ without Payment of Duty, it is enacted, that every Distiller licensed under such Act shall from time to time, within Three ' Days after the End of every distilling Period, deliver to the £ proper Officer all the Mashing Permits which shall have been £ granted for Malt used in making the Wort or Wash distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller during such Period; and if the £ Quantity of Malt so used, as appearing by such Permits, shall be less than after the Rate of One Bushel of Malt for every Ten c Gallons of Proof Spirits in respect of which such Distiller became chargeable during such Period, then and in such Case £ every such Distiller shall, for and in respect of every Bushel of ' Malt so appearing to be deficient, forfeit the Sum of Five Shil-c lings: Provided always, that in case any such Distiller shall,

within Six Days after the Expiration of such Period, pay to the proper Collector of Excise a Sum after the Rate of Two

Shillings

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

188 C. 58.

repealed.

4 G.$t c. 4> § 94,

In what Case Collector to deduct from Allowance of 2s» 6d.

Present Duties to be raised and levied as former Duties,

under Commissioners of Excise.

4 Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Malt so deficient,

then such Distiller shall not be proceeded against for such Penalty, and such Sum so paid shall be placed by such Collector to the Account of the Duties payable on Malt: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be and the same is hereby repealed.

4 IY. And Whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, That if the Quantity of Malt appearing by the Account or Return directed by the said Act to be made in that Behalf to have been mashed and used by any Distiller in Scotland or Ireland,

distilling or making Spirits from Malt only, during the Period included in such Account, shall be less than after the Rate of One Bushel of Malt for every Two Gallons of Proof Spirits charged on such Distiller, the Collector shall deduct from the Amount of the Allowance to be made to such Distiller on such Spirits the Sum after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel of Malt which shall be so deficient, and shall place the same to the Account of the Duties on Malt: And Whereas the said Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, to be deducted as aforesaid for every Bushel of Malt which shall be so deficient, will, according to the Provisions of this Act, not be a just Equivalent for the Duty on a Bushel of Malt; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, every such Collector shall be and is hereby authorized to deduct as aforesaid, from such Allowance as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight Pence for every Bushel of Malt which shall be so deficient in any such Account as aforesaid, in lieu of the said Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the said recited Act mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, hereby imposed, shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed, accounted for and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise respectively, hereby repealed, were or might have been raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed, accounted for and paid; and the Persons, Goods or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, or entitled to the said Allowances or Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might have been subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever,

6° GEO. IV. C. 58, 59.

289

ever, committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Dutie s under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall ^cts

and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be in orce' respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise, Allowances and Drawbacks respectively, hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers,

Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Gallon men. Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, tioned in any in all and every Act and Acts of Parliament relating to His Act, taken to Majesty's Revenue of Excise, whenever and for whatever Purpose lFean f

any Gallon Measure is mentioned, it shall be deemed and taken sndard Gal-to be a Gallon, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure; and whenever ion Measure, any other Measure by Name is mentioned, it shall be deemed and taken to be a Measure formed of the usual Number of Gallons, each such Gallon being Imperial Standard Gallon Measure; and that all Duties, Allowances, Drawbacks, Payments, Accounts and Reckonings of or relating thereto, under any Law or Laws of Excise, shall thenceforth be made and kept according to such Imperial Standard Gallon Measure only, or some multiple Part or Proportion thereof; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament thereof to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may be

varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of altered, &c.this Parliament. Session.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to provide for the Extinction of Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens on Lands held a Titre de Fief and d Titre de Cens, in the Province of Lower Canada; and for the gradual Conversion of those Tenures into the Tenure of Free and Common Soccage; and for other Purposes relating to the said Province.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Third Year of 3 G. 4. c. 119. His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the § 31 i Trade of the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, and for ' other Purposes relating to the said Provinces, certain Provisions ' were made for a Change of the Tenure of Lands held in Fief ' and Seigniory, and also for the Change of the Tenure of Lands held at Cens et Rentes, in the Censive of His Majesty, in the £ Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada: And Whereas the said ' Provisions in so far as they relate to the Change of Tenure of ' Lands in Fief and Seigniory, cannot, in the said Province of ' Lower Canada, receive Execution where such Lands or Parts ' thereof have, under Grants of the Seigniors, become the Property of Persons who hold the same d Titre de Fief in Arriere 6 Geo. IV. U ' Fief

290

C. 59.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Persons holding Fiefs or Seigniories may, on Application to His Majesty, and on Surrender of the migrant* ed Parts thereof, obtain a Commutation and Release of Feudal Burthens due to His Majesty thereon.

Such Fief or Seigniory may be regranted to the Proprietor in Free and Common Soe,. cage as in England.

Feudal and Seignioral Rights on granted Parts of Seigniory not affected,

Fief or a Tit re de Cens; and farther Provisions in this Behalf ' is necessary Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirtual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Person or Persons, holding of His Majesty as Proprietor or Proprietors any Fief or Seigniory in the said Province of Lower Canada, and having legally the Power of alienating the same, in which Fief or Seigniory Lands have been granted and are held a Litre de Fief, in Arriere Fief, or a Litre de Cens, shall by Petition to the King, through the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government of the said Province, apply for a Commutation of and Release from the Droit de Quint, the Droit de Relief, or other Feudal Burthens due to His Majesty on such Fief or Seigniory, and shall surrender into the Hands of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, all such Parts and Parcels of such Fief or Seigniory as shall remain and be in his Possession ungranted, and shall not be held as aforesaid a Litre de Fief, in Arriere Fief, or a Litre de Cens, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, or for such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government as aforesaid, in pursuance of His Majesty's Instructions transmitted through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, by and with the Advice of the executive Council of the said Province, to commute the Droit de Quint, the Droit de Relief and all other Feudal Rights and Burthens due to His Majesty upon or in respect of such Fief or Seigniory, for such Sum of Money or Consideration, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to His Majesty, or to such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government as aforesaid, in pursuance of such Instructions, and by and with such Advice as aforesaid, shall appear meet and expedient; and thereupon to release the Person or Persons so applying, his, her and their Heirs and Assigns, and all and every the Lands comprized in such Fief or Seigniory, from the said Droit de Quint, Droit de Relief and all other Feudal Burthens due or to grow due thereupon to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of whatsoever Nature or Kind, for ever; and to cause a fresh Grant to be made to the Person or Persons so applying, of all such Parts and Parcels of such Fief or Seigniory as shall as aforesaid remain and be in his, her or their Possession ungranted, and which shall not be held a Litre de Fief, in Arriere Fief as aforesaid, or a Litre de Cens, to be thenceforward holden in Free and Common Soccage, in like Manner as Lands are now holden in Free and Common Soccage in that Part of Great Britain called England, without its being necessary for the Validity of such Grant, that any Allotment or Appropriation of Lands for the Support and Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy should be therein made; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such fresh Grant as aforesaid shall be made, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, diminish, alter or in airy Manner or Way affect the Feudal, Seignioral or other Rights of the Seignior or Person in whose

Favour

C. 59.

291

Favour such Grant shall be made, upon and in respect of all and every the Lands held of him a Titre de Cens or d Titre de Fief, in Arriere Fief as aforesaid, making Part of his, her or their Fief or Seigniory, on which a Commutation of the Droit de Quint, or Droit de Relief shall have been obtained as aforesaid; but that all and every such Feudal, Seignioral and other Rights shall continue and remain in full force upon and in respect of such Lands so held d Titre de Fief in Arriere Fif as aforesaid, or d Titre de Cens, and the Proprietors and Plolders of the same> as if such Commutation or Grant had not been made, until a Commutation, Release and Extinguishment thereof shall have been obtained in the Manner hereinafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Seignior or Seigniors, or Person or Persons holding Lands a Titre de Fief vo the said Province of Lower Canada, shall by reason or means of a Commutation with His Majesty, or of a Surrender of his, her or their Fief or Seigniory or any Part thereof, to His Majesty, or by reason or means of a Commutation with his or their immediate superior Lord or Seignior, or otherwise howsoever, have obtained or shall or may hereafter obtain, for himself, herself or themselves, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, from His Majesty, or from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government of the said Province of Lower Canada, or from his, her or their immediate superior Lord or Seignior, a Release from and Extinguishment of the Droit de Quint, or Droit de Relief due and payable by him, her or them, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, for or in respect of Lands so held d Titre de Fief such Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons aforesaid, his, her and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be held and bound, when thereunto required by any of his, her or their Censitaires, or the Persons who now hold or hereafter may hold the said Lands, or any of them, or any Part thereof, d Titre de Fief in Arriere Fief as aforesaid, or d Titre de Cens, to consent to, grant and allow to and in favour of such Censitaire, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, requiring the same, a Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of and from the Droit de Quint and Droit de Relief or Droit de Lods et Ventes, as the Case may be, and all other Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens to wdiich such Censitaire or other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs and Assigns, and his and their Lands so held by him or them, may be subject or liable, to such Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons aforesaid, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, for a just and reasonable Price, Indemnity or Consideration, to be paid for the same, which Price, Indemnity or Consideration, in case the Parties concerned therein shall differ respecting the same, shall be ascertained and fixed by Experts, to be in that Behalf nominated and appointed, according to the due Course of Law in the said Province of Loxuer Canada, regard being had to the Value of the said Lands so held d Titre de Cens, or d Titre de Fief in Arriere Fief as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons holding Lands d Titre de Fief who shall so as aforesaid have obtained a Release of and from the Droit de Quint, or Droit de Relief shall, when thereunto re-

U 2 quired

until a Commutation, &c. thereof obtained as hereinafter provided.

Persons holding Lands in Fief, and obtaining a Commutation, bound to grant like Commutation to those holding under them, if required;

for such Price or Indemnity as shall be fixed by Experts.

Seigniors or others refusing to grant such Commutation, may be im-

292

C. 59.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

pleaded in a Court of Law, and such Commutation maybe awarded by such Court to the Party requiring same, on Payment of the Price or Indemnity.

Commutation having been voluntarily agreed upon or awarded by a

quirecl by any Person or Persons holding any of the said Lands ci Titre de Fief, in Arriere Fief, or by any Censitaire or Censitaires holding any of the said Lands a Titre de Cens as aforesaid, upon the Payment or lawful Tender of the Price, Indemnity or Consideration in that Behalf hereinbefore provided, refuse or neglect to consent to grant and allow to and in favour of such Person or Persons holding such Lands a Titre de Fief in Arriere Fief as aforesaid, or of such Censitaire or Censitaires, a Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of the Droit de Quint and Droit de Relief, or of the Droit de Cens and Droit de Lods et Ventes, as the Case may be, and of all other Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect, to join in the Nomination of Experts, to ascertain and fix the Price, Indemnity or Consideration to be paid for such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment, or shall refuse or neglect to make and execute, to and in favour of such Person or Persons holding such Lands a Titre de Fief, in Arriere Fif&s aforesaid, or of such Censitaire or Censitaires, as the Case may be, an Instrument in Writing, before Two Notaries, or a Notary and Two Witnesses, containing such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons holding such Lands a Titre de Fief, in Arriere Fief as aforesaid, or for such Censitaire or Censitaires, as the Case may be, to implead such Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons as aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of competent Jurisdiction in the said Province of Tomer Canada, for the Purpose of compelling him or them to accept the Price, Indemnity or Consideration hereinbefore provided, to be ascertained and fixed as aforesaid, for the Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of the Droit de Quint and Droit de Relief, or Droit de Cens and Droit de Lods et Ventes, as the Case may be, and of all other Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens required and demanded by such Censitaire or Censitaires, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and to obtain the full and entire Benefit of such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment; and upon the Payment or lawful Tender and Deposit of the Price, Indemnity or Consideration payable by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or such Censitaire or Censitaires, in the Hands of the Prothonotary or Clerk of such Court, for the Use of the said Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons so impleaded as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawdul for the said Court, and the said Court is hereby required, by their Judgment in that Behalf, to award and adjudge to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or to such Censitaire or Censitaires, the Benefit of the said Commutation, Release and Extinguishment, for and in respect of the Lands for which such Payment or Tender and Deposit shall have been made, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment had been voluntarily consented to be granted and allowed by the said Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons so impleaded as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment as aforesaid shall have been voluntarily agreed upon by and between any Seignior or Seigniors, Person or Persons holding Lands a Titre de Fief

who

C. 59.

2 93

who shall have obtained a Release of the Droit de Quint, or Droit de Relief, as aforesaid, and his or their Censitaire or Censitaires, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in and by any written Agreement or Instrument in Writing, executed before Two Notaries, or a Notary and Two Witnesses, and also in all Cases where such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment shall have been declared, awarded and adjudged by any Court of competent Jurisdiction, by their Judgment in that Behalf as aforesaid, in favour of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any Censitaire or Censitaires, against his, her or their Seignior or Seigniors impleaded as aforesaid, all and every Droit de Quint and Droit de Relief Droit de Cens, and Droit de Lads et Ventes, and Mutation Fine of every Description, Droit de Retrait, Censuel and Conventionel, Droit de Banalite, Droit de Corvee, and every Feudal and Seignioral Right and Burthen whatsoever, upon or in respect of the Lands for which such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment shall have been agreed upon, declared, awarded or adjudged as aforesaid, shall, from and after the making of such Agreement or Instrument in Writing, or the rendering of such Judgment as aforesaid, be absolutely and for ever taken away, extinguished and discharged, as well in respect of such Censitaire and Censitaires, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, his, her and their Pleirs and Assigns, as in respect of the said Lands; and the Tenure of the said Lands shall thenceforward be converted into Free and Common Soccage, and the said Lands be held and be taken, and considered to be held in Free and Common Soccage,

Common Soccage in that Part

like Manner as Lands are hoi den in Free and of Great Britain called England; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Arrears of Cens et Rentes, or any Lods et Ventes, or other Feudal or Seignioral Rights or Dues that may have accrued before such Commutation as aforesaid shall have been required by any Censitaire or Censitaires, or in any wise to destroy, alter or affect the Recourse which the Seignior or Seigniors to whom such Arrears, Lods et Ventes or Rights, shall be due, might lawfully have had or taken for the Recovery of the same, if such Commutation had not been made.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where such Application for a Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of Feudal or Seignioral Rights, Dues or Burthens,

Court of Law, all Feudal Rights and Burthens to cease upon Lands for which same shall be granted;

and Tenure converted to Free and Common Soccage, as in England.

No Discharge of Arrears.

Persons applying for Commutation

to Mortgagees and others having Claims on such Lands.

shall be made in respect of Lands held either immediately of the S!ye Public Crown, or as an Arriere Lief as aforesaid, public Notice thereof ^entioned6" shall be given by the Person so applying, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, in the Quebec Gazette, published by Authority, and in Two other Newspapers, published respectively in the Cities of Quebec and Montreal, thereby calling on all Persons who may have or claim to have any present or contingent Right,

Interest, Security, Charge or Incumbrance, either by Mortgage (Hypotheque) general or special, express or implied, or under any other Title, or by any other Means whatsoever, in or upon the 7 ands ih respect of which such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment

294-

C. 59.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Notice, and the Consent of Parties having an Interest, to be previously given.

Lands holden in Free and Common Soccage in Lower Canada to be subject to the Laws of England.

of Feudal and Seignioral Rights, Dues or Burthens shall be so applied for, to signify in Writing, within Three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notification, their Assent to or Dissent from the Surrender, Regrant and Change of Tenure of such Lands, and the Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of the Feudal and Seignioral Dues, Rights and Burthens so applied for; which Consent or Dissent in Writing shall, in case of an Application made by Petition to His Majestjq as hereinbefore mentioned, be lodged within the said last mentioned Period of Three Calendar Months (and Access shall be by all Persons freely had thereto) in the Office of the Executive Council of the said Province; and in the Case where such Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of Feudal and Seigniorial Dues, Rights and Burthens shall be required of a Seignior, for and in respect of Lands holden under him, cL Titre de Fief, in Arriere Fief, such Consent or Dissent in Writing shall be lodged within the said Time (and Access shall be by all Persons freely had thereto) in the Office of the Prothonotary or Clerk of the Superior Court of Original Jurisdiction, holding Civil Pleas in the District where such Lands shall be situate; and provided further, that no such Surrender, Regrant., Change of Tenure or Commutation, Release and Extinguishment of Feudal and Seignioral Dues, Rights and Burthens, shall be good, valid or effectual to any Purpose whatsoever, unless such Notification shall have been previously made, and the Consent of all such Persons having, holding or claiming any Right or Interest, Security, Charge or Incumbrance in or upon the said Lands, shall have been signified and deposited as aforesaid, or until the Person applying for such Commutation, Release or Extinguishment, or Feudal or Seignioral Dues, Rights or Burthens, shall show, to the Satisfaction of Elis Majesty's Executive Council, or of his immediate Superior Lord or Seignior, as the Case may be, that no such Claim hath been made or signified, or that having been made, it hath been satisfied or discharged, or been declared by a Judgment of a competent Court of Law to be unfounded.

VIII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Lands granted in the said Province of Lovoer Canada by His Majesty, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage, shall be held by the Owners thereof, or will subsequently pass to other Persons according to the Rules of Descent and Alienation in force in England, or according to such Rules as were established by the ancient Laws of the said Province, for the Descent and Alienation of Land situate therein Be it therefore declared and enacted, That all Lands within the said Province of Lovoer Canada, which have heretofore been granted by His Majesty, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, to any Person or Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage, or which shall or may hereafter be so granted by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to any Person or Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage, may and shall be by such Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns held, granted, bargained, sold, aliened^ conveyed and disposed of, and may and shall pass by Descent, in such Manner and Form, and upon and under such Rules and

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 59. 295

Restrictions, as are by the Law of England established and in force in reference to the Grant, Bargain, Sale, Alienation, Conveyance, Disposal, Descent of Lands holden by the like Tenure therein situate, or to the Dower or rother Rights of Married Women in such Lands, and not otherwise, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province of Lower Canada, from making and enacting any such Laws or Statutes as may be necessary for the better adapting the beforementioned Rules of the Law of England, or any of them, to the local Circumstances and Condition of the said Province of Lower Canada, and the Inhabitants thereof.

IX. And Whereas under and by virtue of a certain Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and in the Islands adjacent; and for reannexing Part of Labrador, and the Islands lying on the said Coast, to the Government of Newfoundland;

and of the Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in Newfoundland, and for other Purposes, the Coast of Labrador, from the River Saint John to Hudsons Streights, and the Island of Anticosti, f and all the Islands adjacent to the said Coast, except the Islands of Madelaine, are annexed to and form Part of the Government of Newfoundland; and it is expedient that certain Parts of the said Coast of Labrador should be reannexed to and form Part of the Province of Lower Canada; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Coast as lies to the westward of a Line to be drawn due North and South from the Bay or Harbour of Ance Sablon, inclusive, as far as the Fifty second Degree of North Latitude, with the Island of Antiscosti, and all other Islands adjacent to such Part as last aforesaid, of the Coast of Labrador, shall be and the same are hereby reannexed to and made a Part of the said Province of Lower Canada, and shall henceforward be subject to the Laws of the said Province, and to none other; and so much of the said recited Acts passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Part of the Coast of Labrador as last aforesaid, and the said Island of Anticosti, \ and other adjacent Islands, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And Whereas it is necessary to enable His Majesty more easily to resume from time to time such uncultivated Lands within the said Province, holden in Free* and Common Soccage,

as now are or hereafter may be liable to Escheat, and become forfeited to His Majesty by reason of the Nonperformance of the Conditions of Settlement and Cultivation, or other Conditions mentioned and contained in the Letters Patent or Grants thereof heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made by His Majesty, either in virtue of this Act or otherwise Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant

Proviso for Power to make Laws of Adaptation.

49 G.S. c. 27.

S G.4. c. 67.

I Sic.

Certain Parts of the Coast of Labrador and adjacent Islands reannexed to Lower Canada.

49 G.3. c. 27.

5 G.4. c. 67. in part repealed.

Court of Escheats may b<e

296

C. 59.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

constituted in Lower Canada to try Forfeitures of uncultivated Lands liable to Escheat to the Crown,

Court how to proceed.

Inquests to be returned.

Proviso as to new Grants of escheated Lands.

Notice of Inquisition to be given.

Governor or Person administering the" Government of the said Province, with the Advice of the Executive Council thereof, to constitute and appoint, by a Commission under the Great Seal of the said Province, One or more Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners of Escheats and Forfeitures of Land within the said Province; which said Commissioner and Commissioners'is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, on Information being made and filed before him or them by the Attorney General or Solicitor General of the said Province, or other Person appointed for that Purpose on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, concerning the Performance or Nonperformance of the Conditions of any Grants or Letters Patent by which any such Land as aforesaid shall at any Time have been held, to inquire on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be duly summoned for that Purpose by the Sheriff, upon a Precept to be issued and directed to him from the Office of the Secretary of the Province, whether the Lands mentioned in the said Information are or shall be liable to Escheat, and be forfeited to His Majesty, by reason of the Nonperformance of any of the Conditions of the respective Grants or Letters Patent thereof; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall proceed in the Cognizance of the Matters aforesaid, as nearly as Circumstances will admit, according to the Rules, Course and Practice of the Law of England in the like Cases, and shall have Power and Authority to summon Witnesses to attend and give Evidence before the said Inquest; and the Testimony, on Oath, of One or more competent Witness or Witnesses, either before the said Inquest, or taken in Writing before a Person or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, and returned and exhibited before the said Inquest, shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Matters alleged in such Information; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall duly return the Inquisitions which he or they shall from time to time [take by virtue of this Act, under his or their Seals, and the Seals of those by whose Oaths he or they shall have taken the same into the Office of the Secretary of the Province within Thirty Days after the taking thereof, and also within the same Time return a Transcript thereof, and of the whole Proceedings relating to the same, into the Supreme Court of Original Jurisdiction holding Civil Pleas in the District in which the Lands and Premises comprised in the Information shall be situate; and thereupon such Lands and Premises as are thereby found to be forfeited to His Majesty for Nonperformance of any of the Conditions on which the same shall have been granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be revested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any former Grant or Letters Patent thereof notwithstanding: Provided always that no new Grant of such Lands shall be made for the Space of One Year from the Date of such Inquisition, except to the Person or Persons holding or claiming the same under the former Letters Patent thereof, or by a lawful Title derived under the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court of Escheats and Forfeitures, to be appointed in like Manner as the said Commissioner or Commissioners, shall, within Fourteen

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 59. 297

Days after the filing of such Information, insert in the Quebec Gazette, published by Authority, a Notice signed by him, and shall, as soon thereafter as may be, cause the same to be posted upon a public Place as near to the Lands mentioned in the said Information as Circumstances will admit, thereby notifying to all Persons interested in such Lands that such Information has been filed for the Purposes aforesaid, and of the Time and Place of holding an Inquest of Office before the said Commissioner or Commissioners, concerning the Matters therein alleged, which Time shall not exceed Four or be less than Two Calendar Months from the publishing of such Notice; and such Notice being so published, ar_d Proof thereof made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, shall be instead of all other Notice, Process, Writ, Summons or other Proceeding whatever, for the Notification and Appearance of the Person or Persons interested in such Lands, and shall conclude all such Persons for ever: Provided that it shall be lawful for all Persons interested in orjentitled to such Lands as are comprised in any Office or Inquisition so made and returned as aforesaid, to traverse the same in the Court into which it shall have been returned within Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof; and the Notice hereinbefore required, and the Inquisition so to be taken in pursuance thereof, shall be deemed sufficient and conclusive Notice to the Traverser, and all others concerned in such Traverse; and such Court shall thereupon hear, try and determine the said Traverse, as nearly as Circumstances will admit, according to the Rules, Course and Practice of the Law of England in the like Cases, and the Judgment of the said Court thereon shall be final.

XII. And Whereas divers Persons within the said Province of Lower Canada hold or claim by Occupancy, Lawful Prescription or Transfer, or by doubtful Titles, divers of the Lands which, in pursuance of the Act of Parliament made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, have been appropriated within the said Province of Lower Canada for the Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy: And Whereas divers Parts of the Lands so appropriated as aforesaid for the Support of a Protestant Clergy, are from time to time required as the Site of Public Buildings and other Works carried on at the public Expence within the said Province:

And Whereas divers Parts of such appropriated Lands as aforesaid, which have not been brought into Cultivation by or for the Benefit of the Protestant Clergy within the said Province, are sometimes required to enable his Majesty to complete the Settlement of other Waste Lands in the immediate Vicinity thereof, but by reason of the said Land being so appropriated as aforesaid, it is impossible, except by the Consent of Parliament, to quiet the Possession of such Persons so claiming the same by such Titles as aforesaid, or to obtain a Surrender and Conve}'ance, or to effect an Exchange of such Parts thereof as may be so required as aforesaid for the public Service, or for the Completion of any such Settlements as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall appear to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Person administering the Government of the said Province, that the Surrender

Parties interested may traverse Inquests.

Limitation of Time and Notide.

Judgment final.

Certain Pafffl of the Clergy Reserves in tlw? said Province

C. 59, 60.

. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

may be surrendered, exchanged and regranted by the Crown for certain public Uses and other Purposes.

render and Cession of any Part of the Lands so appropriated as aforesaid for the Benefit of a Protestant Clergy in the said Province, is necessary for quieting the Titles of any of His Majesty's Subjects to Lands held or claimed by them by Occupancy, lawful Prescription, Transfer, or by doubtful Titles as aforesaid, or is necessary or would be convenient for the carrying on of any Public Buildings or Works, or for the more effectual Settlement of any District or Tract of Land within the said Province, or otherwise, for His Majesty's Service, or for the Benefit of the said Province, or of His Majesty's Subjects therein resident, then, and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop of Quebec for the Time being, on Behalf of the said Protestant Clergy, in Compliance with any Requisition in Writing to him for that Purpose made by such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Person administering the Government of the said Province, and he is hereby required, by a Deed under his Pland and Seal, duly attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to surrender, yield up, and convey to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Lands comprized and described in any such Requisition as aforesaid, in Exchange for other Lands situate in the said Province, of equal Extent and Value, to be by His Majesty appropriated and set apart for the Support and Maintenance of Protestant Clergy therein: and which Deed, so executed by the said Bishop of (Quebec for the Time being, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to vest in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all the Lands therein included and comprised; and such Lands shall and may, by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, be regranted and reconveyed to any other Person or Persons, for quieting their Possession and Titles, or otherwise, as may from time to time be expedient or necessary, without any further Appropriation of Land being thereupon made for the Benefit of a Protestant Clergy.

4 G.4. c, 70.

§ 33.

CAP. LX.

An Act t (Tam end an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court c of Exchequer in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, 1 that from and after the Commencement of that Act there should ' be Two Chief Examiners at the Equity Side of the said Court, ' who should perform the several Duties mentioned and specified for them in the Tables in that Behalf to the said Act annexed;

and that the said Two Examiners should be appointed by the

Chief Baron of the said Court, by Deed to be by him duly ' executed and enrolled in the said Court: And Whereas Two ' Examiners have been accordingly duly appointed by the Chief ' Baron, from among the Four former Examiners of the said ' Court: And Whereas the said Two Examiners so appointed ' have since the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred

and

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 60.

299

and twenty three duly performed all the Duties of their Office;

but it has been found that the Total Amount of Fees received by them, under and according to the Provisions of the said Act,

and the Tables in that Behalf thereto annexed, has been an

inadequate Remuneration to such Examiners for devoting their 6 whole Time to the Execution of the Duties of their said Office: 6 And Whereas it is expedient that further Regulations should be made with respect to such Office, and that an adequate Provision should be made for such Two Examiners, as hereinafter provided; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of Chief Examiners at the Equity Side of the said Court shall be held by the Persons who have been appointed thereto, and by such Persons as shall hereafter be appointed to the said Office, during their good Behaviour therein: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer, upon Complaint duly made, and after full Inquiry into the alleged Grounds thereof, by Affidavit or otherwise, as the said Court shall think fit, to remove the said Examiners, or either of them, or any future Examiner from his Office, for any Offence or Misconduct therein which such Court shall deem deserving of such Punishment; and thereupon such Officer shall cease to hold or be entitled to such Office.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be issued, paid and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, to each of the said Two Chief Examiners at the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, such Sum and Sums of Money as, together with the Fees received and paid, and to be henceforth received and paid to each of them, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, after deducting out of such Fees the Monies paid by the said Examiners respectively to Copying Clerks, and for other necessary official Expences, shall be sufficient to make the yearly Salary and Emoluments of each of the said Two Examiners amount to the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatsoever, commencing from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and shall be paid and payable in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Two Chief Examiners at the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer shall, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, deliver and transmit to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer One or more Account or Accounts, signed with their Names and in their proper Handwriting respectively, wherein they shall, either jointly or severally, as they shall think proper, state all and every Sums and Sum of Money received by them respectively, or by any Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons for their Use, or by or under their Authority, or with their Privity or Permission

respectively,

Examiners to hold Office during good Behaviour, but removable by Court on Complaint, See *

Examiners to receive out of Consolidated Fund sufficient to make up (with Fees) 8001. a Year,

payable

quarterly.

Examiners id deliver to the Court of Exchequer Account of I^'ees received,

300

c. 6o.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and of Monies paid for Official Expences,

and of Monies received.

Accounts examined and certified to Vice Treasurer, by Barons of Exchequer.

Sums requisite to make up Deficiency of 800/. a Year, from Aug. 1, 1823, to April 5, 1825, and 200L quarterly afterwards, to be issued accordingly.

respectively, or for which they or any Person or Persons on their Behalf respectively shall have given Credit, for or on account or by reason of the Fees or pecuniary Profits of, or by or under colour of the said Offices of Chief Examiners at the Equity side of the said Court of Exchequer, and of the Sums from time to time paid by them respectively thereout to Copying Clerks, and for other Official Expences, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, up to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and that within Fourteen days after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and in like Manner within Fourteen Days next after the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Dajr of April, and the Fifth Day of July in each and every Year, such Two Chief Examiners, from time to time for the Time being, shall deliver and transmit to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer a like Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so received in the Quarter of a Year ending on the said Days respectively; and the Barons of the said Court, or any Two of them, shall examine the said Accounts respectively; and such Barons, or any Two of them, shall certify such Amount to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, in such Form as to the said Barons shall seem fit and proper, upon the Examination on the Oaths of each of such Two Chief Examiners of the said Court, and of such Clerk or Clerks or other Persons as shall be produced before the said Barons or any Two of them, by the said Officers or either of them, or as the said Barons shall think fit to examine touching the same; and which Oaths such Barons or any Two of them are hereby authorized and empowered and required to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been received by or payable to the said Two Chief Examiners, in respect of their said Offices, between the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, (after deducting thereout the Sums paid to Copying Clerks, and other necessary Official Expences, as aforesaid), shall be less than what will make the annual Salary or pecuniary Profits of each of the said Two Chief Examiners amount to a Sum at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds a Year to each of such Examiners, the same shall be the Sums to be issued and paid to them respectively, out of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Period between the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five: and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been received or shall have been payable to each of the said Two Chief Examiners, in respect of their said Offices, within the Quarter of a Year ending on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, or within any subsequent Quarter of a Year comprised in any such Account (after deducting thereout the Sums paid for Official Expences, as aforesaid), shall be less than the clear Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each of the said Two Chief Examiners, the

same

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 60.

301

same shall be the Sums to be issued for the Quarter for which such Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the whole of the Salary and pecuniary Profits of each of the said Two Chief Examiners to the Quarterly Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Certificate of the said Barons shall be produced to and entered at the Office of the Vice Treasurer of Ireland; and the Sums payable under or by virtue of such Certificate shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, as if the Sums so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned and set forth in this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall appear, by any Account to be delivered by any Chief Examiner at the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, and by^the Certificate of the Barons of the said Exchequer, or any Two of them, to be made in pursuance of this Act, that the Sums received by or payable to any such Chief Examiner, in any Quarter of a Year ending on such Days as aforesaid, (after deducting thereout the Sums paid to Copying Clerks, and other necessary Official Expences as aforesaid,) shall exceed the clear Sum of Two hundred Pounds, the Examiners who shall deliver in such Account as aforesaid shall, within Seven Days next after the Date of such Certificate, pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland the Amount of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been so received by or payable to him, exceeding such Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which Sums so to be paid shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Two Chief Examiners of the said Court shall employ One Chief or Assistant Clerk to superintend the preparing of all Office Copies, and otherwise to aid in the Discharge of the Duties of their said Office; which Clerks so to be employed, before they shall act as such, shall take and subscribe the Oath in that Behalf directed by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five there shall be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, by such Quarterly Payments as aforesaid, to each of such Examiners, the further annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, as and for the Salary and Remuneration of each such Chief or Assistant Clerk, who shall be so employed as aforesaid, clear of all Deductions.

VII. And Whereas no Power is given by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to the Examiners at the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer, to ' administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses who shall be produced to be examined before them; and it is meet and expedient that such Examiners should be authorized to swear the different Witnesses who may be examined before them, and to administer the necessary Oaths and Affirmations for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any and every Chief Examiner at the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and he and they is and are

hereby

Certificate of Barons to be produced and entered.

Any Excess above 2001. quarterly to be paid by Examiners into Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

100£. a Year out of Consolidated Fund to each Examiner for One Assistant Clerk.

Examiners empowered to administer O.itlis to Witnesses.

302

C. 60, 61.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to swear and take the Affirmation of all and every such Witnesses and Witness as shall be produced or attend before such Examiners respectively to be examined, and to administer the necessary Oaths and Affirmations for that Purpose; and that the Depositions of all and any and every such Witnesses and Witness shall be of the same Force, Validity^ and Effect, and shall and may be filed, used and acted upon as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Witnesses or Witness had been sworn or had affirmed before the said Court of Exchequer, or any of the Barons thereof.

CAP. LXI.

58 G.3. c. 73.

4 G.4. c. 81. § 49.

Officers and others, authorized under the Articles of War

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers; and of the Fourth Year of His present Majest3r, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laxvs for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and to authorize Soldiers and Sailors in the East Indies to send and receive Letters at a reduced Rate of Postage, and by certain Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, Provision is made for the Care and Application of the Effects and Credits of deceased Officers and Soldiers in the said Company's Service: And Whereas the Transmission to Regimental Agents or other Persons of the Effects or Proceeds of Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the said Company, has been found highly beneficial in securing an early Distribution of such Effects among the Relations of such Officers and Soldiers at small Expence, and many Sums are thereby saved to the Relations of Soldiers, which would otherwise be, from their small Amount, wholly lost; and it is therefore expedient to render the Provisions of the said recited Acts,. relating to such Matters, more effectual:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all Officers and Persons who may be employed or required by or under the Authority of any Articles of War in force for the Time being, either for the Officers or Soldiers in the Service of His Majesty, or for the European

Officers

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 61.

303

Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the said Company, to take care of or collect, or superintend and direct the Collection of the Effect of Officers or Soldiers dying in Service out of the United Kingdom, to ask, demand and receive any such Effects, and to commence, prosecute and carry on any Actions or Suits for the Recovery thereof, without taking out any Letters of Administration, either with any Will annexed or otherwise, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Officers or Persons had been appointed Executors, or had taken out Letters of Administration of such Effects; and no Registrar of any Court in the East Indies, or elsewhere in any Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty abroad, shall in any Manner interpose in relation to any such Effects, unless required or authorized so to do by any such Officers or Persons under the Provisions of this Act; any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Effects or Proceeds of Effects, when remitted to any Regimental Agent or other Person, under any Order or Regulation of the Secretary at War in that Behalf or of the Military Secretary to the Government of any of the said Company's Presidencies respectively, shall not, by reason of coming into the Hands of such Agent or Person, be deemed or taken to be Assets or Effects within the Province in which such Agent or Person shall reside, so as to render it necessary that Administration should be taken out in respect thereof in such Province, unless Administration of any other Effects of the Officer or Soldier to whom the Proceeds so remitted shall have belonged shall have been or shall be taken out in such Province; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, in all Cases relating to the Effects of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and for the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency to which the deceased Officer or Soldier shall have belonged, in all Cases relating to the Effects of any European Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said Company, to order that any such Effects or Proceeds of any such Effects shall be remitted to any other Place where the same can be more conveniently paid over to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and the Obedience to any such Orders by any Agent or Person to whose Hands any such Effects shall come, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Agent or Person; and no such Agent or Person shall be liable to any Action or Suit by reason of any such Effects or Proceeds of Effects having been in his Hands, and thereafter transmitted under the Order of the Secretary at War or Military Secretary respectively in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, in the Case of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and for the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency to which the deceased Officer or Soldier shall have belonged, in the Case of any European Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said Company, to order or direct the Payment of any Charges or Expences attending or relating to the Illness or Funeral of any such Officer or Soldier, out of any such Effects or Proceeds of Effects, or out of any Arrears of Pay or Half Pay, and that such Charges and Expences, together with all

Regimental

to take care of Effects of Officers and Soldiers, may receive same without taking out Letters of Administration, & c.

Effects remitted to Agents, &c. not deemed Assets so as to render Administration necessary, &c.

Place of Remittance may be changed to suit Persons entitled to Effects.

Agent, &c. indemnified.

Surplus only, after Payment of Funeral Expellees and Debts, Szc. deemed Personal Estate of Deceased.

304 *

C. 61, 62.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Scotch Act,

W.3.

Sum to be deposited with each Prisoner for Aliment.

Aliment paid out of Sum deposited till exhausted.

If no Title to Aliment, Sum deposited to be returned.

Regimental Debts and Military Payments which maybe allowed under the Provisions of an)' Act or Acts of Parliament, or Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, shall be made out of such Effects or Proceeds of Effects, or Arrears of Pay or Half Pay, and the Surplus only, after such Payment, shall be deemed the Personal Estate of the Deceased.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Scottish Parliament, relative to the Aliment of poor Prisoners.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed T V in the First Parliament of King William the Third, intituled Act anent the Aliment of 'poor Prisoners, it was enacted,

that where any Person is made or shall be made Prisoner for a Civil Debt or Cause, and shall be found or become so poor as that he cannot aliment himself, then and in that Case it shall be leisom to the Magistrates of the Burgh where the Prison is to which the said Prisoner is committed, upon the Complaint of the said Prisoner, and his making Faith in their Presence that he hath not wherewith to aliment himself, to intimate the same to the Creditors, One or more, at whose Instance the said Person was committed or is detained, and to require him and them either to provide and give Security for an Aliment to him, not under Three Shillings Scots or Three Pence Sterling per Diem, orj else to consent to his Liberation: And Whereas much Distress is often suffered by such poor Prisoners, from the Want of Support between the Time that they are committed to Prison and the Time when an Aliment is awarded and paid to them pursuant to the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison to which a Prisoner shall be brought to be confined for a Civil Debt, to receive such Prisoner into his Custody or confine him in such Prison, unless the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling shall be deposited in his Hands by the Creditor, Incarcerater or other Person for Behoof of such Creditor, as a Means of and Security for the Aliment of such Prisoner in the Manner herein directed.

II. And be it enacted, in the Event of an Aliment being awarded under the said recited Act, That the Gaoler or other Person in whose Hands the said Sum of Ten Shillings shall have been deposited, shall pay out of the same the Aliment of the said Prisoner, at the same Rate at which Aliment shall subsequently be allowed to such Prisoner, from the Time that he shall have been brought to the Prison to the Time when Aliment shall have been so awarded to him pursuant to the said recited Act, and thereafter until the Sum so deposited shall be exhausted.

III. And be it enacted, That where on Application by any such Prisoner for the Benefit of the said recited Act, it shall be found that he is not entitled to the same, then the whole of the

said

6° GEO. IV. C. 62, 63.

SO 5

said Sum of Ten Shillings by this Act required to be deposited shall forthwith be returned to the Creditor or Person by whom the same shall have been deposited.

IV. And be it enacted, That where any such Prisoner shall not apply for the Benefit of the said recited Act, before the Expiry of Thirty Days from the Day of his Commitment, the said Sum of Ten Shillings shall in like Manner be returned to the Creditor or Person by whom the same shall have been deposited, at the Expiry of the said Thirty Days.

V. And be it enacted, That where an Aliment shall be awarded to any such Prisoner pursuant to the said recited Act, but the said Sum of Ten Shillings shall not be thereby exhausted in the Manner herein directed, (at the Time such Prisoner shall be liberated, so much of the said Sum of Ten Shillings as shall remain unexhausted shall be returned to the Creditor or Person by whom the same shall be deposited.

VI. And be it enacted, That where the Creditor shall consent to the Liberation of any such Prisoner, without Payment of any Part of the Debt for which he shall have been incarcerated, before such Prisoner shall have had reasonable Time to obtain the Benefit of the said recited Act, the said Sum of Ten Shillings shall be returned to the Creditor or Person by whom the same shall have been deposited, after deducting the Amount of the Aliment of such Prisoner during his Confinement, at the lowest Rate at which Aliment is usually modified by the Magistrate of the Burgh.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Prisoner who shall claim the Benefit of the said recited Act shall be bound, when desired, to execute a Disposition omnium bonorum in favour of the Creditor at whose Instance he is incarcerated for Behoof of all his Creditors, the Expence of such Disposition being always defrayed by the Creditor demanding the same; and any such Prisoner refusing to grant such Disposition, after being duly required in Writing so to do, shall not be entitled to Aliment during the Time he shall persist in such Refusal.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty second Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices, and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories; And Whereas another Act was 14 passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provisions for the Re gitlotion of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein; And Whereas it is expedient that some further Provision should be

made for the Regulation of Mills, Manufactories and Buildings

employed in the Preparation and Spinning of Cotton Wool Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by

6 Geo. IV. X and

Where no Application, Deposit to be returned.

Money not exhausted returned.

On Liberation, Sum remaining returned.

Prisoners claiming Benefit of Act to execute Di position in Favour of Creditors.

42 G. 3. c. 73.

59 G.3. c. 66.

C. 63.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Age and Hours of young .Persons working in Cotton Mills and Factories.

Hours of Work on Saturday.

Hour and Time for Breakfast and Dinner.

No Labour during such Times.

Proviso for unavoidable Loss of Time in case of Accidents happening to Engines, &c .;

and of a Want of Water.

Ceilings and Walls to be washed.

Copy of Act hung up in every Manufactory, &c.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, no Person being under the Age of Sixteen Years shall be employed in any Description of Works whatsoever, in spinning Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in the previous Preparation of such Wool, or in cleaning of any Mill, Manufactory or Building, or any Millwork or Machinery therein, for more than Twelve Flours in any One Day, exclusive of the necessary Time for Meals, such Twelve Flours to be between the Hours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock in the Evening.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person under the Age above mentioned shall be worked in any Cotton Mill or Factory more than Nine Hours on a Saturday; such Nine Hours to be completed between the Flours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Half past Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every such Person, in the Course of every Day, not less than Half an Hour to Breakfast, and not less than One Hour for Dinner; such Plalf ITour for Breakfast to be between the Hours of Half past Six of the Clock and Ten of the Clock in the Morning, and such Hour for Dinner to be between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and during such before mentioned Half Hour for Breakfast, and such One Hour for Dinner, no such Person shall be required to perform any Labour or Work of the Nature or Description above mentioned in any such Mill, Manufactory or Building.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time, in any such Mill, Manufactory or Buildings, Time shall be lost in consequence of any Accident happening to the Steam Engine, Water Wheels, or Mill Gearing, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Occupier of any such Mill, Manufactory or Building, to extend the before mentioned Time of daily Labour, after the Rate of One additional Hour in any One Day, until such lost Time shall have been worked up during the Six following Days (Saturday excepted), but no longer.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time in any such Mill, Manufactory or Buildings as are situated upon Streams of Water, Time shall be lost in consequence of the Want of a due Supply or of an Excess of Water, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Occupier of any such Mill, Manufactory or Building, to extend the before mentioned Time of daily Labour after the Rate of Plalf an Hour 'per Day, until such lost Time shall have been made good, but no longer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Ceilings and interior Walls of every such Mill, Manufactory or Building, shall be washed with Quick Lime and Water once in every Year.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in a conspicuous Part of every such Mill, Manufactory or Building, a Copy of this Act, or a full and true Abstract of the Regulations provided hereby, shall be

C. 63.

307

hung up and affixed and signed by the Proprietors, Manager or Overseer of such Mill, Manufactory or Building; and that such Copy or Abstract shall be kept and renewed, so that the same shall be at all Times legible.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier or Foreman of any such Cotton Mill, Manufactory or Building, who shall knowingly act contrary to or offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, or any of the Provisions of the above recited Acts, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor in England, to the Churchwardens in Ireland, and to the Ministers and Elders in Scotland, of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be by them applied in aid of the Poor Rate in England, and for the Benefit of the Poor in Ireland and Scotland of such Parish or Place: Provided always, that no Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds in the Whole shall be levied for any Number of Offences under this Act committed in the same Day in any One Mill or Establishment; and that all Informations for Offences against the said recited Acts or this Act shall be laid within Two Calendar Months subsequent^ to the Offence being committed, and not afterwards: Provided also, that no Person shall be prosecuted for more than One Offence committed on the same Day in any One Mill or Establishment, without the Sanction and Authority of the Justices at Quarter Sessions assembled; and that all Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be levied and recovered in Manner directed b}^ the said first recited Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Proprietor or Occupier of any Mill, Manufactory or Building hereinbefore described, wherein Children under the Age above mentioned, that is to say, Sixteen Years of Age, are or shall be employed in spinning Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in the previous Preparation thereof, shall provide or cause to be provided a Book or Books, to be kept by himself or herself, or by some Person appointed by him or her, for the Entry of the Name of every Child, previous to his or her being employed in any such Mill, Manufactory or Building for the Purpose aforesaid, whom any such Proprietor or Occupier may consider under the Age of Nine Years, together with the Names of the Parents or Guardians of any such Child; and that the Signature of such Parents or Guardians, or One of them, when so entered in the said Book or Books, specifying the Date of such Entry, and that the said Child or Children is or are of or above the Age of Nine Years, shall in all such Cases exempt such Proprietor or Occupier of such Mill, Manufactory or Building from any Prosecution under the Provisions of this Act, in so far as relates to the Penalties imposed on Persons employing Children under the aforesaid Age of Nine Years, for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Proprietor or Master of any Cotton Mill or Factory, or the Father or Son of any such Proprietor or Master, shall act as such Justice under this Act.

Occupier or Foreman of- ] fending.

Penalty. How applied

Limitation of Informations.

No double Prosecution but by Order of Quarter Sessions.

Book kept for registering Entry of Child in the Mill, &c.

Such Book to be a sufficient Voucher of Age of Children employed.

Justices interested not to act.

C. 63.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Justices empowered to summon Witnesses;

f Sic. and to punish Witnesses refusing to give Evidence. Proceedings thereon.

Proviso.

Form of Convictions and Commitment as in Schedule.

No Appeal.

In Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Full Costs.

Recited Acts extended to this Act.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One or more Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Complaint and Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Request in Writing of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses to appear and give Evidence before any Two Justices at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons f; or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as a Witness, and give his or her Evidence before such Justices, touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby authorized (Proof on Oath, which Oath either of such Justices are hereby empowered to administer, in the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons, having been first made before such Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by leaving the same Forty eight Hours before the Time appointed for such Person to appear before such Justices, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person) by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, in the Form and to the Effect of the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to commit such Person so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, or until such Person shall submit himself or herself to be examined, and give his or her Evidence before such Justices as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case such Complaint shall be heard and determined before such Offender shall submit to be examined and give evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case he, she or they shall be imprisoned the full Term of such Commitment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall cause all such Convictions, and the Warrants or Orders for such Commitments, to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Appeal shall be allowed against any Conviction under this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant, such Defendant shall recover his full Costs, for which he shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies,

6° GEO. IV. C. 63, 64.

309

Matters and Things respectively contained in the said hereinbefore recited Acts (save and except such Parts thereof as Exception, are expressly varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act), shall respectively be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had respectively been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of a Commitment of a Person summoned as a Witness.

WHEREAS C. D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before us (naming the Justices uoho issued the Summons), Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County (or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place) of on this Day of at

being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint made on the Oath of (the Informer or Prosecutor) before us against A.B. of having (stating the Offence as laid in the Information), contrary to the Statute made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled (here insert the Title of this Act); And Whereas the said C. D. hath not appeared before us, at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, or offered any reasonable Excuse for his Default (or And Whereas the said C.D. having appeared before us, at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a Witness and give his Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to do) therefore we, the said Justices, do hereby in pursuance of the Statute, commit the said C. D. to the (describing the Prison), there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for his Contempt aforesaid, until he shall submit himself to be examined and give his Evidence before us touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law; and you the (Constable or other Peace Offcer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed), are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C. D. and him safely to convey to the said Prison, and him there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof, who is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him safeJy to detain and keep, pursuant to this Commitment. Given under our Elands, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord

[This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.]

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to alter for One Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Duty on Wheat the Produce of the British Possessions in North America.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Wheat the Produce of and

imported from the British Possessions in North America, on

X 3 'the

310

C. 64, 65.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Prohibitions on Importation of Wheat, of the British Possessions in North America, and Duties under 55 G.3. c. 26 .; and 3 G.4. c. 60. &c. suspended.

New Importation Duty instead of former Duties.

Regulations observed on Importation of such Wheat.

the Payment of a certain Duty Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for One Year from and after the passing of this Act, and further until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, all Prohibitions and Restrictions upon the Importation of Wheat the Produce of, and imported from the British Possessions in North America, and all Duties payable on the Importation of such Wheat under an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws now m force for regulating the Importation of Corn; and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn; or any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be and are hereby suspended; and that for One Year from and after the passing of this Act, and further until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any Wheat, the Produce of and imported from the British Possessions in North America, shall and may be imported into the United Kingdom, whatever the Average Prices of British Wheat may be, any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding; and that from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of all former Duties payable on such Wheat, there shall be levied and paid, during the Period aforesaid, upon the Importation of any such Wheat, the Sum of Five Shillings for every Quarter thereof.

[See Cap. 111. § 19.post.']

II. And be it further enacted, That no Wheat shall be shipped from any Port in the British Possessions in North America, until the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall have made Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Shipment, that such Wheat was the Produce of some British Possession in North America, naming the same; and that before any Wheat shall be entered in the United Kingdom as being the Produce of the British Possessions in North America, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall produce a Copy of the Deposition made, signed by the Collector or Comptroller before whom it was made, at the Port of Shipment, and make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Importation, that the Wheat is the same that was sworn to in the Deposition he produces: Provided always, that this Oath shall not be required in respect to any Wheat which shall have been shipped within Three Months after the passing of this Act. '

CAP. LXV,

An Act to allow, until the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Entry of Warehoused Corn, Grain and Wheaten Flour for Flome Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit for a limited Time ' the Entry for Home Consumption of certain Warehoused £ Corn, Grain and Wheaten Flour, upon Payment of Duties lower £ than those now payable by Law Be it therefore enacted by

the

6° GEO. IV. C. 65.

311

the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor of any Foreign Corn or Grain, or of any Wheaten Flour, (such Corn or Grain, or Flour, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America,) which was secured in Warehouse at any Time before the Thirteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and for the Importer or Proprietor of any Wheaten Flour warehoused under the Authority of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to permit Flour to be substituted for Foreign Wheat secured in Warehouses, and which shall be and remain in Warehouse at the Time of the passing of this Act, to take any such Corn or Flour or any Part thereof out of Warehouse, and to enter the same for Home Consumption, at the Times and in the Proportion following, and subject to the Payment of the several Duties hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, any Quantity of such Corn, Grain or Flour (not exceeding One Half Part of the whole Quantity warehoused belonging to any such Importer or Proprietor respectively), at any Time between the Fifteenth Day of June and the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and the Remainder, being the other Half of such Corn, Grain or Flour warehoused at the Time of the passing of this Act, belonging to any such Importer or Proprietor respectively, at any Time between the said Fifteenth Day of July and the Fifteenth Day of August next following; any Thing contained in an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Lotus notu in force for regulating the Importation of Corn, or in an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laivs relating to the Importation of Corn, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry for Home Consumption of any such Corn or Grain, or Flour, under this Act, and before the same shall be taken out of Warehouse, within the respective Times and in the respective Proportions hereinbefore mentioned, there shall be levied and paid upon all such Corn or Grain, and Flour, the several and respective Duties hereinafter mentioned, and no other or greater Duties, in lieu and instead of all Duties payable on such Corn or Grain, or Flour, under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say, for every Quarter of Wheat, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Quarter of Rye, Pease or Beans, the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence; for every Quarter of Barley, Bear or Bigg, the Sum of Five Shillings; for every Quarter of Oats, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Hundred Weight of Wheaten Flour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Ten Pence.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Warehoused Corn or Grain, or Flour, or any Part thereof, shall be admitted to Entry for Flome Consumption, nor shall be taken out of

X 4? Warehouse,

Foreign Corn, &c. herein described warehoused before May IS, 1822, and Wheaten Flour warehoused under 5 G.4. c. 70. may be taken out for Home Consumption at the Times herein mentioned.

notwithstanding 55 G.3. c. 26.

3 G.4. c. 60.

On Entry for, Home Consumption, the following Duties paid;

Duties.

No such Warehoused Corn or Flour to be taken out after

312

August 15, 1825.

Sic.

5&6 Ann. c. 8. Art. 23.

39 & 40 G.3, c. 67.

Art. 4.

.6 Ann. c. 23 *

§ 12.

C. 65, 66. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Warehouse, under the Provisions of this Act, at any Time after the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; nor shall any greater Proportion of the respective Quantities of such Corn, Grain or Flour than One Half Part of the Whole of such Quantities warehoused at the Time of the passing of this Act, tof be so entered or taken out of the Warehouse within either of the Periods hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. LXVL

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act

to make further Provision for- electing and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to seive in Parliament, so far as relates to the Trial of Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act 4for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, it is enacted, that all Peers of Scotland should be Peers of Great Britain, and should, as such, be tried as Peers of England were tried antecedent to such Union: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is enacted, that all Peers of Ireland should be Peers of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and should, as such, be tried in the same Manner as Peers of Great Britain were tried antecedent to such Union (except as therein is excepted): And Whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to make further Provision for electing and Summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, it is provided, that for the Trial of any Peer who may have committed the Crimes therein mentioned, in Scotland, a Commission may issue under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

directed to Persons to be therein named, constituting them Justices, to enquire by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of such County or Counties as may be named therein, of all Treasons, Misprisions of Treason, Murders and other Felonies ' committed in such County by a Peer or Peers of Great Britain,

which Inquisition shall be taken and proceeded upon in the same Method as any Inquisition found before Justices of Oyer and Terminer in England, whereby any Peer is indicted for any such Offence: And Whereas Doubts are entertained in regard to the true Import of said Provision, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Act passed

4 in

6° GEO. IV. C. 66.

313

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne should be explained and amended Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Crimes on account of which a Commission in Terms of the said last mentioned Act may issue, and of which such Commission may enquire, when committed in Scotland by any Peer or Peers, shall be, All Treasons, Misprisions of Treason, Murders and other Crimes which infer a Capital Punishment by the Law of Scotland; and all Felonies and other Crimes, for which, if committed in England, a Peer of the United Kingdom would be tried by his Peers: And it shall not be lawful for the Court of Justiciary, or any other Court in Scotland, to take Cognizance of any of the aforesaid Crimes; but such Courts shall and may try all other Crimes committed by Peers in Scotland, if otherwise competent to try such Crimes by the Law of Scotland.

II. And be it enacted and declared, That the Indictment to be presented to the good and lawful Men under the Commission described in the said Act of Queen Anne, shall in all respects be such as is competent in the Court of Justiciary according to the Law and Practice of Scotland, excepting only that no Notice shall be therein taken of the Court before which the Peer accused is to be tried.

III. And be it enacted and declared, That when such Indictment shall have been found by good and lawful Men under such Commission as aforesaid, a Copy of the said Indictment, having annexed to it a List of all the Witnesses by whom the same is to be proved, shall be delivered to the Peer accused, in Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, at least Fifteen free Days previous to the Commencement of the Trial of the said Peer on such Indictment; and all Writings and Articles libelled on, shall be lodged in the Office of the Clerk of the Parliaments, in due Time previous to the Commencement of any such Trial as aforesaid, so as the Peer accused may have an Opportunity of seeing the same.

IV. And be it enacted and declared, That when an Indictment shall be found by good and lawful Men, under such Commission as aforesaid, then upon the Application of the Prosecutor, or of the Peer against whom the same may have been found, to the Lord High Chancellor, or Keeper of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom or Commissioners for the keeping of the said Great Seal, for the Time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall award His Majesty's Writ of Certiorari, under the Great Seal, directed to the Justices acting under the Commission aforesaid, commanding them or any of them to certify such Indictment into thp High Court of Parliament, or Court of the Lord High Steward; and it shall be competent to adopt the same Means for bringing forward such Indictment to Trial, and for securing the Attendance of the Peer accused at the first and all subsequent Sittings of the said Court, as would be lawful in the Case of an Indictment having been found against a Peer for a Crime committed in England, and returned into the High Court of Parliament or Court of the said Lord High Steward.

Crimes on account of which a Commission may issue, pursuant to 6 Ann. c. 23. described.

Provision as to Indictment.

Copy of Indictment with List of Witnesses served, Writings and Articles libelled on lodged with Clerk of Parliament.

When Indictment found, Writ of Certiorari to issue' to certify the same to High Court of Parliament, &£<

C. 66.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

The Law of Scotland to be observed.

Form of Proceeding.

Provision for Attendance and placing of the Scotch Judges.

Proviso where Indictment found not relevant *

Proviso for a Bail.

V. And be it enacted and declared, That the Relevancy of the Indictment, the Evidence in support of it, and the Proof in exculpation of the Accused, together with the Punishment to be awarded, and the Power of the Prosecutor to restrict the Pains of Law, and every other Point involving Matter of Law, shall be judged of in the High Court of Parliament, and in the Court of the Lord High Steward, according to the Law oi. Scotland; and the same Forms of Proceeding, in so far as may be, shall be observed on occasion of such Trials, as are established by the Law and Practice of Scotland, and are observed in Trial of Indictments before the High Court of Justiciary.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Lord President of the Court of Session in Scotlandr, the Lord Justice Clerk, and any other Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, shall, when summoned by His Majesty, attend on occasion of the Trial of any such Indictment before the High Court of Parliament, or Court of the Lord High Steward; and such Judges shall be received and placed in the said Courts respectively, with the Judges of England, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, the Lord President of the Court of Session in Scotland and the Lord Justice Clerk shall sit and be placed after the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in England, and the other Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland' shall sit and be placed after the other Judges of His Majesty's several Courts in Westminster Hall, according to their Order.

VII. And be it enacted and declared, That in the Event of the Indictment being found not relevant, or otherwise dismissed by the High Court of Parliament, or b}^ the Court of the Lord High Steward, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Courts respectively, on Application by the Prosecutor to that effect, to grant Warrant to commit such Peer to Prison, until liberated in due Course of Law; or if they shall see Cause, it shall and may be lawful to admit him to Bail, under such Penalty as they may deem proper, to appear and answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against him within Six Months thereafter, for the Crime or Crimes with which such Peer stood charged in Scotland at the Time when Proceedings before the Commission commenced as aforesaid; or such Peer may be otherwise dealt with, as the said Court may respectively determine: Provided always, that such Peer shall be entitled to his Liberation from Prison without Bail, if an Indictment shall not be found against him as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, and served upon such Peer within the Space of Thirty Days from the Date of such Warrant of Commitment.

VIII. And be it enacted and declared, That when any Peer charged with a Crime shall be committed to Prison in Scotland till liberated in due Course of Law, he shall be entitled to apply to the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, or to the Sheriff within whose County such Peer may be incarcerated, to be admitted to Bail in Terms of an Act passed in the Scottish Parliament in the Year One thousand seven hundred and one, intituled Act

for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals; and it shall be competent to the said Lords of Justiciary or any One of them, and to the said Sheriff, to cognosce

how

C. 66.

315

how far the Crime with which such Peer is charged is Capital or not, and to modify the Bail in Terms of the said Act, having regard to an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Bail to he given in Cases of Criminal Information in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Provided always, that if the Crime, shall be found to be bailable, the Peer so applying shall find sufficient Caution, in Terms of the said Act, One thousand seven hundred and one, that he shall appear and answer to any Indictment which shall be exhibited against him for the Crime or Offence wherewith he is charged, in any Court competent to try the said Crime, including therein the High Court of Parliament and the Court of the Lord High Steward; and this at any Time within Twelve Months if before the High Court of Parliament or the Court of the Lord High Steward, and Six Months if before any Court in Scotland.

IX. And be it enacted and declared, That when a Peer charged with any of the aforesaid Crimes, competent only to be tried by the High Court of Parliament or Court of the Lord High Steward, shall be detained in Prison in consequence of the said Crime not being bailable, or in consequence of such Peer being unable or unwilling to find the Bail modified as aforesaid, it shall be competent to such Peer to apply for and obtain Letters of Intimation, in Terms of the aforesaid Act, One thousand seven hundred and one, requiring His Majesty's Advocate or Procurator Fiscal or Party appearing by the Warrant to be concerned, to fix a Diet for the Trial of such Peer, within Sixty Days after the Intimation; provided always, that the issuing of such Commission as that provided by the aforesaid Act passed in the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, shall be held equivalent to the fixing a Diet for Trial in Terms of the said Act, One thousand seven hundred and one: And it is hereby provided and enacted, That if such Commission shall not have been issued before the Expiry of the Sixty Days aforesaid, such Peer having so given Intimation as aforesaid, shall be discharged and set at Liberty without Delay, and he shall not be afterwards apprehended on account of the same Crime, unless an Indictment shall have been previously found against him under a Commisson issued in Terms of the aforesaid Act passed in the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne.

X. And be it enacted and declared, That a Peer charged with any of the foresaid Crimes, competent only to be tried before the High Court of Parliament, or the Court of the Lord High Steward, shall not be entitled to any other of the Privileges provided by the said Act passed in the Scottish Parliament in the Year One thousand seven hundred and one, in so far as regards the Liberation of such Peer from Prison, or his Right to force on his Trial, or to have the same prosecuted to a final Sentence.

XL And it is further provided and declared, That if any Person shall represent himself to be a Peer, and shall thereupon be proceeded against in Terms of this Act, and in the Course of such Proceedings it shall be found that such Person is not a Peer, then and in such Case every such Person, after being so found not to be a Peer, shall and may be proceeded against thereafter in such and the same Manner as if such Person had not applied

for

39 G.3. c. 49.

Peers applying for Bail to find Caution according to Act, 1701.

Proviso where Crime not bailable, or where Bail not found.

In what Case Peer accused, discharged.

Peer not entitled to any other Privileges of Act, 1701.

Proviso when Persons on Trial are found not to be Peers;

6° GEO. IV.

316

Act to extend to Peeresses.

How far Act not to extend to Peers of Ireland.

Exception as to Treason.

7 J.l* c. 2 .;

Persons tiatu* ralized or restored in Blood need not receive the Sacrament. Proviso as to Persons restored in Blood taking the Oaths *

C. 66, 67.

A.D. 1825.

for Letters of Intimation under the said Act passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and one.

XII. And be it enacted and declared, That the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Peeresses in their own Right, to all Wives of Peers, and to all Widows of Peers not married to Commoners, who shall commit Crimes in Scotland.

XIII. And be it enacted and declared, That the Provisions of this Act shall not apply to any Peer of Ireland, being a Member of the House of Commons, so long as such Peer shall continue to be a Member of that House of Parliament.

XIV. And be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein provided shall alter or affect any Act passed or Law in force in regard to the Trial of Peers for the Crimes of Pligh Treason or Misprision of Treason.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act that all such as are to he naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled ' An Act that all such as are to he naturalized or restored in ' Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy: And Whereas ' it is expedient that the said recited Act should be altered and

amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not henceforth be necessary for any Person who is to be naturalized or restored in Blood to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, as directed by the said Act,

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the House of Parliament, in which a Bill shall originate for restoring any Person in Blood, that the Person intended by such Bill to be so restored in Blood is unable from Sickness or Bodily Infirmity, or other sufficient Cause, to take the Oaths of Supremacy and of Allegiance in the Parliament House, before his or her Bill shall be Twice read, as directed by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for such House of Parliament to receive in lieu thereof sufficient Proof, before any such Bill shall be Twice read, that the said Oaths have been taken within One Year before a Justice of the Peace or Mayor or other Chief Magistrate in any County or City or Town in Great Britain or Ireland, or before One of His Majesty's Judges or Justices in any of His Majesty's Courts of Judicature in the Colonies or Foreign Possessions of His Majesty.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 68. 317

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by Packet Boats between Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Colonies, and also in the United Kingdom.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Conveyance of YV printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed 6 Newspapers, by Packet Boats, between Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Colonies:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to receive printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and also printed Newspapers, or other printed Papers liable to the Stamp Duties, and duly stamped for Conveyance by Packet Boats from Great Britain and Ireland to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas; and for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Conveyance of every such printed Vote, Proceeding or Paper as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny; the said Sum of One Penny Halfpenny to be paid when the said printed Votes, Proceedings and printed Papers shall be put into the Post Office, provided the same be sent without a Cover, or in Covers open at the Sides; and provided every printed Newspaper or other printed Paper liable to the Stamp Duty be put into the Post Office in any Town or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, on the Day on which the same shall be published, such Day to be ascertained by the Date of the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies in His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas, to receive Newspapers printed within such Colonies or Possessions for Conveyance by Packet Boats to Great Britain and Ireland; and for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his Deputy and Deputies in Great Britain and Ireland, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Conveyance of every such Paper as aforesaid, the Sum of Three Pence, to be paid on the Delivery thereof to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be addressed, provided every such Paper be sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, or any of the Officers employed under him respectively, to examine and search any Packet

sent

From Oct. 10, 1825, Votes and other Parliamentary Proceedings, and Newspapers, to be conveyed to the British Colonies, on Payment of ] \d. when put into the Post Office.

Newspapers printed in the Colonies may be conveyed to G.B. and Ireland, on Payment of 3d. by Person to whom addressed.

If writing or other Thing found inclosed. Packet charged

S18

C. 68.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Treble Postage of a Letter, t Sic,

T n what case Newspaper charged with Postage of single Letter.

Not stamped, stopped and sent back.

Sunday Newspapers may be put in on ensuing Day.

Postmaster General to make Regulations as to Delivery.

Persons not obliged to send such Papers through the Post Office.

Powers of Acts relating to Post Office extended to this Act.

sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, in order to discover whether any other Paper or Thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Papers as isf hereby permitted to be sent at the Rates aforesaid, and in order to discover whether the printed Newspapers or other printed Papers sent from Great Britain or Ireland, and liable to the Stamp Duties, shall have been duly stamped; and in case any such other Paper or Thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any Writing, other than the Superscription upon such printed Paper, or upon the Cover containing the same, the whole of such Packet shall be charged with Treble the Postage of a Letter; and in case any Newspaper or other printed Paper sent from Great Britain or Ireland, and liable to the Stamp Duties, shall not have been put into a Post Office on the Day on which it shall appear by the Date thereof to have been published, it shall be charged with a Rate of Postage equal to that of a Single Letter sent by the Post to the Place to wdhch such printed Newspaper shall be addressed; and in case any such Newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such Officer is hereby required to stop the same, and send it to the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, either at London or Dublin, as the Case may be.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with a greater Rate of Postage than One Penny Plalfpenny any Newspaper which shall be published in Great Britain or Ireland on a Sunday, provided such Newspaper shall be put into the Post Office, or into any Receiving Office appointed by the Postmaster General, in the Course of the ensuing Day.

V. And be it further enacted, That all printed Papers to be conveyed under the Provisions of this Act shall be delivered to the Postmaster General, or his Deputy or Deputies, at such Hours in the Day and under all such Regulations as the Postmaster General for the Time being shall in his Discretion from time to time appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to oblige any Person or Persons to send any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers to or from the British Colonies or Possessions through His Majesty's Post Office; but that it shall and may be lawful for all Persons to send printed Votes, Proceedings and printed Newspapers to and from such Colonies and Possessions in any Manner they may find practicable and convenient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of this Act relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Convej^ance of Letters or Packets, and not repealed or altered by this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force and be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby-granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

C. 68.

319

6° GEO. IV.

the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the several Rates and Duties as aforesaid, except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expence as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the same, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, reciting that forasmuch as it had been usual for the Clerks in the Offices of ITis Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and also for certain Officers in the Office of His Majesty's Postmaster General, to frank printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, to be sent by the Post, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for such Clerks and Officers as aforesaid, being thereunto licensed by His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or His Majesty's Postmaster General respectively, to continue to frank such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, in such Manner as they had theretofore been accustomed to frank the same: And Whereas the Emoluments arising from the Privilege of franking Newspapers to the Colonies, now enjoyed by certain Officers in the Office of His Majesty's Postmaster General, by virtue of the said in part recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third and the Powers therein contained, will be reduced by the Operation and Effect of this Act:

And Whereas it is just and reasonable that a Compensation should be made to the said Officers as a Recompence for the Loss of such Privileges; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or an}^ Three of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to authorize and direct the Postmaster General to make such Compensation to the said Officers as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, which Compensation shall be charged upon and payable out of the Revenue of the General Post Office.

X. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons; it was amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for every Member of both Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and certain Clerks of the Two Houses of Parliament therein particularly mentioned, to send by the Post within the said United Kingdom any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, or printed

4 Newspapers

Monies arising by Postage carried to Consolidated Fund.

4 G.3. c. 24.

§d.

Compensation to Officers in Post Office having Privilege of franking Papers to the Colonies.

42 G.3. c. 63.

§ io.

320

C. 68, 69.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

repealed.

Limitation of Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

5 G.4. c. 84. § 13.

Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, so as the same be sent without Covers or in Covers open at the Sides, which should be signed on the Outside thereof by the Hand of any c Member of Parliament, or either of the said respective Clerks, £ in such Manner as had been theretofore practised; and also, ' that it should be lawful to and for each and every Member of ' both the said Two Houses of Parliament, and for each and every of the said respective Clerks, to authorize printed Votes, ' Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, to be sent

by the Post free from the Duty of Postage, addressed to him ' at such Place and Places within the said United Kingdom as he £ should have previously given Notice in Writing to the Post-c master General either at London or Dublin: And Whereas it c is expedient that certain Parts of the said last mentioned Act ' should be repealed Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last mentioned Act as requires that Newspapers, to be sent by the Post free from the Duty of Postage, should be signed on the Outside thereof by the Hand of any Member of Parliament or the respective Clerks of the Two Houses of Parliament, and that Newspapers should be addressed to any such Member or any such Clerk at such Place and Places within the said United Kingdom as he shall have previously given Notice in Writing to the Postmaster General either at London or Dublin, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies: and better regulating the Powers of Justices of the Peace in New South Wales.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain, His Majesty is empowered by Order in Council to declare His Royal Will and Pleasure, that Male

6° GEO. IV. C. 69.

321

Offenders convicted in Great Britain, and being under Sentence or Order of Transportation, shall be kept to labour in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of England, to be named in such Order or Orders in Council, and that whenever His Majesty's Will and Pleasure shall be so declared in Council, it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct the Removal and Confinement of any such Male Offender, either at Land, or on board any Vessel to be provided by his Majesty within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in that Part of His Majesty's Dominions which shall be named in such Order in Council: And Whereas it is expedient, for preserving Uniformity of Discipline and Punishment among such Offenders, that they should continue amenable to the Criminal Law of England f Be it therefore enacted bjr the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Offence committed by any Male Offender kept to labour in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of England., under and by virtue of the Provision hereinbefore recited, whether such Offence shall be Treason, Felony or Misdemeanor by the Law of England, shall be an Offence of the same Quality, Degree and Denomination, and shall be attended with the some Punishment and Consequences, *wheresoever such Offence shall be committed by such Male Offender, while so kept to labour as aforesaid, as if the same were committed within England, and shall be tried, heard and determined in the Supreme Criminal Court of the' Colony or Place within whose Jurisdiction respectively the Offence shall have been committed, or under any Commission issued by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend to any Offenders under Sentence of Transportation in New South Wales or Van Diemens Land, or any Islands adjacent thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions which in and by a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto, are vested in the Courts of General and Quarter Sessions, for the taking Cognizance of and punishing all Crimes and Misdemeanors not punishable with Death, committed by any Felons or other Offenders who have been or shall be transported to New South Wales or its Dependencies, and whose Sentences have not expired or been remitted, or for taking Cognizance of Complaints made against any such Felons or Offenders for Drunkenness, Disobedience of Orders, Neglect of Work, absconding or Desertion, abusive Language to their, his or her Employers or Overseers, Insubordination or other turbulent or disorderly Conduct, or for

6 Geo. IV. Y punishing

Offences committed by Male Offenders, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall be attended with the same Punishments as if committed in England.

46 G. 3- c. 54.

Not to extend to New South Wales, &c.

Powers to General and Quarter Sessions by G.4. c. 96. for taking Cognizance of and punishing Crimes not punishable with Death, vested in One or more Justices.

S22

C. 69.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

But Justices not to act where Sessions held within a Week, or Twenty Miles.

Places to be appointed to which Offenders may be transported.

Persons transported to New South Wales, &c. in Execution of Sentence of any Court in His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, shall be subject to such Laws and Regulations as Convicts transported from G.B.

In Actions for executing Act. General Issue.

punishing such Offences, or any of them, shall be and all such Powers, Authorities and Jurisdiction are and is hereby vested in any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said Colony, or in or for any District or County thereof, to be by such Justice or Justices exercised in a summary Way: Provided that no such Justice or Justices shall exercise any such Powers, Authorities or Jurisdiction as aforesaid, in any Case where any Court of General or Quarter Sessions shall be appointed to be held within One Week after the Complaint shall be preferred against any such Offender, at any Place not more than Twenty Miles distant from the Place at which the Offence shah be charged to have been committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders to be by Him from time to time for that Purpose issued, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to appoint, or by any such Order or Orders in Council to authorize the Governors, Lieutenant Governors or other Persons for the Time being administering the Government of any of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, Colonies or Plantations, to appoint the Place or Places within His Majesty's Dominions to which any Offender, convicted in any such Foreign Possession, Colonies or Plantations, and being under Sentence or Order of Transportation, shall be sent or transported; and all such Persons shall, within the Place or Places to which, in pursuance of any such Order or Orders in Council, they shall or may be so sent or transported, be subject and liable to all such and the same Laws, Rules and Regulations as are or shall be in force in any such Place or Places, with respect to Convicts transported from Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have heretofore been transported or sent to New South Wales or Van Diemens Land, or to any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, under or in pursuance or in Execution of any Judgment or Sentence of any Court in any of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, Colonies or Plantations, shall, in New South Wales ox Van Diemen s Land, or such other Part of His Majesty's Dominions as aforesaid, be henceforth subject or liable to all such Laws, Rules and Regulations as are or shall be in force in New South Wales or Van Diemens Land, or such other Part of His Majesty's Dominions as aforesaid, with respect to Convicts transported from Great Britain; and all Officers, Justices of the Peace and other Persons whatsoever, shall be and they are hereby absolutely indemnified of, from and against all Indictments, Informations, Suits, Actions and Demands whatsoever, which shall or may at any Time hereafter be brought or maintained, or which may now be depending against them or any of them, for or in respect of any Act, Matter or Thing by such Officers, Justices of the Peace or others done or performed in enforcing against any such Persons so transported from His Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, the Laws, Rules and Regulations, or any of the Laws, Rules and Regulations in force with respect to Convicts transported from Great Britain; and it shall and maybe lawful to the Defendants in any such Indictments, Informations, Suits or Actions, to plead the General Issue, and to give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon the Trial of any such Issue; and if a Verdict shall be given for any such

Defendant

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 69, 70, 71.

323

Defendant or Defendants in any such Indictments, Informations, Suits or Actions, such Defendant or Defendants shall thereupon he entitled to enter up Judgment, with Double Costs of Suit.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds (a) by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

[22d June 1825.]

f This Act is the same in all respects as Cap. 2. ante, except as to the Sum to he raised.]

(a) For the Appropriation of this Sum, see Cap. 134. §3. post.

CAP. LXXL

An Act to enable PI is Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, for the Purpose of enabling His said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be emVt powered to grant to his_ Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland a certain Annual Payment or Annuity, to enable His Royal Highness to make adequate Provision for the honourable Support and Education of His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland, Son of His said Royal HighnessTherefore we, Your Majest)^s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give and grant, under the Conditions and Limitations hereafter mentioned, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, in such Manner and Form as to His Majesty shall seem fit, until His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland shall shave attained the Age of Eighteen, a certain Annual Payment or Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which said Annual Pa}unent or Annuity shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall be paid quarterly, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say), the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April, in every Year and that the said Annual Payment or Annuity shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Fund called The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland(after paying or reserving sufficient to pay

Double Costs,

Annuity of 6,000£. to the Duke of Cumberland, under certain Limitations.

To be paid quarterly, and chargeable on Consolidated Fund.

324

C. 71, 72.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund); and the said Annual Payment or Annuity shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the said Fund called "The Consolidated Fundand the Auditor of the Debentures said Receipt shall and he is hereby required to make forth and

without Fee. pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annual

Payment or Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquit-Duke's Receipt tances, Receipt or Receipts of His said Ro}^ Highness, or of a Discharge. such other Person or Persons as shall by His said Royal Highness be duly authorized and appointed to receive such Annual Payment or Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Pteceipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, for the Payment of such Annual Payment or Annuity to His said Royal Highness during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other War-Freefrom Taxes rant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that the and other said Annual Payment or Annuity so to be given and granted shall Charges. be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all

other Charges whatsoever.

II. Provided always, that inasmuch as it is highly expedient that His said Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland should be educated within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be it therefore Annuity not enacted, That the said Letters Patent shall contain a Clause or payable when Proviso that the said Annual Payment or Annuity shall not be Prince of Cum- payable or paid at the Exchequer, for or in respect of or during b^cmt^of the an7 Eeri°cl m which His said Highness shall not reside and be Kingdom, un- within the United Kingdom, unless His said Highness shall be less with-Cpn- absent from the United Kingdom with the Licence and Consent sent of His in Writing of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

Majesty.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to

Her Royal Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Duchess of Kent, for the Purpose of enabling Her said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of Pier Highness the Princess Alexandrinci Victoria of Kent.

[22d June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be emv V powered to grant to Her Roj^al Highness Mary Louisa ' Victoria Duchess of Kent, Widow of His late Royal Highness ' the Duke of Kent, a certain Annual Payment, to enable Pier ' Royal Highness to make adequate Provision for the honourable f Support and Education of Her Highness the Princess Alexan-(china Victoria, Daughter of their said Royal Highnesses

Therefore

6° GEO. IV. C. 72, 73.

325

Therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give and grant, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to Her said Royal Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Duchess of Kent, a certain Annual Payment or Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which said Annual Payment or Annuity shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth 'Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall be paid quarterly, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in every Year and that the said Annual Payment or Annuity shall and may be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Fund called "The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pa}^ all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund); and the said Annual Payment or Annuity shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the said Fund called "The Consolidated Fundand the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annual Payment or Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Aquittances, Receipt or Receipts of Her said Royal Highness, or of such other Person or Persons as shall by Her said Royal Highness be duly authorized and appointed to receive such Annual Payment, Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of any such Annual Payment or Annuity to Pier Royal Highness, during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annual Payment or Annuity so to be given and granted shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for further regulating the Trade of His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and for the warehousing of Goods therein.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regu-Y 3 4 late

Annuity of 6000/. to the Duchess of Kent.

To be payable quarterly, and chargeable on Consolidated Fund.

Debentures without Fee.

Duchess's Receipt a Discharge.

Free from Taxes and other Charges.

3 G, 4, cA'l *

§3.

S26

c. is.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SG.4. c. 45.

4 2.

Certain Schedules of Goods and Duties by recited Acts of by G.4. c. 2. repealed;

Exception.

Goods may be imported (Exception) from America, Europe or Africa, dec. $

late the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and 6 other Places in America and the West Indies, whereby it is enacted, that it shall be lawful to import into any of the Ports 6 in His Majesty's said Possessions, enumerated in a Schedule to the said Act annexed (marked A.), and therein denominated Free Ports/' from any Foreign Country on the Continent of No?ih or South America, or from any Foreign Island in the West Indies, the Articles enumerated in another Schedule to the said Act annexed (marked B.), subject nevertheless to the several Duties of Customs set forth in another Schedule to the said Act annexed (marked C.), and that it shall be lawful so to import the same in certain Foreign Ships or Vessels therein mentioned,

as w^ell as in British Ships or Vessels: And Whereas another Act was passed in the said Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and other Parts of the World, whereby it is enacted, that it shall be lawful to import in gny British Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, from any Port in Europe or Africa,

or from Gibraltar, the Island of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, in to any of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations or Islands in America or the West Indies, the Articles enumerated or described in a Schedule thereunto annexed (marked A.), subject nevertheless,

4 on Importation, to certain Duties of Customs set forth in another Schedule thereunto annexed (marked B.): And Whereas it is expedient to permit all Goods (except as hereinafter excepted) to be imported from any of the said Places into any of the said Free Ports, and to charge the same with the like Duties from whichever of the said Places the same may be imported; and also to permit any of such Goods to be so imported in Ships of the Country of which the Goods are the Produce, as well as in British Ships, but to confine all such Importations to the said Free Ports; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Schedules (marked B. and C. respectively) to the first recited Act annexed, and the several Schedules (marked A. and B. respectively) to the second recited Act annexed, and also that all Duties imposed by either of the said Acts, or by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament., for regulating the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and other Parts of the World, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be repealed, and the same are hereby repealed accordingly, except so far as the same relate in any way to the Island of Newfoundland.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall, be lawful to import into any of the said Free Ports, except in Newfoundland, any Goods (except as hereinafter excepted) from any Foreign Place in America or in Europe, or in Asia within the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 73.

327

Mediterranean Sea, and from any Place in Africa, and from G76-raltar, and from the Islands of Malta, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney and &zr/r, provided such Importations be made in British Ships, or in Ships of the Country of which the Goods are the Produce; subject nevertheless to the Powers given to His Majesty by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His Reign, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty under certain Circumstances to regulate the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in Foreign Vessels, and to exempt certain Foreign Vessels from Pilotage, and by another Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Reign, to amend the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to permit the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition or Utensils of War, dried or salted Fish, salted Beef, Pork or Bacon, Whale Oil, Blubber or Fins, Books which1 are prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom, base or counterfeit Coin, or any Goods the Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, into any of His Majesty's Possessions in America or the West Indies nor Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, Mel asses, or Rum of Foreign Production, into any of the said Possessions in South America or the West Indies, or into Newfoundland.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import any Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, Melasses and Rum of Foreign Production, into any of the British Possessions in North America, except Newfoundland, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, Melasses and Rum, (although the same may be of the British Plantations,) having been imported into any of the British Possessions in North America, except Newfoundland, shall, upon subsequent Importation from thence into any of the British Possessions in South America, or the West Indies, or into Newfoundland, or into the United Kingdom, be deemed to be of

Foreign Production, and shall be liable on such Importations respectively to the same Duties or the same Forfeitures as Articles of the like Description, being of Foreign Production, would be liable to, unless the same shall have been warehoused under the Provisions of this Act, and exported from the Warehouse direct to such other British Possession, or to Newfoundland^ or to the United Kingdom, as the Ca, se may be.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, in lieu of the Duties hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Importation of the several Articles enumerated or described in the Schedule of Duties to this Act annexed, into any of the said Possessions in America or the West Indies, except Newfoundland, from any Foreign Place in America, or from Europe, or from Asia within the Mediterranean Sea, or from any Place in Africa, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively set forth in Figures in the said Schedule: Provided always, that no greater Proportion of such Duties shall be charged upon any Article subject also to Duty under any other Act heretofore and still in force, or under any Colonial Law, than the

Y 4 _ Amount

subject to G.4. c. 77. and 5 G.4. c. 1 *

Articles prohibited.

Foreign Coffee, &c. may be imported into British Possessions in North America.

New Duties according to Schedule.

Abating the Amount of pro

vious Duties *

32&

Duties lev ied. Sec. under 3 G.4. c. 44, 45.

Exportation in Ships of Place of Destination. Exception.

Power to prohibit Trade with Countries not granting similar Privileges.

4 G. 4. c. 24. § 13.

repealed.

Ports herein mentioned to be

C. 7S. 6'GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Amount, if any, by which the Duty charged by this Act shall exceed such other Duty or Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act shall be levied, raised, applied and abated under the same Management, and in the same Manner, and by the same Powers and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties imposed by the Two Acts hereinbefore first mentioned would be levied, raised, applied and abated under the Provisions of those Acts respectively, except so far as the same may be altered by this Act. c

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to export from any of the said Free Ports, except in Newfoundland, to any Foreign Country in Europe or Africa, or in Asia within the Mediterranean Sea, in any Ship belonging to such Country, any Goods, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of such Possessions, and any Goods which have been legally imported into the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, Idis Heirs and Successors, by Order in Council, from time to time, when and as often as it shall be judged expedient, to prohibit the Trade and Intercourse authorized by this Act with any Country in Europe having Possessions in America or the West Indies, if it shall appear that the Privileges granted by this Act to Foreign Ships or Vessels are not allowed by such Country to British Ships or Vessels in Trade or Intercourse with the Possessions of such Country in America or the West Indies.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for permitting Goods imported to he secured hi Warehouses or other Places, 'without Payment of Duty on the First Entry thereof as enacts that certain Goods and Merchandize, mentioned in a Schedule (marked B.) to that Act annexed, warehoused under the Provisions of that Act, shall not be exported from the Warehouse to any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Dominion in America or the West Indies, nor be imported into any such British Colony or Plantation, unless and until all Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, payable in Great Britain or "Ireland respectively on such Goods and Merchandize for Home Consumption, shall have been paid, shall be repealed, and the same* is hereby repealed accordingly.

IX. And Whereas it is expedient to constitute and appoint some of the Free Ports in America and the West Indies to be free Warehousing Ports for all Goods which may be legally imported into the said Ports respectively; and it is also expedient to empower His Majesty to constitute and appoint from time to time any other Ports in any of the said British Possessions in America or the West Indies, to be in like Manner free Warehousing Ports for such Goods as may be legally imported into such Ports respectively; (a) and it is therefore necessary to make Regulations for the appointing of proper Warehouses at such Ports, and for the lodging and securing of Goods therein Be it therefore enacted, That the several Ports hereinafter mentioned,

(ia) [&>£ § 19. postk]

(that

6° GEO. IV. C. 73.

329

(that is to say,) Kingston in the Island of Jamaica, Halifax in Nova Scotia, Quebec in Canada, Saint Johns in iVeto jBrunswick, and Bridge Town in the Island of Barbadoes, shall be free Warehousing Ports for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the several Collectors and Controllers of the said Ports respectively, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to appoint from time to time such Warehouses at such Ports respectively as shall be approved of b}r them, for the free warehousing and securing of Goods therein for the Purposes of this Act, and also in such Notice to declare what Sorts of Goods may be so warehoused, and also by like Notice to revoke or alter any such Appointment or Declaration: Provided always, that every such Notice shall be transmitted to the Governor of the Place, and shall be published in such Manner as he shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Importer of any such Goods into the said Ports, to warehouse the same in the 'Warehouses so appointed without Payment of any Duty outlie First Entry thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions hereinafter contained.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Goods so warehoused shall be stowed in such Parts or Divisions of the Warehouse, and in such Manner as the Collector and Controller shall direct; and that the Warehouse shall be locked and secured in such Manner, and shall be opened and visited only at such Times, and in the Presence of such Officers, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Collector and Controller shall direct; and that all such Goods shall, after being landed upon Importation, be carried to the Warehouse, or shall, after being taken out of the Warehouse for Exportation, be carried to be shipped, under such Rules and Regulations as the Collector and Controller shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry of any Goods to be warehoused, the Importer of such Goods, instead of paying down the Duties due thereon, shall give Rond with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector or Controller, in Treble the Duties payable on such Goods, with Condition for the safe depositing of such Goods in the Warehouse mentioned in such Entry, and for the Payment of all Duties due upon such Goods, or for the Exportation thereof, according to the First Account taken of such Goods upon the landing of the same; and with further Condition, that no Part thereof shall be taken out of such Warehouse until cleared from thence, upon due Entry and Payment of Duty, or upon due Entry for Exportation; and with further Condition, that the whole of such Goods shall be so cleared from such Warehouse, and the Duties upon any Deficiency of the Quantity, according to such First Account, shall be paid within Two Years from the Date of the First Entry thereof; and if after such Bond shall have been given, the Goods or any Part thereof shall be sold or disposed of, so that the original Bonder shall be no longer interested in or have Control over the same, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller to admit fresh Security to be given, by the Bond of the new Proprietor, or other Person having Control over such Goods, with his sufficient Sureties, and to cancel the Bond given by the original Bonder of

free Warehousing Ports;

Collectors and Controllers to appoint Warehouses.

Notice,

Goods may be warehoused without Duty,

Stowage of Goods.

Locking and opening Warehouse.

Carrying Goods to and from Warehouse.

Bond upon Entry of Goods to be warehoused.

Purchaser of Goods may give Bond in lieu of original Bond.

330

6° GEO. IV.

Goods entered to be warehoused and not deposited, &c. forfeited.

Account of Goods taken on landing.

No Goods taken out of Warehouse except on Entry, & c.

Duties upon Deficiencies.

Samples may be taken.

Goods may be sorted and repackedi

Whole Packages abandoned.

Goods to be cleared within Two Years, or sold.

C. 73.

A.D. 1825.

such Goods, or to exonerate him to the Extent of the fresh Security so given.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which have been entered to be warehoused shall not be duly carried and deposited in the Warehouse, or shall afterwards be taken out of the Warehouse without due Entry and Clearance, or having been entered and cleared for Exportation from the Warehouse, shall not be duly carried and shipped, or shall afterwards be relanded, except with Permission of the proper Officer of the Customs, such Goods shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry and Landing of any Goods to be warehoused, the proper Officer of the Customs shall take a particular Account of the same, and shall mark the Contents on each Package, and shall enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and no Goods which have been so warehoused shall be taken or delivered from the Warehouse, except upon due Entry, and under Care of the proper Officers for Exportation, or upon due Entry and Payment of Duty for Home Use; and whenever the whole of the Goods warehoused under any Entry shall be cleared from the Warehouse, or whenever further Time shall be granted for any such Goods to remain warehoused, an Account shall be made out of the Quantity upon which the Duties have been paid, and of the Quantity exported, and of the Quantity (to be then ascertained) of the Goods still remaining in the Warehouse, as the Case may be, deducting from the whole the Quantity contained in any whole Packages (if any) which may have been abandoned for the Duties, and if upon such Account there shall in either Case appear to be any Deficiency of the original Quantity, the Duty payable upon the Amount of such Deficiency shall then be paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller, under such Regulations as they shall see fit, to permit moderate Samples to he taken of any Goods so warehoused without Entry and without Payment of Duty, except as the same shall eventually become payable, as on a Deficiency of the original Quantity.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller, under such Regulations as they shall see fit, to permit the Proprietor or other Person having Control over any Goods so warehoused, to sort, separate and pack, and repack any such Goods, and to make such lawful Alterations therein or Arrangements and Assortments thereof, as may be necessary for the Preservation of such Goods, or in order to the Sale, Shipment or legal Disposal of the same; and also to permit any Parts of such Goods so separated to be destroyed, but without Prejudice to the Claim for Duty upon the whole original Quantity of such Goods: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person to abandon any whole Packages to the Officers of the Customs for the Duties, without being liable for any Duty upon the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods which have been so warehoused, shall be duly cleared, either for Exportation or for Home Consumption, within Two Years from the Day of the First Entry thereof; and if any such Goods be not so

cleared

6° GEO. IV. C. 73.

331

r

cleared, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller to cause the same to be sold, and the Produce shall be applied, first to the Payment of the Duties, next of Warehouse Rent and other Charges, and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller to grant further Time for any such Goods to remain warehoused, if they shall see fit so to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry outwards of any Goods to be exported from the Warehouse, the Person entering the same shall give Security by Bond in Treble the Duties of Importation on the Quantity of such Goods, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the Collector or Controller, that the same shall be landed at the Place for which they be entered outwards, or be otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Controller.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council from time to time, to appoint any Port in His Majesty's Possessions in America or the West Indies to be a free Warehousing Port for the Purposes of this Act, and every such Port so appointed by His Majesty shall be a free Warehousing Port under this Act, as if appointed by the same, in as full and ample a Manner in ail respects as any of the Ports hereinbefore mentioned are free "Warehousing Ports appointed by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or affect in any Manner the Regulations of the Trade or Fisheries of Newfoundland, or the Duties or Drawbacks payable or allowable therein under any Act or Acts in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

Further Time.

Bond on Entry for Exportation.

Power to appoint other Free Ports.

Not to affect the Trade or Fisheries of Newfoundland.

Act may be amended, &c. this Session.

SCHEDULE OF DUTIES.

A SCHEDULE OF DUTIES payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of any of the British Possessions in America or the West Indies, or within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, imported into any of the British Possessions in America or the West Indies.

Barrel of Wheat Flour, not weighing more than 196 lbs. net £ s. d.

Weight ---- 0 5 0

For every Hundred Weight of Biscuit or Bread 0 1 6

For every Barrel of Flour or Meal not weighing more than

196 lbs., not made from Wheat - 0 2 6

For every Bushel of Wheat - 0 1 0

For every Bushel of Pease, Beans, Rye, Calavances, Oats,

Barley Or Indian Corn - 0 0 7

Rice; For every lOOlbs. net Weight ... 0 2 6

For every One thousand Shingles not more than Twelve Inches

in Length - 0 7 0

For every One thousand Shingles being more than Twelve

Inches in Length ---- 0 n 0

For every One thousand Red Oak Staves - -

For every One thousand White Oak Staves or Headings For every One thousand Feet of White, Yellow or Pitch Pine Lumber of One Inch thick -

Other kinds of Wood and Lumber, per One thousand Feet For every One thousand Wood Hoops -Horses* Mules, Asses, Neat Cattle, and all other Live Stock, for every One hundred Pounds of the Value Spirits; videlicet, Brandy, Geneva or Cordials, for every Gallon

---- and further, the Amount of any Duty payable for the

Time being on Spirits the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

Wine, imported in Bottles, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

---- and further, for every 100/. of the true and real Value

thereof ----

- — - and for every Dozen of Foreign Quart Bottles in which such Wine may be imported -

---- not in Bottles, for every 100/. of the true and real Value

thereof -

Coffee, Cocoa, Sugar, Melasses and Rum imported into any of the British Possessions in North America; videlicet, Coffee, for every Cvvt.

Cocoa, for every Cwt.

Sugar, for every Cwt.

Melasses, for every Cwt.

Pcum, for every Gallon -

v ---- — and further, the Amount of any Duty payable for the

Time being on Coffee, Cocoa, Sugar, Melasses and Rum respectively, being the Produce of any of the British Possessions in South America or the West Indies.

0

0

1

1

0

10

0

7

7

0

7

0

0

0

0

0

Alabaster -

Anchovies -

Argol _ .

Anniseed »

Amber - -

Almonds -

Brimstone.

Botargo -

Boxwood _ -

Currants - For every 100/. of the true and real

Capers -Cascasoo - -

Cantharides, Value thereof -

Cummin Seed -

Coral - -

Cork - -

Cinnabar - -

Dates -

Essence of Bergamot - -

of Lemon -

- of Roses -

— of Citron - -

s. d.

15 0

12 6

1 0

8 0

5 3

0 0 1 0

7 0 10 0 1 0 10 0

5 0 5 0 5 0 3 0 0 6

10 0

6° GEO. IV. C. 73.

333

£ s. d.

Essence of Orange - -

of Lavender - -

of Rosemary - -

Emery Stone - -

Flax - -

Fruit; videlicet,

dry, preserved in Sugar -

wet, preserved in Brandy -

tigs - -

Gum Arabic -

Mastic - -

Myrrh - -

Sicily - -

Ammoniac - -

Hemp - -

Honey -

Jalap - -

Juniper Berries - -

Incense of Frankincense - -

Lava and Malta Stone for Building -

Lentils - _ -

Manna - _ -

Marble, rough and worked

Mosaic Work - -

Medals - -

Musks - _ For every 100Z. of 1

Maccaroni _ the true and real > 7 10 0

Nuts of all Kinds - - Value thereof -J

Oil of Olives -

of Almonds - -

Opium -

Orris Root _ -

Ostrich Feathers -

Ochres -

Orange Buds and Peel - -

Olives - -

Pickles, in Jars and Bottles - -

Paintings

Pozzolana -

Pitch

Pumice Stone.

Punk - -

Parmesan Cheese -

Pickles - -

Prints - -

Pearls - -

Precious Stones (except Diamonds) -

Quicksilver -

Raisins - -

Rhubarb

Rice -

Sausages - -

Senna -

C. 73.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Scammony Sarsaparilla Saffron -Safflower Sponges -Tar

Turpentine

Vermillion

Vermicelli

Whetstones

Clocks and Watches

Leather Manufactures

Linens

Musical Instruments Wires of all Sorts - Books and Papers -Glass Manufactures Soap

Refined Sugar

For every 100Z. of the true and r Value thereof

. of)

real >

f -J

For every 100Z. of the true and r Value thereof

of)

real >

f -j

For every 100Z. of the true and real Value thereof

n

dJ

-i

Sugar Candy Tobacco, manufactured Coin and Bullion Diamonds

Salt .....

Fruit and Vegetables, fresh -

Herrings, taken and caught by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, and imported direct from thence Any sort of Craft, Food and Victuals, except Spirits, and any sort of Clothing and Implements, or Materials fit and necessary for the British Fisheries in America, imported into the Place at or from which such Fishery is carried on direct from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, being the Produce or Manufacture of such Islands or of the United Kingdom -

Rice and Indian Corn and Lumber, the Produce of any British Possession on the West Coast of Africa, and imported direct from thence

Goods, Wares or Merchandize not being) For every 100Z. of j enumerated or described, nor other- > the true and real > wise charged with Duty by this Act. ) Value thereof -)

s. d.

7 10 0

30 0 0

20 0 0

Duty free.

15 0 0

And if any of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned shall be imported through the United Kingdom (having been warehoused therein and exported from the Warehouse, or the Duties thereon, if there paid, having been drawn back), One tenth of the Duties herein imposed shall be remitted in respect of such Goods.

And if any of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned shall he imported through the United Kingdom (not from the Warehouse), but after all Duties of Importation for Home Use therein shall have been paid thereon in the said United Kingdom, and not drawn back, such Goods shall be free of all Duties herein imposed.

6° GEO. IV. C. 7L

335

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees, who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics or Trustees of unsound Mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics and Per-

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the 7 Ann, c. 19.

Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to enable Infants ivJio are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by xmy of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates: And Where- G.3. c. 16.

as another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person or Persons in Trust, or by Way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales: And Whereas another Act was passed in the 4G.2. c.io.

4 Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics xvho are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives or Terms of Years, in Trust or by xmy of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders or Assignments of such Estates: And Whereas another Act was passed in 1 & 2 G.4.

the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Ma- c. 114.

jesty, intituled An Act for the Conveyance, Surrender and Assignment of Estates in Fee, for Lives or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trusts, or by xmy of Mortgage, in Idiots and Lunatics, not hewing been found such by Inquisition: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the 36 G.3. c. 90.

4 Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty 52 G. 3. c. 32.

second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity,

entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds,

transferrable at the Bank of England: And Whereas another 52 G. 3. c. 158. Act was passed in the same Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in the present Session, for the Relief of Inf ant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities,

4 to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds: And Whereas an- 57 G. 3. c. 39.

other

sons of unsound Mind.

[27th June 1825.]

>36

C. 74.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 15.

repealed.

Exception.

Infant Trustees or Mortgagees empowered to convey by Direction of Court of Chancery or Exchequer, and other Courts herein mentioned.

Trustees or Mortgagees being Idiots or Eunatics, or their Committees, or Persons appointed by virtue of Act, empowered to convey by Direction of Lord Chancellor, &c.

other Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of ' King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend certain £ Provisions of the Acts of the Thirty sixth and Fifty second Years ' of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies: And Whereas another Act was passed in the said First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Transfer of Stocks and Payment of Dividends of Lunatics residing out of England: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts should be consolidated and amended:' Be it therefore enacted b)^ the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save only and except as to such Proceedings under any of such recited Acts respectively as shall have been commenced before the passing of this Act, and which shall and may be continued and proceeded in under the Authority of and according to the Provisions in the said recited Acts respectively, or under the Authority of and according to the Provisions in this Act, as shall be most expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Person or Persons seised or possessed of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, or any Estate or Interest therein, upon any Trust or Trusts, or by way of Mortgage, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, it shall be lawful for such Infant or Infants, by the Direction of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or if such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be situate within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine, of Chester, Lancaster and Durham respectively, or the Principality of Wales, by the Direction of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and the several Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respectively, to convey, release, surrender, assign or otherwise assure such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Property or Estate, or Interest therein, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Courts respectively shall think proper and direct; and every such Conveyance, Release, Surrender, Assignment or Assurance shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, were at the Time of executing the same of the lull Age of Twenty one Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Person or Persons seised or possessed of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, or any Estate or Interest therein, upon any Trust or Trusts, or by Way of Mortgage, shall be Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, it shall be lawful for the Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, or any Person or Persons to be appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the

Great

6° GEO. IV.

337

C 74.

Great Seal of Great Britain, being intrusted by virtue of the King's Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found Lunatic, Idiot or of unsound Mind, to convey, release, surrender, assign or otherwise assure such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Property, or Estate on f Interest, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid respectively, shall think proper and direct; and every such Conveyance, Release, Surrender, Assignment or Assurance shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Person or Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, had been, at the Time of the Execution thereof, of sane Mind, Memory and Understanding, and had by himself, herself or themselves executed the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Person or Persons seised or possessed as aforesaid, being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, shall not have been found such by Inquisition, it shall be lawful for the said f Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, to order or appoint such Person or Persons as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners, shall seem meet, on behalf of the Person or Persons being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind (but not having been found such by Inquisition), to convey, release, surrender, assign or otherwise assure such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Property, or Estate or Interest, as hereinbefore is mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Person or Persons seised or possessed of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, or any Estate or Interest therein, upon any Trust or Trusts, or by way of Mortgage, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or it shall be unknown or uncertain whether he, she or they be living or dead, or such Person or Persons shall refuse to convey or otherwise assure such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Property, or Estate or Interest, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or as he, she or they shall direct, or to a new Trustee or Trustees duly appointed by virtue of some Power or Authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing Trustee or Trustees, as occasion shall require, then and in every or any such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchequer to appoint such Person or Persons as to such Court shall seem meet, on behalf and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons seised or possessed as aforesaid, to convey, surrender, release, assign or otherwise assure the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Property, or Estate or Interest, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper and direct; and every such Conveyance, Release, Surrender, Assignment or Assurance shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons, being out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Courts, or not known to be alive, or

6 Geo. IV. Z having

f Sic.

Lord Chancellor, Sec. before Inquisition, may appoint a Person to convey.

f Sic.

In what Cases Court of Chancery or Exchequer may appoint a Person to convey.

Such Conveyance valid

338

Lord Chancellor, &c. empowered to appoint a Person to transfer Stocks or Funds standing in the Name of a Lunatic Trustee, and receive and pay over the Dividends.

Such Transfer, &c. valid.

Where such Trustees are out of Jurisdiction of Court, or it be uncertain whether they are alive, or they refuse to transfer Stocks or Funds, the Court of Chancery or Exchequer may appoint a Person to transfer them.

C. 74. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

having refused, had by himself, herself or themselves executed the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any other Company or Society established or to be established, shall be standing in the Name of or otherwise vested in any Person or Persons as a Trustee or Trustees, or the legal personal Representative of a Trustee or Trustees, who shall be Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, either alone or jointly with any other Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid (whether such Trustee or Trustees shall or shall not have been found Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind by Inquisition), to order and appoint such Person or Persons as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, on Commissioners shall seem meet, being an Officer of such Company or Society, to transfer or join with the other Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives (if any), in transferring such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, to or into the Name or Names of such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall think proper and direct; and also to order any Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to receive and pay over the Interest, Dividends or annual Produce of such Stocks, Funds, Annuities and Securities, in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall direct; and every such Transfer, Receipt and Payment shall be as valid and effectual as if the Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, had been of sane Mind, Memory and Understanding, and had by himself, herself or themselves transferred, received and paid such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, or Interest, Dividends and annual Produce.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, transferrable as aforesaid, shall be standing in the Name of or otherwise vested in any Person or Persons as a Trustee or Trustees, or the legal personal Representative of a Trustee or Trustees, who shall be out of the Jurisdiction of, or not amenable to the Process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or it shall be unknown or uncertain whether such Person or Persons be living or dead, or such Person or Persons shall refuse to transfer such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, or receive and pay over the Dividends thereof to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or as he, she or they shall direct, or to a New Trustee or Trustees, duly appointed by virtue of some Power or Authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing Trustee or Trustees (as Occasion shall require), then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchequer to appoint such Person or Persons as to the said Court shall seem meet, being an Officer of such Company

or

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 7L

339

or Society, to transfer or join with the other Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives (if any), in transferring such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, to, Or into the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as such Court of Chancery or Exchequer shall think proper and direct, and also to order any Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to receive and pay over the Interest, Dividends or annual Produce of such Stocks, Funds, Annuities and Securities, in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery or Exchequer shall direct; and Such Transfer, every such Transfer, Receipt and Payment, shall be as valid and &c* va1i(h effectual as if the Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, had by himself, herself and themselves transferred, received and paid such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, or Interest, Dividends and annual Produce.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Direction, Order Every Director Appointment to be made in pursuance of this Act, by the tion or Order Court of Chancery or Exchequer, or by any other Court here- Court of inbefore mentioned, or by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper uer^&c!or or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted Lorcl Chan-as aforesaid, shall be signified by an Order to be made upon cellor, &c. un-the Petition of such Person or Persons as hereinafter is mender Authority tioned; (that is to say,) if the same shall relate to a Conveyance or Act, to he or other Assurance or Transfer to any Person or Persons benefi-

cially entitled, then upon the Petition of the Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Securities or Property, or Estate or Interest to be conveyed, assured or transferred; and if the same shall relate to a Conveyance or other Assurance or Transfer, in order to vest any Lands, Rents, Hereditaments, Property, Stocks,

Funds, Annuities or Securities, in a new Trustee or Trustees duly appointed by virtue of some Power or Authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or together with any continuing Trustee or Trustees, then upon the Petition of the Trustee or Trustees in whom the same shall be proposed to be vested, or some or one of them; and if the same shall relate to the Conveyance or other Assurance of an Estate in Mortgage, then upon the Petition of the Person or Persons entitled to the Equity of Redemption thereof, or some or one of the Person or Persons entitled to the Monies thereby secured, or some or one of the Guardian or Guardians of the Person or Persons entitled to such Monies, if an Infant or Infants, or the Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, if Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and infants, Idiots Persons being an Infant or Infants, and all and every Person and Lunatic., their Persons being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, or the Com- Committees, or mittee or Committees of any such Person or Persons, and all and Persons ap-every the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by virtue compelled1 to^ of this Act, shall and may be empowered and compelled, by convey, trans-the Order to be obtained as hereinbefore is mentioned, to make fer, &c. such Conveyance or Conveyances or other Assurance or Assurances, or Transfer or Transfers, Payment or Payments as aforesaid,

in like Manner as Trustees of full Age and of sane Mind, Memory and Understanding, are compellable to convey or otherwise assure or transfer, and pay over their Trust Estates or Funds.

Z 2 X. And

340

C. 74.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 'l 825.

How far Act to extend to Trustees having Interest or having Duty to perform.

Act to extend to Petitions in cases of Charity and Friendly Societies.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions hereinbefore contained shall extend and be construed to extend to Cases in which a Trustee or Trustees may have some beneficial Estate or Interest in the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Property, Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities vested in him, her or them as aforesaid, and also to Cases in which the Trustee or Trustees may have some Duty or Duties to perform, so as to enable Conveyances and other Conveyances and Transfers to be made, in order to vest any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Property, Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities in a new Trustee or Trustees, duly appointed in the Place of such Trustee or Trustees, by virtue of some Power or Authority, or by the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, either alone or jointly with any continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions hereinbefore contained shall extend and be construed to extend to all Cases of Petitions in which the Court of Chancery, or the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Master of the Polls or the Vice Chancellor of England, or the Court of Exchequer, are by Law authorized and empowered to grant Relief and make summary Orders without Suit, either in Matters of Charity, or relative to or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof, or in Matters relative to any Benefit or Friendly Societies, or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, by an Order to be made on the Petition of the Guardian or Guardians, or next Friend of any Infant in whose Name any Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities transferable, or which shall or may hereafter be made transfer-rable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any other Company or Society established or to be established, shall be standing, or in whose Name any Sum or Sums of Money shall be standing in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for paying off any such Fund, Annuity or Security, and who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, to order and direct all or any Part of the Interest, Dividends and annual Produce due or to become due in respect of such Stocks, Funds, Securities or Annuities, or any such Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid to any Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants respectively, or to any other Person or Persons, according to the Discretion of such Courts respectively, to or for the Maintenance and Education, or otherwise for the Use and Benefit of such Infant or Infants, such Guardian or Guardians, or other Person or Persons to whom such Payment shall be directed to be made, Receipt, Sec. of being named in the Order directing such Payment; and the such Guardian, Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge of such Guardian or Guar(' ', l K ' dians, or other Person or Persons so named for such Dividend or Dividends or Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to them, or any Part thereof, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, to and for the said Company or

Persons

Court of Chancery or Exchequer on Petition may order Dividends of Stocks belonging to Infants to be paid to Guardians, &c. for Mainte-

6° GEO. IV. C. 74.

341

Persons paying the same, against such Infant or Infants to whom such Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums of Money, have been or shall be due and belong, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as if such Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge had been actually signed by such Infant or Infants, after he, she or they had actually attained the Age of Twenty one Years, and were capable by Law of signing and giving the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities transferrable as aforesaid, shall be standing in the Name or Names of, or shall be vested in any Person or Persons being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, who shall be beneficially entitled thereto, or any such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities shall be standing in the Name or Names of or otherwise vested in any Person or Persons being Committee or Committees of the Estate of a Person found Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, in Trust for or as Part of his or her Property, and such Committee or Committees shall have died intestate or shall reside out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer or shall himself, herself or themselves become Lunatic or of unsound Mind, or it shall be uncertain or unknown whether such Committee or Committees be living or dead, then and in every or any such Case, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, upon Petition or Motion of the Committee or Committees of the Estates of the Person or Persons being Idiot, Lunatic or of unsound Mind, to appoint and order such Person as to such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall seem meet, being an Officer of such Company or Society, to transfer such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities to or into the Name of any new Committee or Committees or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall think proper and direct; and that such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Securities, transferrable as aforesaid, shall be standing in the Name of, or vested in any Person residing out of England, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, upon Petition and Proof being made to his or their Satisfaction, that such Person ha3 been declared Lunatic or of unsound Mind, and that his or their personal Estate has been vested in a Curator or Curators, or other Person or Persons appointed for the Management thereof, according to the Lafy of the Place where such Person shall reside, to order and appoint such Person, being an Officer of such Company or Society, as to such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall seem meet, to transfer such Stock, Funds, Annuities or Securities, or any Part or Parts thereof, into the Name or Names of any such Curator or Curators, or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid or otherwise; and also to receive and pay over the Interest, Dividends and annual Produce thereof, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord

v Z 3 Keeper

Stock belonging to Lunatic may, in certaii Cases, be ordered by Lord Chancellor, &c. to be transferred.

Where Stocks standing in Names of Persons declared Lunatic, residing out of En£ -land, Lord Chancellor, &c. may direct Transfer and Payment.

C. 74, 75.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

342

Such Transfer, Szc. valid.

"What Persons shall be named in Orders of Court for making Transfers.

Indemnity to the Bank and other Companies.

Costs may be directed to be paid by Lord Chancellor, &c.

Sic.

31 0.3. c. 3I.

§2d.

Keeper or Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid shall think fit and direct; and that such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which Orders shall be made by any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Transfer of Stocks or Funds transferrable at the Bank of England, the Persons to be named in such Orders respectively for making such Transfers shall be the Secretary, Deputy-Secretary or Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, or one of them, except in Cases where one or more of the Trustees, in whose Names such Stocks or Funds shall stand, shall be ordered to transfer the same without the Concurrence of any other or others of such Trustees; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the South Sea Company, the East India Company, and all other Companies and Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts and Tilings done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto; and that such Acts and Things shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, to their Prejudice or Detriment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, may order the Costs, Charges and Expences of and relating to the Petitions, Orders, Appointments, Conveyances or other Assurances and Transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act or any of them, to be paid and raised out of or from the Lands, Tenements and Hereditament's, Stocks, Funds, Annuities and Securities, or the Kents, Issues, Dividends and annual Produce in respect of which the same respectively shall be made in such Manner as the said Court, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioner \ shall think proper.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Canada Company," certain Lands in the Province of Upper Canada, and to invest the said Company with certain Powers and Privileges, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal certain Paris of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, ' it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of each of the said Provinces

4 of

C. 75.

343

of Upper and Lotver Canada respectively, or the Person administenng the Government therein, to make from and out of the Lands of the Crown within such Province, such Allotment and Appropriation of Lands for the Support and Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy within the same, as might bear a due Proportion to the Amount of such Lands within the same, as had at any Time been granted by or under the Authority of His Majesty; and that whenever any Grant of Lands within either of the said Provinces should thereafter be made, by or under the Authority of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, there should at the same Time be made in respect of the same a proportionable Allotment and Appropriation of Lands for the above mentioned Purpose within the Township or Parish to which the Lands so to be granted should appertain or be annexed equal in Value to the Seventh Part of the Lands so granted: And Whereas in pursuance of the said Act such proportionable Allotments and Appropriations of Lands as aforesaid have from time to time been reserved for the Purposes therein mentioned, which Lands are known by the Name of The Clergy Reserves And Whereas the greater Part of the said Clergy [Reserves in the said Province of Upper Canada have ever since continued, and are now waste and unproductive; and it is expedient that Means should be adopted for clearing and cultivating the said Lands, and for that Purpose His Majesty should be authorized to sell and dispose of certain Parts thereof to the Company to be established as here mentioned: And Whereas certain other Lands in the said Province of Upper Canada have been reserved for the Use of His Majesty, and are known in the said Province by the Name of The Crown ReservesAnd Whereas divers Persons have united together to establish a Company for purchasing, improving, settling and disposing of Lands in Upper Canada, and especially for purchasing and settling the Whole of the before mentioned Lands known by the Name of The Crown Reserves," and such Parts of the said Lands known by the Name of The Clergy Reserves," as His Majesty may be so authorized to sell and convey to them, and for such other lawful Purposes as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and the said Persons have, in order to carry such Purposes into effect, subscribed a Capital of One Million Pounds Sterling, upon which the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum has been paid by the several Subscribers; and they have humbly besought His Majesty to grant to them a Charter of Incorporation Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty shall, within Three Years after the passing of this Act, be pleased, by Charter of Incorporation under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland, to declare and grant that such and so many Persons as shall be named therein, and all and every such other Person or Persons as from time to time shall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Canada Company," and to declare that the said Cor-

Z 4 poration

If His Majesty shall grant a Charter, the Canada Company may hold Lands, &c.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

His Majesty may sell to Company one Moiety of the Land called Clergy Reserves.

Proviso for special Grants, &c. of such Lands.

Appropriation of Purchase Money.

Proviso for making other Grants.

Plis Majesty may substitute other Waste Land for the Lands called Clergy Reserves.

C, 75.

poration so to be made and created shall be established for the Purpose hereinbefore mentioned, and for such other lawful Purposes as to His Majesty may seem meet, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation to hold to them an^ their Successors such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments: within the said Provinces, as shall or may be granted by His Majesty to them and their Successors within the said Provinces, or as, subject to the Restrictions hereinafter mentioned, shall be contracted for and purchased or acquired by them therein; and to hold, alienate, sell and dispose of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, upon, under and subject to such Conditions, Provisoes, Limitations and Restrictions, as His Majesty by such His Charter may impose, direct or prescribe.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty shall be, and He is hereby empowered to sell and convey to the said Company and their Successors, in Fee Simple, for such valuable Considerations as shall be agreed upon between His Majesty and the said Company, as He shall deem expedient, and upon such Conditions, and with and subject to such Restrictions, Limitations and Provisoes as His Majesty may be pleased to impose, One equal Half Part, and no more, of the said reserved Lands in the Province of Upper Canada, called "The Clergy Reserves," lying in those Townships of the said Province which on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four were actually laid out in any of the several Districts thereof: Provided always, that the several Portions of the said Clergy Reserves which have been granted or demised to any Person or Persons by any lawful Authority, or which have been occupied under any Licence or Promise made or given by any lawful Authority, or which have been specially appropriated or set apart for any public Purposes, or which have been occupied by any Person or Persons without Disturbance for a Period of Ten Years, shall not, for the Purposes of any such Grant or Conveyance, be considered as forming any Part of the Clergy Reserves, whereof One Moiety may be so sold and conveyed to the said Company as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Purchase Money which shall be paid by the said Company, for the Lands so to be granted to them, in whatever Securities the same may be vested, shall be appropriated exclusively to the Support and Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy, and shall be in the Place of, and remain to the same Uses, and for the same Purposes, to and for which the said Clergy Reserves have by virtue of the above recited Act been allotted and appropriated: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to limit or restrict any other Grant by His Majesty to the said Company, which by His Majesty's Royal Prerogative he is authorized and empowered to make, or to restrict or prevent the said Company from taking, accepting and enjoying the same, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner as His Majesty may be pleased to direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty shall sec fit to set apart and appropriate in the said Province of Upper Canada other-Waste Lands of and belonging to His Majesty, of equal Value with that Part of the said Clergy Reserves which His Majesty is so empowered as aforesaid to sell and convey to the

said

6° GEO. IV. C. 75.

345

said Company, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, and He is hereby empowered by any Order to be by Him for that Purpose made, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to declare, that the Lands so set apart and appropriated shall thenceforward be substituted and exchanged for such last mentioned Part of the said Clergy Reserves; and then and in that Case such substituted Lands shall, from and after the issuing of any such Order, be held, set apart and appropriated upon, for and to such and the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes upon, for and to which the said Clergy Reserves are now held, set apart and appropriated.

XV. And Whereas it may be necessary for the Purpose of raising the Capital for the proposed Undertaking, with a Viqw, £ to the Accomplishment of the beneficial Objects aforesaid, to ' vest in the said Company such Powers and Privileges as cannot £ be granted without the aid of Parliament Be it therefore enacted, That the Shares in the said Undertaking and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be and be deemed Personal Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Company, his or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for, in such Manner as may be directed by Letters Patent, to be granted as aforesaid, during the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Pa}^-ment thereof, together with lawful Interest from the appointed Time of Payment, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so neglecting or refusing, shall absolutely forfeit, all his or their Share or Shares in the said Company, and all Profits and Advantages thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company; and all Shares which shall or may be forfeited shall or may at any Time or Times thereafter be sold at a public Sale, for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and such Share or Shares, forfeited and sold, shall be assigned and transferred to the Purchaser by an Instrument under the Common Seal of the said Company, in the Manner required upon other Transfers; but no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special Meeting of all the said Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Six Calendar Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns from all Liability in respect thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall have been made and become due and payable by virtue of the Provisions which may be introduced for that Purpose in any Charter or Letters Patent to be granted as aforesaid, no Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall sell or transfer any

Share

Shares to be

Personal

Estate.

Subscribers to forfeit their Shares in Default of Payment of Calls.

In what Case only advantage to be taken of such Forfeiture.

Shares not to be sold till Calls paid.

34-6

C. 75.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Sales void.

Forfeitures to be notified and declared.

Company may hold Lands in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions.

Limitation of Value of Lands to be purchased.

Conveyances of Land to be in the following

Form.

Share or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the said Stock of the said Company, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid, and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person and Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, making Default therein, shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Company, to and for the general Benefit of the said Company, unless he, she or they shall at the Time of such Sale]or Transfer pa}>" to the Banker of the said Company, or such other Person or Persons as the Court of Directors for the Time being shall appoint to receive the same, the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture to be first notified and declared in such Manner as may be directed with respect to the Forfeitures of Shares for not answering the Call to be made thereon as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company may be and are hereby authorized to purchase, take, hold and sell all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments situate in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the said Provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada, which it may be necessary or convenient for the said Company to acquire, in order to carry the Purposes aforesaid into more complete Effect; provided that such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be purchased in Great Britain and Ireland, be not altogether of more than the Value of Five hundred Pounds per Annum at the Time of the Purchase; and also provided, that any such Purchases as aforesaid, in the said Provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada, be of such annual Value only as His Majesty by such His Charter or Letters Patent, or by any Order or Orders to be by him issued with the Advice of His Privy Council may from time to time authorize and direct, and be made in conformity with the local Laws and Statutes in force in those Parts of His Majesty's Dominions in which the Land so to be purchased may be situate; and the said Company may do all other Acts and Things in relation to the Premises, in all respects as beneficially as any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Subject of this Realm, is by Law entitled to do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances which shall be made by the said Canada Company, to any Individual or Individuals, of any Part of the Lands to be granted to, or purchased or held by the said Company in the Manner and subject to the Restrictions aforesaid, shall and may be made according to the Form following, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; (that is to say),

the Canada Company, incorporated under and by virtue

of an Act made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Ills Majesty to grant to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called The Canada Company " certain Lands in the Province of Upper Canada, and to invest the said Company itnth certain Powers and Privileges and for other Purposes relating thereto, in consideration of the Sum of

4 to us paid, do hereby grant and release to

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 75, 76.

347

all and all our Right,

4 Title and Interest to and in the same, and every Part thereof; to have and to hold unto the said and his

4 Heirs for ever. '

And every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of His Majesty's Charter of Incorporation, being duly verified on Oath before One of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, shall be transmitted to the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor of the said Province of Upper Canada and the said Province of Lotver Canada, and registered in the Office of Chief Secretary of each of the said Provinces; and such Registry or Copy thereof, shall within the said Provinces respectively be and be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence of the Contents of such Charter of Incorporation, to all Intents and Purposes.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall extend to and be in force in the said Provinces of Upper Canada and Loiver Canada, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, in the United Kingdom aforesaid, and in the said Province, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to extend to the Island of Mauritius the Duties and

Regulations which relate to the British Islands in the West Indies.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Duties and Regulations W relating to Importation and Exportation into and from His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies should be extended to the Island of Mauritius; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Mauritius, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall have been imported into the said Island of Mauritius, and which shall be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or into any Possessions of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be liable, upon such Importation into the United Kingdom, or into any such Possessions respectively, to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, as the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, and imported into the said United Kingdom, or into any such Possessions respectively, would on such Importation be liable to the Payment of, or would be subject unto; and that upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the United Kingdom to the Island of Mau-ritiiiSj such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be liable to the same Duties, and shall be entitled to the like Drawbacks respectively.

Charter to be verified and registered.

Evidence.

[Public Act.]

Goods imported and exported to and from Mauritus liable to same Duties and Regulations as West India Goods;

348

C. 76, 77.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Vessels subject to same Regulations as those trading with West Indies.

East India or Foreign Coffee, ike. imported into the Mauritius forfeited.

1 G.4. c.l.

§2.

tively, as would or ought by Law to be charged or allowed upon the like Goods exported from the United Kingdom to any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies; and that all Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall be imported into or exported from the said Island of Mauritius, from or to any Place whatever, other than the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall, upon such Importation or Exportation respectively, be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, so far as any such Regulations can or may be applied, as the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize would be liable to the Payment of, or would be subject to, upon Importation or Exportation into or from any of I-Iis Majesty's Islands in the West Indies; and that all Ships and Vessels whatever, which shall arrive at or depart from the said Island of Mauritius, shall be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, as such Ships or Vessels would be liable to the Payment of, or would be subject to, if arriving at or departing from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force before the passing of this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, Melasses or Rum, being the Production of the Territories of the East India Company, or of an}' Foreign Country, shall be imported into the said Island of Mauritius; and that if any of the said Articles shall be so imported, the same shall be forfeited.

CAP. LXXVIL An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land

Revenue of the Crown for the Repair and Improvement of

Buckingham House.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS h is desirable that the Royal Palace commonly YV called Buckingham House, and the Buildings, Offices and Grounds appertaining thereto, should be repaired and improved in such a Manner as to render the same a suitable Residence for His Majesty: And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Croton of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it is (amongst other Things)

enacted, that the Produce of all the Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England\ therein mentioned, which during the Life of His late Majesty were by the Acts therein recited, or any or either of them, carried to and made Part, first of the Aggregate Fund, and after the therein recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and all the Hereditary Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom which were, by the therein recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland,

and which Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments and Revenues in England and Ireland respective!} ', at the Time of the Demise

4 of

6° GEO. IV. C. 77.

349

of His late Majesty, made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and all Arrears thereof which had accrued since the Demise of His late Majesty,

which should not have been applied and distributed in the Payment of any Charges thereupon respectively, should, during the Life of His present Majesty, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and from and after the Demise of His present Majesty should be payable and paid to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And Whereas it is expedient that a certain Portion of the Produce arising to His Majesty by the Rents of Messuages, Lands and other Hereditaments in England and Wales, within the Ordering and Survey of His Majesty's Exchequer, and by the Fines on Leases of the same or any of them, now forming Part of the Hereditary Revenues belonging to His Majesty in right of HisCrown, should be made applicable, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Purpose of defraying the Costs,

4 Charges and Expences of repairing and improving Buckingham House, and the Buildings, Offices and Grounds appertaining and belonging thereto, for the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, from time to time, to direct and authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to pay and apply, out of the Produce of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think necessary and expedient towards the Payment and Discharge of the Costs, Charges and Expences of such Repairs, Alterations and Improvements.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money hereinbefore authorized to be made shall be prior to and take Precedence of the Payment or Application of any Sum or Sums of Money arising from the said Land Revenues, for the Purposes of the Consolidated Fund; but that the said Land Revenues shall nevertheless remain subject and liable to the Costs and Charges attending the Management thereof, and the Payment or Discharge of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be now already charged thereon, or to the Payment 'whereof the same now are or may hereafter become liable, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Land Revenues; any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to or concerning the said Revenues to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Repairs, &c. of Buckingham House paid for out of Hereditary LandRevenues.

Such Payments to have Precedence of others, &e.

350

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Acts relating to

Quarantine

repealed.

f Sic.

Exceptions.

What Vessels shall be liable to Quarantine, and Regulations thereon.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Laws relatV ing to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other ' Provisions in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and every Act, and all Parts of Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, relating to the Performance of Quarantine, or relating to the charging any Duty or Duties upon Vessels which may be liable to, or have performed Quarantine, shall be and the same is f hereby repealed; save and except such Acts, and such Parts of Acts, as relate to the Payment and Recovery of any Duties imposed by the said Acts, or any Parts of Acts, which shall be due and unpaid on the said First Day of June by any Person or Persons under any or either of the said Acts; and also save and except as to any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment, or Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishments, to which any such Person or Persons may be liable by reason of the same; and also save and except as to any Action, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding brought or commenced, or which shall hereafter be brought or commenced, for or on account of any such Offence or Offences so done or committed as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all Vessels, as well His Majesty's Ships of War as others, coming from or having touched at any Place from whence His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, shall have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly dangerous to the Plealth of His Majesty's Subjects may be brought, and all Vessels and Boats receiving any Person, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or any other Article whatsoever, from or out of any Vessel so coming from or having touched at such infected Place as aforesaid, whether such Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or other Articles, shall have come or been brought in such Vessels, or such Person shall have gone, or Articles have been put on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Vessels at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and whether such Vessels were or were not bound to any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, and all Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or any other Article whatsoever on board of any Vessels so coming from or having touched at

6° GEO. IV. C. 78.

351

such infected Place as aforesaid, or on board of any such Receiving Vessels or Boats as aforesaid, shall be and be considered to be liable to Quarantine within the Meaning of this Act, and of any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection, from the Time of the Departure of such Vessels from such infected Place as aforesaid, or from the Time when such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or other Articles shall have been received on board respectively; and all such Vessels and Boats as aforesaid, and all Persons (as well Pilots as others), Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and all other Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Vessels or Boats from such infected Place as aforesaid, or going or being put on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Vessels or Boats at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, and all Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, on board such Receiving Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, shall, upon their Arrival at any such Port or Place, be obliged to' perform Quarantine in such Place or Places, for such Time, and in such Manner as shall from time to time be directed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by His or Their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and that until such Vessels and Boats, Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, shall have respectively performed, and shall be duly discharged from Quarantine, no such Person, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, or any of them, shall, either before or after the Arrival of such Vessels or Boats at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, come or be brought on shore, or go and be put on board any other Vessel or Boat, in order to come or be brought on shore in any such Port or Place, although such Vessels so coming from such infected Place as aforesaid may not be bound to any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, unless in such Manner and in such Cases, and by such Licence as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, as aforesaid; and all such Vessels and Boats, whether coming from such infected Place as aforesaid, or being otherwise liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, and all Persons (as well Pilots as others), Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Vessels or Boats, or going or being put on board the same, either before or after the ArrivaPof such Vessels or Boats at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, and although such Vessels or Boats shall not be bound to any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid; and all Commanders, Masters or other Persons, having the Charge or Command of any such Vessels or Boats, whether coming from any infected Place, or being otherwise liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be subject to all Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions contained in this Act, or in any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His

Heirs

352

C. 78.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Privy Council may order Vessels herein described to go to certain Places without being liable to Quarantine,

In what case Lord Lieutenant, of Ireland to give Directions, by Proclamation, where Vessels shall perform Quarantine, &c.

What deemed sufficient Notice of such Orders.

Heirs and Successors, in Council, as aforesaid, concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection, and to all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments contained in this Act, for any Breach or Disobedience thereof, or of any Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council made under the Authority thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, by His or Their Order in Council, or for the Lords or others of His or Their Privy Council, or any Two or more of them, by their Order from time to time, as often as they may see reason to apprehend that the Yellow Fever or other highly infectious Distemper prevails on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, to require that every Vessel coming from or having touched at any Port or Place on the Continent of America or in the West Indies, shall come to an Anchor at certain Places to be appointed from time to time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, (who are hereby authorized to make such Appointment), for the Purpose of having the State of Health of the Crew of such Vessel ascertained before such Vessel shall be permitted to enter the Port whereto she shall be bound, or any other Port of the United Kingdom; but that such Vessel shall not be deemed liable to Quarantine unless it shall be afterwards specially ordered under that Restraint.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Order or Orders, made by the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, and notified by Proclamation, to give Directions, where the Urgency of the Case shall require, as to the Place oFPlaces, and as to the Time and Manner in which Ships and Vessels arriving, and Persons, Goods and Merchandizes coming or imported into any Port or Place in Ireland, shall make their Quarantine, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act; and that until such Ships, Vessels, Persons, Goods and Merchandizes shall have respectively performed and been discharged from such Quarantine, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Persons, Goods or Merchandizes, or any of them, to come or be brought on shore, or to go or be put on board any other Ship or Vessel in any Place in Ireland, in such Cases, and by such Licence as shall or may be directed or permitted by any Order or Orders to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by the Advice and Consent of the Privy Council there, and notified as aforesaid; and that all such Ships and Vessels, and the Persons or Goods coming or imported in, or going and being put on board such Ships or Vessels, and all Ships, Vessels, Boats and Persons receiving any Goods or Persons out of the same, and all Persons going on board any such Ship or Vessels, shall be subject to such Orders, Rules and Directions concerning Quarantine and the preventing Infection, as shall be made from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, and shall be notified by Proclamation as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in this Act; and that the Publication in the Dublin Gazette of any Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council, made in

pursuance

6° GEO. IV. C. 78.

353

pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, of all Matters contained in any such Order or Orders respectively.

V. And Whereas certain Sorts of Goods and Merchandize are ' more especially liable to retain Infection, and may be brought ' from Places infected into other Countries, and from thence imported into the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid; Be it enacted, That all such Goods and Merchandize as shall be particularly specified for that Purpose in any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Pleirs or Successors, in Council, concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, which shall be brought or imported into any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, from any Foreign Country or Place, in any Vessel whatever, and the Vessels in which the same shall be brought, and also all Vessels which shall arrive from any Port or Place whatever, under any alarming or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be made by such Order or Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid, respecting the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two or more of them, -to make such Order as they shall see necessary and expedient upon any unforeseen Emergency, or in any particular Case or Cases, with respect to any Vessel arriving and having any infectious Disease or Distemper on board, or on board of which any infectious Disease or Distemper may have appeared in the Course of the Voyage, or arriving under any other alarming or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, although such Vessels shall not have come from any Place fi; om which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, may have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague or any such infectious Disease or Distemper may be brought, and also with respect to the Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid on board the same; and in case of any infectious Disease or Distemper appearing or breaking out in the United Kingdom, or the Island aforesaid, to make such Orders and give such Direction, in order to cut off all Communication between any Persons infected with any such Disease or Distemper, and the rest of His Majesty's Subjects, as shall appear to the said Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two or more of them, to be necessary and expedient for that Purpose, and likewise to make such Orders as they shall see fit, for shortening the Time of Quarantine to be performed by particular Vessels, or particular Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or any other Articles, or for absolutely or conditionally releasing them or any of them from Quarantine; and all such Orders so made by the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Two or more of them as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as well with respect to the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel, and all other Persons on board the same, as with respect to any other Persons having any Intercourse or Communication with them, and to the Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments to which they may 6 Geo. IV. A a respectively

Goods and Vessels herein described subject to Quarantine.

Privy Council may make such Order as they shall think necessary upon Emergencies as herein mentioned.

How far such Orders valid.

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Regulations for Vessels in which Infection shall appear within or without the Streights of Gibraltar.

respectively become liable, as any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine, notified by Proclamation or published in the London Gazette.

Y1I. And be it further enacted, That if the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall appear on board any Vessel within or without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall immediately proceed to such Place as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, shall from time to time direct and appoint; where being arrived, he shall make known his Case to some Officer of the Customs there, who shall with all possible Speed send Intelligence thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs of the Port of London, to the end that such Precautions may be used to prevent the spreading of the Infection, as the Case shall require; and the said Vessel shall there remain until Directions shall be given thereto by the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two or more of them; nor shall any of the Crew or Passengers on board thereof go on shore; and such Master and every other Person on board such Vessel shall obey such Directions as he shall receive from the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two or more of them as aforesaid; and the said Commander, Master or any other Person on board such Vessel as aforesaid, who shall not act conformably to the Provisions and Regulations herein directed, or shall act in Disobedience to such Directions as shall be received on board such Vessel from the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Two or more of them as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and is hereby required, at all Times, when such Vessel shall meet with any other Vessel at Sea, other Vessels at or shall be within Two Leagues of the Coast of the United King-Sea, or being dom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, within Two to hoist a Signal to denote that his Vessel is liable to the Perform-Leagues of the ance of Quarantine, which Signal shall in the Day Time, if the dom^or Guern- sa^ Vessel shall have a Clean Bill of Health, a large Yellow Flag, sey, &c. of Six Breadths of Bunting, at the Maintop Masthead, and if such

Vessel shall not have a Clean Bill of Health, then a like Yellow Flag, with a circular Mark or Ball, entirely Black in the Middle thereof, whose Diameter shall be equal to Two Breadths of Bunting; and in the Night Time the Signal shall in both Cases be a large Signal Lanthorn with a Light therein (such as is commonly used on board His Majesty's Ships of War), at the same Masthead; and such Commander, Master or other Person shall keep such Signals respectively, as the Case shall be, hoisted during such Time as the said Vessel shall continue within Sight of such other Vessel, or within Two Leagues of the said Coasts or Islands, and while so in Sight, or within such Distance, until such Vessel so liable to Quarantine as aforesaid shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof; on Failure

whereof

Penalty.

Masters of Ves* sels liable to Quarantine to make Signals on meeting

6° GEO. IV. C. 78.

S55

whereof such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so liable to the Performance of Quarantine shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel on board whereof the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects shall actually be, shall be and is hereby required at all Times when such Vessel shall meet with any other Vessel at Sea, or shall be within Two Leagues of the Coast of the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, to hoist a Signal to denote that his Vessel has the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects actually on board thereof, which Signal shall be in the Day Time a Flag of Yellow and Black, borne Quarterly, of Eight Breadths of Bunting, at the Maintop Masthead; and in the Night Time the Signal shall be Two large Signal Lanthorns, such as are commonly used on board of His Majesty's Ships of War, one over the other, at the same Masthead; and such Commander, Master or other Person shall keep such Signal hoisted during such Time as the said Vessel so having the Plague or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid on board thereof, shall continue within Sight of such other Vessel, or within Two Leagues of the Coasts or Islands aforesaid, while so in Sight or within such Distance, until such Vessel so having the Plague or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid on board thereof, shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof; on Failure thereof such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Vessel, and knowing that the same is not liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall hoist such Signal as aforesaid, or either of them, by Day or Night respectively, such Commander or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, as to all Vessels arriving from any Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn in South America, and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, as to all vessels arriving from any Parts of Africa or America not beyond those Capes, and from the West Indies and Mediterranean, and from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, as to all Vessels arriving from any other Places, every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board such Vessel a written Paper, containing a true Account of the Names of the Place and Country at which such Vessel shall have loaded, and also of all the Places at which any such Vessel shall have touched on the Homeward Voyage, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Neglect or

Refusal

Penalty.

Masters of Vessels to hoist certain Signals when Plague or infectious Disease on board.

Penalty.

Persons hoisting Signals when not liable.

Penalty.

Masters of Vessels, on Arrival, to give to Pilots Account of Places at which they shall have loaded and touched.

Penalty.

356

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pilots to give Notice of Proclamation, &c. requiring the Performance of Quarantine,

Penalty.

Penalty.

Pilot to give Notice if any Articles be on board liable to Quarantine,

Penalty.

Penalty.

Pilots unduly conductingVes-sels to any oth<?r Place than appointed.

Penalty.

Pilot, &c. to bring to at Request of Officer of Customs.

Penalty.

Refusal to give such Paper, or for any false Representation or wilful Omission therein; and if by any Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council, made after the Departure of any Vessel from the United Kingdom and the said Islands, and then in force. Vessels coming from any Place mentioned in any such Paper shall be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, such Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander or other Person aforesaid, of such Vessel, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Neglect therein; and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon hoist a proper Signal, according to the Provisions of this Act, and under the Penalties in this Act contained for any Neglect or Refusal in respect of hoisting such Signals.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, which shall not be liable to Quarantine in respect of the Place from whence such Vessel comes, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board of such Vessel a written Paper, containing a true Account of the different Articles composing the Cargo of such Vessel, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect or Refusal to give such Paper, or for any false Representation or wilful Omission therein; and if by any Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council then in force, Vessels having on board any of the Articles mentioned in such Paper shall be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, such Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander or other Person having the Charge of such Vessel, on pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds for any Neglect therein, and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon hoist a Signal, according to the Provisions and under the respective Penalties in this Act contained, for any Neglect or Refusal in respect of hoisting such Signals; and in case any Pilot shall bring or cause to be brought or conducted any Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is not or shall not be specially appointed for the Reception of Vessels so liable, after receiving such Paper as aforesaid, whereby it shall have been made appear that such Vessel was liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or without requiring and receiving such Paper as aforesaid, unless compelled thereto by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds or Accidents of the Sea, such Pilot shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot being on board, or any Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, whether such Vessel shall be liable to Quarantine or not, shali be required by any Officer of the Customs, authorized to act in the Service of Quarantine, to bring to such Vessel, to the end that the Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge thereof may be interrogated, according to the Provision of this Act, and shall neglect of refuse to bring to such Vessel, as soon as it can be done with Safety, in Obedience to such Requisition, every such Pilot, Commander, Master or other Person having the Charge of any such Vessel shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

6° GEO. IV.

357

XIV. And to the end that it may be better known whether any Vessel be actually infected with the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or whether such Vessel, or the Mariners or Passengers coming, or the Cargo imported in the same, are liable to any Orders touching Quarantine Be it further enacted, That when any Country or Place shall be known or suspected to be infected with the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or when any Order or Orders shall be made by His Majesty in Council concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, then and in such Case, as often as any Vessel shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, whether such Port shall have been appointed for the Performance of Quarantine or not, the Superintendent or Assistant at such Port or Place, or if not, the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at such Port or Place, or such Officer of the Customs as shall be authorized to act in that Behalf, shall go off to such Vessel, and shall, at a convenient Distance from such Vessel, demand of the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel, and such Commander, Master or other Person shall, upon such Demand, give a true Answer in Writing or otherwise, and upon Oath or not upon Oath, according as he shall by such Superintendent or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid, be required, to all such Questions or Interrogatories as shall be put to him by virtue and in pursuance of such Regulations and Directions as His Majesty by Order in Council shall be pleased to prescribe; and in case such Commander or Master or other Person having charge of such Vessel shall, upon such Demand made as aforesaid, refuse to make a true Discovery in any of the Particulars concerning which he shall be interrogated in Manner aforesaid, or in case he shall not be required to answer such Questions or Interrogatories upon Oath, shall give a false Answer to any such Question or Interrogatory as aforesaid, such Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that such Vessel is under such Circumstances as shall render it liable to perform Quarantine, and that the Port or Place where it so arrived, or at which it attempts to enter as aforesaid, is not the Port or Place where it ought to perform Quarantine, in which Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or of any of His Majesty's Forts or Garrisons, and all other His Majesty's Officers, upon Notice thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they shall call to their Aid and Assistance, and such Officers and other Persons are hereby required to oblige such Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath been or shall be appointed for Performance of Quarantine, and to use all necessary Means for that Purpose, either by firing of Guns upon such Vessel, or by any other Kind of necessary Force whatsoever; and in case any such Vessel shall come from, or shall have touched at any Place infected by the Plague or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as

aforesaid,

Regulations for better ascertain -ing whether Vessels be actually infected, or the Persons on board liable to Orders touching Quarantine.

Masters of Vessels refusing to answer Inter- 1 rogatories, or answering untruly, & c.

Penalty.

Vessels subject to Quarantine arriving at any Port other than that at which it ought to be performed, may be forced to repair to the appointed Place.

Masters of Vessels that have touched at infected Places,

358

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

&c. omitting to disclose, or to hoist Signal,

Penalty.

Commanders to deliver up Bills of Health, &c. to Superintendent of Quarantine,

Penalty.

Masters, &c. quitting Vessels, or permitting Persons to quit or not conveying same to appointed Places,

Penalty,

Coming in such Vessels, or going on board, and quitting them before discharged from Quarantine,

aforesaid, or shall have any Person on board actually infected with the Plague or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, and the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel, knowing that the Place from whence he came, or at which he had touched as aforesaid, was infected with the Plague or such other infectious Disease or Distemper, or knowing some Person on board to be actually infected with the Plague or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall refuse or omit to disclose the same upon such Examination as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit'to hoist the Signal hereinbefore directed, to denote that his Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine, at the Times and on the Occasions herein directed with respect to the same, such Commander, Master or other Persons having Charge of such Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Vessel which shall be ordered to perform Quarantine as aforesaid; shall forthwith, after his Arrival at the Place appointed for the Performance of Quarantine, deliver on Demand to the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs, authorized to act in that Behalf, and which Superintendent, Assistant or other Officer as aforesaid is hereby required to make such Demand, his Bill of Health and Manifest, together with his Log Book and Journal, under pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds if he shall wilfully refuse or neglect so to do.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, and on board of which the Plague or other infectious Disease or Distemper shall not then have appeared, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Passenger coming in such Vessel to quit such Vessel by going on shore, or by going on board any other Vessel or Boat, before such Quarantine shall be fully performed, unless by such Licence as shall be granted by virtue of any Order in Council to be made concerning Quarantine as aforesaid, or in case any Commander or other Person having Charge of such Vessel shall not, within a convenient Time after due Notice given for that Purpose, cause such Vessel and the Lading thereof to be conveyed into the Place or Places appointed for such Vessel and Lading to perform Quarantine; then and in every such Case every such Commander, Master or other Person as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Four hundred Pounds; and if any such Person coming in any such Vessel liable to Quarantine (or any Pilot or other Person going on board the same, either before or after the Arrival of such Vessel at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom or the Islands aforesaid), shall, either before or after such Arrival, quit such Vessel, unless by such Licence as aforesaid, by going on shore in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or the Islands aforesaid, or by going on board any other Vessel or Boat, with Intent to go on shore as aforesaid, before such Vessel so liable to Quarantine as aforesaid shall be regularly discharged from the Performance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever, by any Kind of necessary Force

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. Ys:

to compel such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Vessel so liable to Quarantine to return on board the same; and every such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Vessel so liable to Quarantine shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Six Months, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And Whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour 1 in Persons under Quarantine or liable to the Performance of ' Quarantine, or in other Persons who may have had any Intercourse or Communication with them, may be attended with very great Danger to His Majesty's Subjects; Be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to perform Quarantine, and all Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, whether in Vessels or in a Lazaret or elsewhere, shall be subject, during' the said Quarantine, or during the Time they shall be liable to Quarantine, to such Orders as they shall receive from the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant, or from the Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place where there is na such Superintendent or Assistant, or from any other Officer of the Customs authorized to act in that behalf, and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary Obedience to the said Orders, and in case of Necessity to call in others to their Assistance, and all Persons so called in are hereby, required to assist accordingly; and such Officers shall and they are hereby empowered and required to compel all Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, and Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, to repair to such Lazaret, Vessel or Place, and to cause all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles comprized within any such Orders to be made as last aforesaid, to be conveyed to such Lazaret, Vessel or Place duly appointed in that Behalf, in such Manner and according to such Directions as shall be made by Order of His Majesty in Council as aforesaid, or of the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or of any Two or more of them; and if any Person or Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with him, her or them, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair forthwith, when required and directed so to do by such Officers as aforesaid, to the said Lazaret, Vessel or Place duly appointed in that behalf, or having been placed in the said Lazaret, Vessel or Place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the same before Quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Quarantine Officers, and also the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to see Quarantine performed, and each of them, and they are hereby respectively required, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel every such Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return to such Lazaret, Vessel or Place so appointed as aforesaid; and every Person so refusing or neglecting to repair forthwith as aforesaid to the said Lazaret, Vessel or Place, and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds.

355 '

Punishment and Penalty.

Regulations for punishing Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under or liable to Quarantine, or Persons having Intercourse with them.

Refusing to repair to Lazaret oi* Vessel, Penalty.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

360

Persons quitting Vessels liable to perform Quarantine, Sec. may be seized.

Proceedings

thereon.

Intercourse *with Stations allotted for Quarantine of Vessels, maybe prohibited by Order in Council,

Penalty.

Embezzling Goods performing Quarantine, neglecting Duty, Incapacity.

Penalty.

PermittingPer-sons, Vessels, &c. to depart

C. 78.

XIX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Tithingman or other Peace Officer, or any other Person, to seize and apprehend any Person that shall, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, have quitted or come on shore from any Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, or who shall have escaped from or quitted any Vessel under Quarantine, or from any Lazaret, Vessel or Place appointed in that behalf, for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to grant his Warrant for the apprehending and conveying of any such Person to the Vessel from which he or she shall have come on shore, or to any Vessel performing Quarantine or Lazaret from which he or she shall have escaped, or for the confining of any such Person in any such Place of safe Custody (not being a public Gaol), and under such Restrictions as to having any Communication with any other Persons, as may in the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate (calling to his Aid, if he shall see fit, any Medical Person) appear to be proper, until such Person can be safely and securely conveyed to some Place appointed for the Performance of Quarantine, or until Directions can be obtained from the Privy Council as to the Disposal of any such Person, and to make any further Order, or grant any further Warrant that may be necessary in that Behalf.

XX. And Whereas it may be necessary for the public Security ' to prevent all Communication whatever with Vessels performing Quarantine Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by His or Their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation or published in the London Gazette, to prohibit all Persons, Vessels and Boats whatsoever, from going, under any Pretence whatsoever, within the Limits of any Station which by any Order or Orders in Council as aforesaid has been or may be assigned for the Performance of Quarantine; and if any Person whatsoever, after such Notification or Publication of any such Order or Orders in Council, shall presume, under any Pretence whatsoever, to go with any Vessel or Boat within the Limits of any such Station, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, to whom it doth or shall appertain to execute any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarantine or the Prevention of Infection, and notified as aforesaid, or to see the same put in Execution, shall knowingly and wilfully embezzle any Goods or Articles performing Quarantine, or be guilty of any other Breach or Neglect of his Duty in respect of the Vessels, Persons, Goods or Articles performing Quarantine, every such Officer or Person so offending shall forfeit such Office or Employment as he may be possessed of, and shall become from thence incapable to hold or enjoy the same, or to take a new Grant thereof; and every such Officer and Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any such Officer or Person shall desert from his Duty when employed as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and willingly permit any Person, Vessel, Goods or Merchandize to depart or be

6° GEO. IV. C. 78.

361

conveyed out of the said Lazaret Vessel or other Place as aforesaid, unless by Permission under an Order of His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or under an Order of Two or more of the Lords or others of His Privy Council; or if any Person hereby authorized and directed to give a Certificate of a Vessel having duly performed Quarantine or airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate thereof, every such Person so offending shall be guilty of Felon}^; and if any such Officer or Person shall knowingly or wilfully damage any Goods performing Quarantine under his Direction, he shall be liable to pay One hundred Pounds Damages, and full Costs of Suit to the Owner of the -same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel arriving from the Mediterranean, or from any Port in Turkey or Africa, shall have undergone Examination by the proper Officer of Quarantine, and upon a Report of such Examination being made to the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, their Lordships shall think proper to direct the Release of such Vessel from the Performance of Quarantine, it shall be lawful for such Officer, and he is hereby required to grant to the Master or Person having the Charge or Command of such Vessel, a Certificate in Writing of such Examination and Release, and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Collector or principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at any Port in the United Kingdom, such Vessel shall be admitted to Entry without being liable to any further Restraint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after Quarantine shall have been duly performed by any Vessel, Person or Persons obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, according to this Act, and to such Order or Orders made as aforesaid, and upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of the Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel, and of Three or more of the Persons belonging thereto, or upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses before the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Quarantine shall be performed, or at the Port nearest thereto, or before the Superintendent of Quarantine, or his Assistant at the Quarantine Station, or before any Justice of the Peace living near to the Port or Place, or when such Quarantine shall have been performed within any of the said Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, before any two Jurats or Magistrates of any of the said Isles respectively, that such Vessel, and all and every such Person and Persons respectively, have duly performed Quarantine as aforesaid, and that the Vessel and all and every Person and Persons are free from Infection, and after producing a Certificate to that Purpose signed by the Chief Officer who superintended the Quarantine of the said Vessel, or Person acting for him, then and in the said respective Cases, such Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs, or the Superintendent of Quarantine, or his Assistant, or such Justice of the Peace, or such Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby required to give a Certificate thereof, and thereupon such Vessel, and all and every such Person or Persons so having performed Quarantine, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention upon the same Account, for

which

without Authority, or giving false Certificates, Felony.

Damaging

Goods,

Penalty.

Vessels herein described admitted to Entry upon producing Certificate.

After Proof of Performance of Quarantine, and proper Certificate, Vessels or Persons not liable to further Detention.

A.D. 1825.

Goods liable to perform Quarantine to be opened and aired, as directed by Order in Council, and Proof thereof to be made, &c.

Certificate thereof to be granted.

Forging, &c. or uttering false Certificates required by Order in Council, Felony.

Landing Goods, &c. from Vessels liable to Quarantine, or receiving them. Penalty.

Secreting them from Vessels performing Quarantine.

C. 78. 6° GEO. IV.

which such Vessel, Person or Persons shall have performed Quarantine as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other Articles liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be opened and aired in such Place or Places, and for such Time and in such Manner as shall be directed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by such Order or Orders to be made as aforesaid, and after such Orders shall have been duly complied with, Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of the Master of the Lazaret or Vessel in which the Goods, Wares and Merchandize and all other Articles shall have been opened and aired, and of one of the Guardians, or if there be no Guardians, then One of the Officers authorized by the Commissioners of Customs to act in the Service of Quarantine in such Lazaret or Vessel, or if there be no such Officer, then by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses serving in the said Lazaret or Vessel, before the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant, in case such Opening and Airing shall be had at a Port or Place where such Superintendent or Assistant shall be established, or otherwise before the principal Officer of the Customs authorized to act in the Service of Quarantine at such Port or Place, which Oath such Superintendent, Assistant or principal Officer is hereby authorized to administer; and such Superintendent, Assistant or principal Officer, as the Case may be, shall grant a Certificate of such Proof having been made, and upon Production of such Certificate to the proper Officer of the Customs, such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and other Articles, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention, either at the Port or Place where such Quarantine shall have been performed, or at any other Place whereto they be afterwards conveyed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly or wilfully forge or counterfeit, interline, erase or alter, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased or altered, any Certificate directed or required to be granted by any Order of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, now in force or hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, or shall publish any such forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased or altered Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased or altered, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter and publish any such Certificate with Intent to obtain the Effect of a true Certificate to be given thereto, knowing the Contents of such Certificate to be false, he or she shall be guilty of Felony.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall land or unship, or shall move in order to the landing or unshipping thereof, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters or other Articles from on board any Vessel liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, or shall knowingly receive the same after they have been so landed or unshipped, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall clandestinely convey or secrete, or conceal for the Purpose of conveying any Letters, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, from any Vessel actually performing Quarantine,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 78.

363

antine, or from the Lazaret or other Place where such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles as aforesaid shall be performing Quarantine, every such Person so offending as last aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time happen that any Part of the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or France, Spain or Portugal, or the Lotv Countries, shall be infected with the Plague or any other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or Their Proclamation, to prohibit or restrain all Vessels and Boats under the Burthen of One hundred Tons from sailing or passing out of any Port or Place of the United Kingdom, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or any of them, until Security be first given by the Master of every such Vessel or Boat respectively, to the Satisfaction of the principal Officers of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place from whence such Vessel or Boat shall sail, by Bond taken by such Officer or Magistrate, to the King, His Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, with Condition, that if such Vessel or Boat shall not goto or touch at any Country, Port or Place, to be mentioned for that Purpose in such Proclamation, and if neither the Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel or Boat, nor any Mariner or Passenger in such Vessel or Boat, shall, during the Time aforesaid, go on board any other Vessel at Sea, and such Master or other Person having Charge of such Vessel or Boat shall not permit or suffer any Person or Persons to come on board such Vessel or Boat at Sea from any other Vessel, and shall not during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever out of any other Vessel, then such Bond shall be void; for the making of which Bond no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case any Vessel or Boat for which such Security shall be required by such Proclamation, shall set sail or pass out of any Port or Place of the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or any "of them respectively, before Security be given as aforesaid, every such Vessel or Boat so sailing or passing out of any Port or Place contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Master of, and every Mariner sailing in such Vessel or Boat, shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Twro hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consuls and Vice Consuls of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall and are hereby empowered to administer Oaths in all Cases respecting Quarantine, in like Manner as if they were Magistrates of the several Towns or Places where they respectively reside.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wdierein by virtue of this Act, or any other Act hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, any Examination or Answer shall be taken or made upon Oath, the Person who shall be authorized and required to take such Examinations and Answers, shall and may be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such

Oaths;

Penalty.

His Majesty in certain Cases may prohibit Vessels under 100 Tons from sailing until Bond given by Master with certain Conditions.

No Fee for Bond.

Sailing without giving such Security.

Penal ty.

Power to Consuls, &c. to administer Oaths.

Persons authorized to take Examinations may administer Oaths,

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Swearing falsely, or procuring others so to do, Perjury.

Superintendents at Ports appointed. Principal Officer of Customs to act as Superintendent.

Publication in London Gazette sufficient Notice.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

In whose Name Actions for Penalties in England, Ireland, or Scotland, must be prosecuted.

Oaths; and if any Person who shall be interrogated or examined, shall wilfully swear falsely to any Matter concerning which such Person shall depose or make Oath on such Examination, or in such Answer, or if any Person shall procure any other Person so to do, he or she so swearing falsely, or procuring any other Person so to do, shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for Perjury or Subornation of Perjury, as the Case may be, and shall suffer the Pains, Penalties and Punishments of the Law in such Case respectively made and provided.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Superintendents of Quarantine at the several Ports, and their Assistants, shall and may be appointed by any Instrument signed by the Commissioners of Customs for the Time being; and every Tiling required to be done and performed by the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant, may, in case of the Absence or Sickness of such Superintendent or Assistant, be done and performed by such principal Officer of the Customs as shall be authorized to act in that Behalf.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Publication in the London Gazette of any Order in Council, or of any Order by any Two or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, made in pursuance of this Act, or His Majesty's Royal Proclamation made in pursuance of the same, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned of all Matters therein respectively contained.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties that shall be incurred by reason of any Offence committed against this Act shall and maybe recovered by Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in England or Ireland, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted; or in Scotland, by summary Action in the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary there, or by Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and every such Forfeiture and Penalty shall belong and be given, Two Thirds to the Person who shall inform and sue for the same, and the Remainder to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information or Prosecution, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations or Prosecutions, in any of His Majesty's Courts in England, Ireland or Scotland, or any Proceeding or Proceedings before any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Stewartry or Place for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Offence committed against this Act, or against any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, or by Two or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted entered or filed in the Names of His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland respectively, or under the Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs, and in

21 the

C. 78.

the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information or Prosecution, Actions, Bills, Plaints, Inform- ations or Prosecutions, or any Proceeding or Proceedings before any Justice as aforesaid, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered and filed in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is in that Behalf before mentioned, the same shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Prosecution, Suit, Complaint or other Proceeding as aforesaid, shall be commenced or depending by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Offence committed against this Act, or against any Order or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, or by any Two or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, respectively, to stop all further Proceedings therein, as well with respect to the Share of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, to which any such Officer or Officers shall or may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty, if upon Consideration of the Circumstances under which any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures may be incurred, it shall appear to them respectively to be fit and proper so to do.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of this Act, for which no specific Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment is provided by this Act, shall and may be tried, heard and determined before any Three Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where such Offence or Disobedience shall happen; and if any Person shall be convicted of any such Offence or Disobedience, he or she shall be liable to such Forfeiture and Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for any Offence, or to such Imprisonment, not exceeding Twelve Months for any One Offence, as shall in the Discretion of the Three Justices who shall have heard and determined the same, be judged proper; and such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be paid, Two thirds to the Person suing for the same and the Remainder to His Majesty, to be applied as the Proceeds of other Forfeitures and Penalties are hereinbefore directed to be applied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Prosecution, Suit or other Proceedings against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Offence against this Act or any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or for any Breach or Disobedience of any Order or Orders which shall be made by his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with the Advice of His Privy Council, concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection, and notified or published as aforesaid; or of any Order or Orders made by Two. or more of the Lords or others of the Privy Council aforesaid, the Answer or Answers of the Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Vessel, to any Question or Interrogatories put to him by virtue and in pursuance of this Act or

365

In Prosecutions by Officers of Customs, Attorney General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, may stop Proceedings.

By whom Offences for which no specific Penalty is provided, may be determined.

Punishment.

Application of Penalties.

How far Answers of Persons having Charge of Vessels received as Evidence; how far the having been directed to perform Quarantine received as Evidence; the being performing Quarantine

C. 78.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

shall be Proof of Vessels being liable to perform it.

In Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Limitation of Actions.

of any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine or of any such Order or Orders as aforesaid, may and shall be given and received as Evidence, so far as the same relates or relate to the Place from which such Vessel shall come, or to the Place or Places at which such Vessel touched in the Course of the Voyage, and where any Vessel shall have been directed to perform Quarantine b)' the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant, or where there is no such Superintendent or Assistant, by the principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place, or other Officer of the Customs authorized to act in that Behalf, they having been so directed to perform Quarantine, may and shall be given and received as Evidence that such Vessel was liable to Quarantine, unless satisfactory Proof shall be produced by the Defendant in any such Prosecution, Suit or other Proceeding, to show that the Vessel did not come from or touch at any such Place or Places as is or are stated in the said Answer or Answers, or that such Vessel, although directed to perform Quarantine, was not liable to the Performance thereof; and where any such Vessel shall have in fact been put under Quarantine at any Port or Place by the Superintendent of Quarantine or his Assistant or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, and shall actually be performing the same, such Vessel shall in any Prosecution, Suit or other Proceeding, against any Person or Persons whatever, for any Offence against this Act or any other Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection or any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty in Council or any Two or more of the Lords or others of I-Iis Privy Council as aforesaid, be deeme'd and taken to be liable to Quarantine, without proving in what Manner or from what Circumstance such Vessel became liable to the Performance thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or execution of this present Act, or of any Order of Council made by virtue thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that-the same was done in pursuance and, in execution of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall have been given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and that no such Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance or Execution of this Act, but within the Space of Six Months after such Matter or Thing shall have been done.

CAP.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C, 79.

367

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to provide for the Assimilation of the Currency and Monies of Account throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. '[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS the Pound Sterling in Great Britain and IreV ? land respectively is, according to the Currency of each, divisible into-Twenty Shillings, and the Shilling in Great Britain and Ireland respectively is, according to the said Currency of each, divisible into Twelve Pence; but the Silver Coin which represents a Shilling of the Money of Great Britain is paid and accepted and taken as representing One Shilling and One Penny of the Currency of Ireland, and the Pound Sterling of the Currency of Great Britain is, at the Par of Exchange, paid, accepted and deemed as equivalent to One Pound One Shilling and Eight Pence of the Currency o 11reland; and any Sum of British Currency is, at the same Par of Exchange, paid, accepted and deemed as equivalent to an Amount of Pounds, Shillings and Pence of the Currency of Ireland greater by One twelfth Part than the expressed Amount of Pounds, Shillings and Pence of the Currency of Great Britain contained in such Sum; and any Sum of Irish Currency is, at the same Par of Exchange, paid, accepted and deemed as equivalent to an Amount of Pounds,

4 Shillings and Pence of the Currency of Great Britain, less by One thirteenth Part than the expressed Amount of Pounds,

4 Shillings and Pence of the Currency of Ireland, contained in such Sum: And Whereas great Complexity of Accounts between Persons residing within the different Parts of the same United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and other Inconveniences, arise from the said Difference of Currencies; and it is expedient that the Currency of Ireland should be assimilated to the Currency of Great Britain, without disturbing the Relation between Debtor and Creditor, and that there should be hereafter one uniform Currency for the United Kingdom, and that the Values of the Monies of Account in Ireland, and of the Monies of Account in Great Britain, should in all Cases whatever be assimilated to each other Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Currency of Great Britain shall be and become and is hereby declared to be the Currency of the whole United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that on and from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Receipts and Payments, and all Gifts, Grants, Contracts, Bargains, Sales, Agreements and Stipulations, and all written Bonds, Bills, Notes, Drafts, Acceptances, Receipts, Acknowledgments, Undertakings or Securities for Money, and all Transactions, Dealings, Matters and Things whatsoever relating to Money, or involving or implying the Payment of Money, or the Liability to pay any Money, which shall be had, made, done, executed or entered into in any and every Part of the said United Kingdom, shall be had, n*ade, done, executed and entered

The Currency of G. B. to be the Currency of the United Kingdom; and all Receipts, Payments, Contracts and Dealings shall be made in such Currency

36a

C. 79.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and shall be held to be made in such Currency, unless the contrary be

proved.

Contracts, Debts, &e. in Irish Currency, made or contracted previous to Commencement of Act, to be carried into effect, and sati»-fied by Payment in British Currency of 12-lSths of the Amount, according to Irish Currency.

tered into according to such Currency of Great Britain, so becoming the Currency and lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and not according to any Currency, or as Money hath been or may be valued in any particular Part of the said United Kingdom, or in any other Manner than according to such Currency of the said United Kingdom, except as hereinafter is specially provided; and that all such Receipts, Payments, Gifts, Grants, Contracts, Bargains, Sales, Agreements, Stipulations, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Drafts, Acceptances, Acknowledgments, Undertakings, Securities, Transactions, Dealings, Matters and Things shall be held, deemed, construed and taken to be had, made, executed, done and entered into according to such Currency of Great Britain, so becoming the Currency and lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and in reference to Money of the Value and Description circulating in Great Britain at the Time of the passing of this Act, unless the contrary be proved to have been the Intention of the Parties concerned; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom in force in any Part of the said United Kingdom at any Time before the passing of this Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Gifts, Grants, Contracts, Bargains, Sales, Agreements and Stipulations, and all Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, Acceptances, Receipts, Acknowledgments, Undertakings and Securities for Money, and all Debts due or to grow due under or by virtue of any Recognizance, Statute, Judgment, Award, Bond, Lease or other Specialty or by virtue of any Simple Contract, written or parol, and all Transactions, Dealings, Matters and Things whatsoever relating to Money, or involving or implying the Payment of Money, or the Liability to pay any Money which shall have been or shall be acknowledged, confessed, awarded, executed, had, made, done or entered into, at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, according to or with Reference to the Currency of Ireland, or as Money shall, before the Commencement of this Act, have been valued or named in Ireland, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be construed and carried into Effect, and shall be paid, discharged and satisfied, according to the Amount thereof respectively in such British Currency, so becoming the Currency of the said United Kingdom as aforesaid, to be calculated in Manner following; that is to say, that every Sum of the Currency of Ireland, then due or thereafter to grow due, or to be accounted for in any Way under and by virtue of any such Gift, Grant, Contract, Bargain, Sale, Agreement, Stipulation, Bond, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, Acceptance, Receipt, Acknowledgment, Undertaking or Security for Money, or for or in respect of any such Debt, Recognizance, Statute, Judgment, Award, Bond, Lease, Specialty or Simple Contract, written or parol, or for or in respect of any such Transaction, Dealing, Matter or Thing relating to Money or Liability as aforesaid, shall be equivalent to, and shall be stated as, and shall be liable to be paid, discharged, satisfied and accounted for by a Sum of such Currency of the United Kingdom, less by One thirteenth Part than the Amount of such Sum expressed according to the Currency of Ireland, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Sum

6° GEO. IV. C. 79.

369

in the Currency of the said United Kingdom less by One thirteenth Part than the Sum of the Currency of Ireland, to which such Sum in the Currency of the United Kingdom is to be and be deemed equivalent, had been mentioned and expressed in any and every such Grant, Contract, Bargain, Sale, Agreement, Stipulation, Bond, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, Acceptance, Receipt, Acknowledgment, Undertaking or Security for Money or for or in respect of any such Debt, Recognizance, Statute, Judgment, Award, Bond, Lease, Specialty or Simple Contract, written or parol, or for or in respect of any such Transaction, Dealing or other Matter or Thing relating to Money, at the Time when such Grant, Contract, Bargain, Sale, Transaction, Dealing, Agreement, Stipulation, Bond, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Draft, Acceptance, Receipt, Acknowledgment, Undertaking or Security for Money, Debt, Recognizance, Statute, Judgment, Award, Bond, Lease, Specialty or Simple Contract, written or parol, or other Transaction, Dealing, Matter or Thing respectively, was actually acknowledged, confessed, awarded, executed, had, made, done or entered into; any Condition, Agreement or Clause in or relating to any such Grant, Contract, Bargain, Sale, Transaction, Dealing, Matter or Thing aforesaid to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled c An Act to consolidate into one Fund all ike Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom; it. is among other Things enacted, that for the producing Uniformity in all Returns and Statements to Parliament with respect to the Public Revenue and Expenditure of the United Kingdom, all Accounts of all Receipts and Payments which shall be made of any of the Public Revenues, Duties or Taxes in Ireland, and also all Accounts of all Payments into and Issues out of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, shall be kept in such Form and Manner that the Total Amount of all Sums under ' each respective Head of Account, in all Accounts and Papers relating to Accounts to be laid before Parliament, shall be stated in British Currency, and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom at any Time to give such Orders and Directions as to them shall seem fitting and expedient for accomplishing the Purposes by the said Act intended to be carried into Effect: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provisions for the producing complete Uniformity in all Accounts, Statements and Returns whatever, relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Duties of Customs, Excise, Taxes, .Stamps and Postage, and all Rents and Revenues payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all other public Dues and Duties, and Revenues whatever payable in. Ireland, and all Drawbacks, Bounties or Allowances in respect of any such Duties shall cease to be estimated in Irish Currency, and shall be converted into British Currency in all Cases where the same are now payable in British Currency at the Time of the Commence-6 Geo. IV, B b ment

SC G.O. C. 98. § '26.

All Duties and public Revenues, and all Funds and public Debts, to be estimated in British Currency, and the Accounts thereof kept and

370

C. 79.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Dividends paid accordingly.

Proviso for the real Value in Gold or Silver Coin of the public Revenues, andofany Sums in Acts of Parliament, or otherwise as herein mentioned.

ment of this Act; and shall be estimated, levied, collected, received, accounted for and paid by the several Commissioners and Officers under whose Management such Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties or Allowances are collected, accounted for and paid in British Currency, so becoming the Currency and lawful Money of the United Kingdom, to be calculated after the Rate of Twelve thirteenth Parts as aforesaid, of the Sums which were to have been respectively paid in Irish Currency; and that the public Debt, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Debentures, Treasury Bills, and Securities payable or transferrable at the Bank of Ireland or payable in Ireland, and all Dividends and Interests thereon and all Payments thereout, shall cease to be estimated in Irish Currency, and shall be converted into British Currency, to be calculated in the Manner directed by this Act, and shall be estimated, transferred, received, paid and accounted for, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, so becoming the Currency and lawful Money of the United Kingdom; and that all Accounts, Entries, Books, Papers, Returns, Statements, Writings, Certificates, Receipts and Documents whatsoever relating to the said Duties and Drawbacks, or to such public Debt, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Debentures, Treasury Bills or Securities, or to the Dividends or Interest thereon, or to any Receipts and Payments whatever relating to the same, shall be made up and kept and stated in the Currency and lawful Money of the United Kingdom, to be calculated as aforesaid; and in no other Currency, nor according to any other Amount whatever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not be deemed or held to increase or decrease or alter the Quantity of Gold or Silver Coin to be paid or payable in Discharge of, or in any way in Reference to any public Revenue or Debt, or in Discharge of or in Reference to any Sum or Sums of Money contained or mentioned in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at any Time prior to the Commencement of this Act; nor in any Manner to affect or take away any Franchise, Right, Benefit, Privilege or Advantage resulting from the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, Rents or Property of the Value mentioned in any Act or Acts of Parliament; nor to increase or decrease or alter the Quantity of Gold or Silver Coin, to be paid or payable in Discharge of or in Reference to any Sum or Sums of Money due or payable at the Time of the passing of this Act, or which may become due or payable at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, under the Authority or by virtue of any Usage or Custom which shall be in force prior to the Commencement of this Act; nor to increase or decrease or alter the Quantity of Gold or Silver Coin to be paid in Discharge of or in Reference to any Sum or Sums of Money contained or mentioned in any Law or Bye Law of any Corporation or other public Body, or payable under any Authority whatsoever, at any Time before the Commencement of this Act.

V. And Whereas in the converting of Monies of Irish Currency into British Currency, certain Fractional Parts of a Penny ' frequently arise, such Fractional Parts being invariably Four,

17 4 Eight,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 79.

371

4 Eight, Twelve, Sixteen, Twenty, Twenty four, Twenty eight, Thirty two, Thirty six, Forty, Forty four or Forty eight Fifty second Parts of a Penny British Currency respectively; and in all Returns from the Exchequer of Ireland to the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the Sums ' as stated in British Currency, consist of Pounds, Shillings, Pence and such Fractional Parts of a Penny as aforesaid; hut such Fractional Parts are not capable of being represented in actual

Receipts and Payments of Money by any Current Coin; and it is expedient, in order to prevent Uncertainty in all Receipts ' and Payments, public and private, of Money so converted into ' British Currency from Irish Currency, that a Scale should be

adopted, by which such Uncertainty should be obviated Be it therefore enacted, That whenever, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, upon the Calculation of any Amount of Money converted into British Currency from Irish Currency, there shall be any Fraction of a British Penny, not exceeding Four Fifty second Parts of a Penny, no Sum of Money whatever shall be asked, demanded, taken, received or paid, on Account of any such Fraction; and that in all Receipts and Payments whatsoever, public or private, of any Amount of Money converted into British Currency from Irish Currency, upon the Calculation of which Amount there shall appear any Fraction of a British Penny, exceeding Four Fifty second Parts of a Penny, the several Fractions of Eight, Twelve and Sixteen Fifty second Parts of a Penny shall be considered as equivalent to One Farthing; and the Fractions of Twenty, Twenty four, Twenty eight and Thirty two Fifty second Parts of a Penny shall be considered as equivalent to One Halfpenny; and the Fractions of Thirty six, Forty, and Forty four Fifty second Parts of a Penny shall be considered as equivalent to Three Farthings; and the Fraction of Forty eight Fifty second Parts of a Penny shall be considered as equivalent to One Penny; and that the Sums of One Farthing, One Halfpenny, Three Farthings and One Penny, British Currency respectively, shall and may be demanded and taken and received, and shall be paid and satisfied in British Copper Coin, in all Receipts and Payments whatever of the Amount of any such Money so converted into British Currency from Irish Currency, as equivalent and equal to the said several beforementioned Fractions of a British Penny respectively; and that all Sums under the Amount of Twelve Pence Irish Currency shall and may be demanded, taken and received, and shall be paid and satisfied in British Copper Coin; and the Amount of the Fractions of a Penny, which shall result on converting such Sums of Irish Currency into British Currency, shall be calculated and paid in Manner hereinafter directed according to the several Rates aforesaid.

VI. And for the Purpose of facilitating the Calculation of the Interest payable to the Proprietors of any public Stocks or Funds in Ireland, when the Principal shall be converted into British Currency; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, to direct that the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland

B b 2 shall

Proviso for the Payment of Fractions of a Penny British Currency;

and for Payments in Receipts and Payments of Money converted into British from Irish Currency, in respect of Fractions herein mentioned;

and of SiiVns under 12 d. Irish, in British Copper Coin.

On converting Irish Funds into British, all Pence and Fractions of a Penny of the Principal Sum.

372

C. 79.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

to be paid with Dividend, at Bank of Ireland;

and repaid on certifying the same to the Bank by Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Proviso as lo Fractions of a Penny in respect of annual Sums charged on Consolidated Fund.

Contracts, &c. may be according to Foreign Currency,

shall pay, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the Dividends upon any such Stocks or Funds, at the first or any other Time when any such Person or Persons shall receive any such Dividend after the passing of this Act, all Pence and all Fractions of a Penny of the Amount so converted into British Currency, of the Capital or Principal Sum of any such Stocks or Funds upon which such Dividends shall be payable respectively: Provided that such Payment shall not in any case exceed One Shilling to any One Proprietor of any Sum in any One of such Stocks or Funds; and that the Amount of the Capital or Principal Sum remaining to each Proprietor shall he thereby made to consist of Pounds and Shillings only of the Currency of the United Kindom.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, upon making up their Books preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half Yearly Dividend, certify to the Vice Treasurer in the Exchequer in Ireland and the Loan Clerk there (or to such other Officer or Officers as shall be directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them), the Amount of all Sums of Money so paid by the said Governor and Company in the Year preceding, and such Loan Clerk or other Officer shall certify, by his Signature, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, the total Amount of all such Payments; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and required to grant their Warrant to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to pay to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, out of any Funds or Monies at the Disposal of the said Commissioners, the total Amount of the Payment so made by the said Governor and Company within any such Half Year and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to make such Payments accordingly, and to place the same to the Account of the Reduction of the National Debt in the Accounts of the said Commissioners; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the Purpose of avoiding as much as possible the

Introduction of the Fractional Parts of a Penny into the Public Accounts and Statements, be it enacted, That in any case where an}' annual Sum chargeable on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall, at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, be payable in Irish Currency, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, upon the Conversion of any such Sum into British Currency, to direct that such Addition may be made to any such annual Sum as shall be sufficient to exclude Fractions of a Penny from the Amount of any such annual Sum and the several Quarterly Payments thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Gift, Grant, Contract, Bargain, Sale or Dealing for Money, or any Bill, Note, Draft, Acceptance, Receipt

6° GEO. IV. C. 79.

37 3

ceipt or Acknowledgment for the Payment of Money, or any Matter or Thing relating to Money, from being made or had according to the Currency of Foreign Parts.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Debts, Contracts, Liabilities, Matters or Things relating to Money, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, arising by Implication of Law out, of, or being founded upon any Gifts, Grants, Contracts, Bargains, Sales or Dealings, Matters or Things, made, done or had prior to the Commencement of this Act, shall be held, deemed and construed to be within the Meaning of this Act, as Debts, Gifts, Grants, Contracts, Liabilities, Bargains, Sales or Dealings, Matters, or Things, made or had prior to the Commencement of this Act, and shall be construed accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Day after the Commencement of this Act, as shall be named and appointed in and by any Proclamation which shall be made and issued for that Purpose by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council in Great Britain, and by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, the several Silver and Gold Coins of Great Britain shall circulate and be current in Ireland at the same nominal as well as real Value as in other Parts of the United Kingdom, and shall be taken, paid, accepted and computed, as representing and divisible into the like Number of Pence, and as representing the like nominal Sum of Money as such Coins are respectively current for and are divisible into, and do represent in Great Britain, and not as current for or as representing or divisible into any greater Number of Pence, or as representing any greater nominal Sum of Money than the same are current for, or are divisible into, or do represent in Great Britain; that is to say, the British Silver Sixpence shall circulate, and shall be taken, accepted, paid and computed as current for and divisible into and representing Sixpence only, and not Sixpence and One Halfpenny; the British Silver Shilling as Twelve Pence and not as Thirteen Pence; the British Silver Halfcrown Piece as Thirty Pence or Two Shillings and Sixpence, and not as Thirty two Pence and One Halfpenny, or as Two Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny; the British Silver Crown Piece as Sixty Pence or Five Shillings, and not as Sixty live Pence or Five Shillings and Five Pence; the British Gold Coin of a Half Sovereign as One hundred and twenty Pence or Ten Shillings, and not as One hundred and thirty Pence or Ten Shillings and Ten Pence; the British Gold Coin of a Half Guinea as One hundred and twenty six Pence or Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and not as One hundred and thirty six Pence and One Halfpenny or Eleven Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny; the British Gold Coin of a Sovereign as Two hundred and forty Pence, or Twenty Shillings or One Pound, and not as Two hundred and sixty Pence or One Pound One Shilling and Eight Pence; the British Gold Coin of a Guinea as Two hundred and fifty two Pence or One Pound and One Shilling, and not as Two hundred and seventy three Pence or One Pound Two Shillings and Nine Pence; and the British Gold Coin of a Double Sovereign as Four hundred find eighty Pence or Forty Shillings or Two Pounds, and not

B b 3 as

Gifts by Implication of Law, within this Act.

After a Day to be named by Proclamation, British Silver and Gold Coins shall be current in Ireland at the same Rate of Pence as in G. B., and not as heretofore in Ireland.

374-

C. 79.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

On like Proclamation Irish Copper Coin shall be brought into the Bank of Ireland, and exchanged there for British Copper Coin, at the Rate herein mentioned, and Irish Copper Coin shall cease to circulate.

Proviso for Payment of Sums under 12c/. Irish in British Currency, ljd. Irish, and under.

Fi'bm 1 }/i. to

4$d.

From *J|d. to

S(L

as Five hundred and twenty Pence or Two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom in force in Ireland, at any Time before the passing or Commencement of this Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And Whereas the Copper Money coined to be current

in Ireland is of less Value than the Copper Coin or Money

current in Great Britain Be it enacted, That from and after such Day as shall be named and appointed in and by any Proclamation, which shall be made and issued for that Purpose, by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Great Britain, and by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons naving or possessing any Copper Coin or Money of the Currency of Ireland, and passing after the Rate of Thirteen Pence or Twenty Six Halfpennies for the Shilling British Currency, to bring any such Copper Coin, and to deliver the same at the Bank of Ireland, during such Period and within such Time as shall be mentioned and specified in such Proclamations; and that there shall be delivered at the said Bank of Ireland, to every Person bringing in and delivering such Copper Coin of the Currency of Ireland, a Sum in the current Copper Coin of Great Britain, after the Rate of Twelve Pence of such British Copper Coin for every Thirteen Pence or Twenty six Halfpence of such Copper Coin of the Currency of Ireland, so to be brought and delivered at the said Bank of Ireland; and that from and after a Day to be mentioned in such Proclamations as aforesaid, all Copper Coin of the Currency of Ireland shall cease to be current in Ireland, or in any Part of the United Kingdom, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas Sums under the Amount of Twelve Pence of the Currency of Ireland cannot in certain Cases be paid by any equivalent Number of Pence, Halfpence, and Far-

things of the Currency of Great Britain, and it is unavoidable ' that in the Payment of several of such Sums an inconsiderable Loss of a Part of a Farthing must be incurred either by the Debtor or Creditor; and it is necessary that some plain Rule not liable to be misunderstood should be applied to ascertain upon which Party such inconsiderable Loss should fall Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Sums of One Farthing, One Halfpenny, Three Farthings, One Penny, One Penny Farthing and One Penny Halfpenny of Irish Currency, shall be paid and satisfied by the Payment of One Farthing, One Halfpenny, Three Farthings, One Penny, One Penny Farthing, and One Penny Halfpenny respectively, in the Copper Currency of Great Britain; and that all Sums of Irish Currency exceeding One Penny Halfpenny, and not exceeding Four Pence Three Farthings, shall be and shall be deemed to be acquitted, paid and satisfied by the Payment of a Sum of the Copper Coinage of Great Britain, less by One Farthing than the expressed Amount of the Sum so payable in Irish Currency; and that all Sums of Irish Currency exceeding Four Pence Three Farthings, and not exceeding Eight Pence, shall be and shall be deemed to be acquitted, paid and

satisfied

C. 79.

375

satisfied by the Payment of a Sum of the Copper Coinage of Great Britain, less by One Halfpenny than the expressed Amount of the Sum so payable in Irish Currency; and that all Sums of Irish Currency exceeding Eight Pence and not exceeding Eleven Pence Farthing, shall be and shall be deemed to be acquitted, paid and satisfied by the Payment of a Sum of the Copper Coinage of Great Britain, less by Three Farthings than the expressed Amount of the Sums so payable in Irish Currency; and that all Sums of Irish Currency exceeding Eleven Pence Farthing and not exceeding Twelve Pence, shall be and shall be deemed to be acquitted, paid and satisfied, by the Payment of a Sum of the Copper Coinage of Great Britain, less by One Penny than the expressed Amount of the Sum so payable in Irish Currency.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of ' Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes,

4 Receipts and Game Certificates, in Ireland, it is among other ' Things enacted, That it shall be lawful for Bankers or other Persons in Ireland, registered in Manner required by the said recited Act, who shall have made and issued any Promissory Note or Notes for the Payment to Bearer on Demand of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly stamped, from time to time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof,

but not afterwards, to re-issue any such Promissory Notes or Note without being liable to pay a further Duty in respect thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that from and after the Commencement of this Act all such re-issuable Notes for the Payment of any Amount of Money in Irish Currency should cease to be re-issued, and that such Bankers should be relieved from the Loss arising from the ceasing to re-issue such Notes before the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, which shall be made and issued in Ireland by any registered Banker or other Person, and re-issuable under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be made payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and not in Irish Currency; and that it shall not be lawful for any such registered Banker, or other Person in Ireland, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, to re-issue any Promissory Note or Notes payable in Irish Currency, which shall have been issued in Ireland at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, and which shall be paid by such Banker or other Person at any Time after the Commencement of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Banker or other Person shall, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, re-issue any such Note or Notes, such Banker or Bankers shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty of the like Amount incurred under any Act or Acts relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

B b 4 XV. And

Froim 8d. to

111*.

From lH<i to

12 d.

55 G.3. c. 100.

§ 8.

Notes made by Bankers to be re-issuable, to be made payable in British Currency.

No Notes payable in Irish Currency to be reissued after Commencement of this Act.

Penalty.

376

C. 79.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Bankers may deliver into Stamp Office any re-issuable Notes paid after Commencement of this Act, and receive new Stamps in lieu in manner herein mentioned *

Publication of Act, and Explanation thereof, throughout Ireland, by Order of the Treasury.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any registered Banker, or other Person in Ireland, who shall have lawfully issued or re-issued any such Promissory Notes, re-issuable aforesaid, at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, and who shall have paid the same at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, and before the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, to bring, send and deliver such Notes, or cause the same to be brought, sent and delivered to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and at the same Time to deliver a Quantity of Paper, and require the same to be stamped with Stamps denoting the Duty on Promissory Notes re-issuable as aforesaid, in lieu of the Stamps on the Notes so brought in and delivered; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, upon such Proof and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose direct and require, to cause any such Paper to be stamped or marked with such Stamps, denoting the Duties payable in respect of Promissory Notes re-issuable as aforesaid, as shall be required by such Banker or other Person to the several Amounts following; that is to say, in case the Notes so brought in and delivered shall be dated at any Time within One Year next before the Time when the same shall he so brought in and delivered, then the Banker Or Person delivering the same shall in lieu thereof be entitled to and shall receive Stamps on such Paper so brought to be stamped as aforesaid, to an Amount equal to the Whole of the Stamp Duties "on such Notes so brought in and delivered; and in case the Notes so brought in and delivered shall be dated at any Time exceeding One Year and not exceeding Two Years, next before the same shall be so brought in and delivered, then such Banker or other Person shall, in lieu thereof, be entitled to Stamps to ah Amount equal to Three Fourths of the Stamp Duties on such Notes so brought in and delivered; and in case the Notes so brought in and delivered shall be dated at any Time exceeding Two Years, and not exceeding Three Years next before the Time when the same shall be so brought in and delivered, then such Banker or other Person shall, in lieu thereof, he entitled to Stamps to an Amount equal to One Half of the Stamp Duties on such Notes so brought in and delivered.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of' them for the Time being, from time to time to publish and distribute, or to order or cause to be published or distributed, Copies of this Act, or any Extracts therefrom, or any Explanation thereof, or any Orders or Directions relating thereto, throughout Ireland, together with such Tables, showing the Difference between British and Irish Currency, or between the Irish Currency and the Currency or lawful Money of the United Kingdom, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall from time to time think fit; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to direct the Issue of such Sum or Sums of Money from time to time out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, as- may be necessary for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of so doing. -

6° GEO. IV. C. 79, 80.

377

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and not sooner.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits; and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the Warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties payable in W respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the Warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation; ' He it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much and such Parts of the several Acts in force at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, as grant any Duty on Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, or upon Spirits extracted in England for Plome Consumption, or extracted in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and imported into England, or Duty on any Licence for distilling, rectifying or compounding British Spirits, or for the Sale of Spirits, or as regulate or relate to the Distillation of such Spirits by Per-. sons licensed to make or distil such Spirits in England, or the Mode of charging the Duty thereon, or on Wort or Wash brewed or made to extract such Spirits, or as regulate or relate to the Rectification or Compounding of such Spirits in England by Persons duly licensed for that Purpose, or the Strength at which it is lawful to keep in Stock or send out Spirits, or as regulate or relate to the Intercourse or Removal of British Spirits made in, England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, or as relate to the Distillation of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England, or to the several other Matters and Things expressly provided for by this Act, but not otherwise, and so much and such Parts only as aforesaid of the said several Acts shall be and are hereby repealed accordingly; save and except so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts, or any Part or Parts of any former Act or Acts, and except also so far as the said Acts or any

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended, &c. this Session.

From Jan.5, 1S26, so much of the Acts in force for granting Duties on British Spirits and Licences, and regulating the Trade of Distillers and Sellers of Spirits, &c. in England, repealed.

378

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Making, &c. Spirits under the said repealed Laws.

Penalty.

New Duties on Spirits.

How Duties on compounded Spirits computed.

Duties: On Licences to Distiller*..

of them relate or relates to the charging, recovering, prosecuting, suing for, levying, paying, accounting for, allowing, abating or mitigating of any Duty, or any Arrear thereof, which shall have been or shall be chargeable or payable on any such Spirits, or on any- Wort or Wash, under the said Acts or any of them, or of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them, which shall have been or shall be committed at any Time on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, all which Suits or other Proceedings, Matters and Things, shall and may be had and proceeded on, and shall remain, and be to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Acts had not been repealed in Manner aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to make or distil any Spirits under the aforesaid Laws and Regulations hereby repealed, from or after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings per Gallon for every Gallon of the Spirit so made or distilled, at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise following; (that is to say),

For and upon every One hundred Gallons, Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sikes s Hydrometer, which shall be made or distilled in England by any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Sum of Thirty five Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, and for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the First Maker or Distiller of such Spirits:

For and upon every One hundred such Gallons of Spirits, of such Strength as aforesaid, which shall have been or shall be made and extracted in Scotland or Ireland respectively, and warehoused there without Payment of Duty, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse thete, for the Purpose of being brought or imported into England for Consumption, the Sum of Thirty five Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength, or any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Distiller or Proprietor thereof, at the Time of the Delivery of such Spirits from the Warehouse in Scotland or Ireland respectively, for the Purpose of being brought or imported into England\

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on all sweetened or compounded Spirits imported into England from Scotland or Ireland, or into Scotland or Ireland from England, the Duties aforesaid, according to the Proportions aforesaid respectively, shall be computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which Spirits can be made.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in England, the Sum of Ten Pounds:

For

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits in England, the Sum of Ten Pounds:

For every Licence to be taken out by any Dealer in Spirits in England, not being a Retailer thereof, the Sum of Ten Pounds: For every Licence to be taken out by any Retailer of Spirits in England, if the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such Spirits at the Time, of taking out such Licence shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be of the Value, or rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Ten Pounds per Annum, Two Pounds:

If at Ten Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds, Four Pounds and Four Shillings:

If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds, Six Pounds and Six Shillings:

If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds, Seven Pounds and Seven Shillings:

If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty Pounds, Eight Pounds and Eight Shillings:

If at Forty Pounds per Annum, and under Fifty Pounds, Nine Pounds and Nine Shillings:

And if at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, Ten Pounds:

The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the respective Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, Dealers and Retailers taking out such Licences respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and the Drawback by this Act imposed and granted shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured and paid by such Persons, at such Times and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter directed and set forth, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which other Duties and Drawbacks of Excise may be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same, and every of them, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, except only so far as the same are expressly altered or repealed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons in England, to have or keep any Still whatever, for the Purpose of making or distilling, or rectifying or compounding

Spirits

379

Rectifiers, Sec. Spirit Dealers. Spirit Retailers,

By whom paid.

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund.

Duties and Drawback under Commissioners of Ex-#ise, and levied under this Act and former general Excise Laws.

No Person shall keep any Still whatever witfi-out a Licence under the Pro-

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

380

visions of tins Act.

Mow long to continue.

LicenceJo be renewed annual lj\

Distilling, &c. without Licence.

Penalty.

Distiller, &c. continuing to work whose Licence is forfeited.

Penalty.

Spirits without having first obtained a Licence for that Purpose, under the Provisions of this Act, signed by the Commissioners of Excise, or any Two of them, or by some Person or Persons directed or employed by them to grant such Licence, or by a Collector and Supervisor of Excise within their respective Collection and District, according to the Law or Laws of Excise for granting Licences; and every such Licence shall and may be according to such Form, and shall contain such Particulars as the said Commissioners of Excise shall and may from time to time direct; and every such Licence to be granted under the Provisions of this Act shall continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October next after the Date thereof and no longer: Provided always, that Persons in Partnership, carrying on any One such Trade or Business in One House or Place only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One such Licence in any One Year and that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to have, keep or make Use of any Still, or to prepare or make any Wort or Wash, or to distil any Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, or rectify or compound any Spirits, in any other House or Premises than the House or Premises mentioned in such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful far any Person at any Time after the Tenth Day of October next, after the Date of any such Licence for keeping a Still, which shall be granted to such Person under this Act, to continue to keep or work, or to use any Still, or to brew or make any Wort or Wash, or to distil any Low Wines, Spirits or Feints, or to rectify or compound any Spirits, until such Person shall have obtained a new Licence for that Purpose, and shall have performed all such Requisites as are required and directed by this Act to be done, either previously or subsequently to obtaining the First or original Licence, and so in every Year, so long as such Person shall continue the Business of a Distiller or Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits; and if an}r Person shall continue to keep or work or shall use any Still, or shall make or brew any Wort or Wash, or shall distil any Low Wines, Spirits or Feints, or rectify or compound any Spirits contrary hereto, every such Person shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all such Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, and every such Still with the Head and Worm thereof, and all other Vessels and Utensils therewith used or containing such Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, whose Licence shall be forfeited under the Provisions of this Act, shall afterwards, until newly licensed, make or brew any Wort or Wash, or shall distil any Low Wines, Spirits or Feints, or shall rectify or compound any Spirits, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all such Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Spirits and Feints, and all Vessels and Utensils containing the same, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

381

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to or be held by any Person or Persons to have, keep or make use of any Still for making or distilling Spirits, nor shall any Person or Persons be permitted to make Entry of any House or Place, or of any Still or Utensil for making or distilling Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, unless such Person or Persons shall be an inhabiting Householder, occupying a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, and for which he, she or they shall be accordingly assessed in their own Name, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates in the several Parishes or Places in which they shall respectively reside, or unless such House or Place (except any Distillery established and licensed on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five), shall be situated within, or within One Quarter of a Mile of a Market Town, containing at least Five hundred inhabited Houses; and that no Entry of any House, Place, Still or Utensil, for making or distilling of Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, shall be of any avail to any Person not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be so qualified, or where such House or Place, except as aforesaid, shall not be so situated as aforesaid; and every Person making or distilling Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, and not qualified as aforesaid, or in any House or Place except as aforesaid, not so situated as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her or them made, be deemed and taken to be Persons making and distilling Wash, Low Wines and Spirits without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making and distilling Wash, Low Wines and Spirits without Entry, are by this Act in such Case made subject and liable.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Licence to be granted under the Provisions of this Act shall authorize any Person to have, keep or make use of any Still or other Utensil, for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits, the Body of which without the Plead thereof shall be of less Capacity or Content than Four hundred Gallons; and that it shall not be lawful for any Distiller, keeping or using any Still of smaller Content without the Head than Three thousand Gallons, to keep or use in any Distillery at the same Time more than Two Wash Stills and Two Low Wines Stills, upon pain of forfeiting for every Still kept or used by any such Distiller at the same Time, to distil Wash or Low Wines respectively, above the Number aforesaid, the Sum, of One hundred Pounds for every such further Still, and for every Time that the same shall be so used; and every such further Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Person making or keeping any Wash prepared or fit for distilling or making Low Wines or Spirits, or any Low Wines or Feints, and having in his, her or their Custody or Use any Still or Stills, shall be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be a Distiller, liable to the several Duties of Excise, and to the several Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures imposed by this Act relating to Distillers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wort shall be brewed or made by any Distiller, or if an}' Still shall be made

use

Proviso as to Qualification and Habitation of Person licensed, or making Entry of House 01-Still for making Wash, Low Wines or Spirits.

Penalty,

Persons herein described keeping a Still of less than 400 Gallons, or using in any Distillery more t han Two Wash Stills and Two LowWineStills.

Penalty.

What Persons

deemed

Distillers.

Distillers brewing or employ-

382

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ing a Still on Sunday.

Penalty.

Regulations for erecting certain Chargers and Receivers.

Number of Chargers and Receivers, &c.

Greater

Number.

Penalty.

Description of Wash Charger.

Description of Dow Wines Receiver;

use of by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, at any Time between the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Saturday, and the Hour of One of the Clock in the Forenoon of the next succeeding Monday, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder in each and every such Case, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed under this Act to keep any Still for distilling Spirits, shall, after being so licensed, and before making such Entry as is by this Act required of any Still or other Vessel or Utensil to be used by such Person, erect and keep the several Vessels hereinafter enumerated, and in the Manner and for the Purposes hereinafter described, that is to say; One Vessel to be called a Wash Charger, One other Vessel to be called a Low Wines Receiver, One other Vessel to be called a Low Wines and Feints Charger, One other Vessel to be called a Feints Receiver, One other Vessel to be called a Spirit Receiver, and, except as hereinafter mentioned, One other Vessel to be called a Spent Lees Receiver.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That there shall not be erected or kept in any Distillery more than One such Wash Charger, and One such Spirit Receiver, nor more than Two such Low Wines Receivers, nor more than Two such Feints Receivers, nor more than Two such Low Wines and Feints Chargers; and if any greater Number of such Vessels and Utensils as aforesaid shall be found in any Distillery, the Distiller in whose Distillery the same shall be found shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and all such Vessels exceeding the Number aforesaid, together with the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such Wash Charger shall be a close covered Vessel, and the Content thereof shall not be less than that of the largest Wash Still; and every such Wash Charger shall be connected with the Wash Still or Stills by one close Metal Pipe to each such Still, having a Cock or Cocks thereon, one End of which Pipe shall be fixed into the Bottom of such Wash Charger, and the other End thereof shall be fixed into each such Still; and to such Wash Charger there shall be one other close Metal Pipe, having a Cock thereon, one End of which Pipe shall be fixed into the Pump or Pumps placed in the Jack Back, if any such Vessel shall be used, or otherwise to the Pipe or Trough communicating with the fermenting Wash Backs, and the other End of such Pipe shall be fixed into such Wash Charger, and such Charger shall not have any Communication with any other Vessel or Utensil whatever; and every such Low Wines Receiver shall be a close covered Vessel, with a Pump fixed therein, for the Conveyance of Low Wines from such Receiver into the Low Wines and Feints Charger or Chargers, and there shall be One close Metal Pipe, externally visible for its whole Length, attached to and leading directly from the Safe at the End of the Worm of the Wash Still, and fixed into every such Low Wines Receiver or Receivers, so that all Low Wines running into such Pipe from such Safe shall immediately be discharged therefrom into such Receiver or Receivers, which Receiver

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

383

ceiver or Receivers shall not have any Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, except as aforesaid; and every such of Feints Feints Receiver shall be a Close covered Vessel, with a Pump Receiver; fixed therein, for the Conveyance of Feints from such Receiver into the Low Wines and Feints Charger or Chargers, and there shall be One close Metal Pipe, externally visible for the whole Length, attached to and leading directly from the Safe at the End of the Worm of the Low Wines Still, and fixed into every such Feints Receiver or Receivers, so that all Feints running into such Pipe from such Safe shall immediately be discharged therefrom into such Receiver or Receivers, which Receiver or Receivers shall not have any Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, except as aforesaid; and every such Low of low \vines Wines and Feints Charger shall be a close covered Vessel, con- and Feints nected with the Low Wines Still or Stills, by a close Metal Pipe Charger; to each such Still, having a Cock or Cocks thereon, one End of which Pipe shall be fixed into the Bottom of such Charger, and the other End shall be fixed into each such Still, and each such Charger shall have Communication with the Low Wines and Feints Receivers respectively, by means of close Metal Pipes, one End whereof respectively shall be fixed to each such Charger, and the other End whereof shall be attached to the Pump or Pumps, to be so fixed as aforesaid in the Low Wines Receiver or Receivers, and Feints Receiver or Receivers respectively, and such Charger shall not have any Communication with any other Vessel or Utensil whatever, except as aforesaid; and of Spirit Re-every such Spirit Receiver shall be a close covered Vessel, and ceiver. shall not have any Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatever, except with the Safe of the Low Wines Still, by means of one Close Metal Pipe, externally visible for its whole Length, attached to and leading directly from such Safe at the End of such Worm, and fixed into such Spirit Receiver in such Manner as that all Spirits running therein from such Safe shall run directly and be discharged therefrom into such Spirit Receiver without resting in the said Pipe, and in every such Spirit Receiver there shall either be a Pump placed and fixed for emptying the same, or a proper Discharging Cock for drawing off the Spirits therefrom; and that each and every such Charger and Re- Dipping Rods ceiver shall be erected and kept in a convenient and public Si- to be fixed in tuation in the Still House, or to the Approbation of the Commis- Chargers, Re-sioners of Excise, and exposed to open View and easy of Access ce, vers'c c* and Inspection to the surveying Officer on all Parts thereof, and each such Charger and Receiver respectively shall have a sufficient Cover thereon, with a rectangular Dipping Hole cut in such Cover, not more nor less than an Inch square, and in which Dipping Hole there shall be placed such Dipping Rod as shall be provided by the proper Officer, who shall secure such Rod in such Manner as to him shall seem expedient, to prevent the Removal thereof out of any such Charger or Receiver; and every Description of such Spent Lees Receiver shall be a close covered Vessel, and Spent Lees shall not have any Communication with any Vessel or Utensil Receiver, whatsoever, except with the Low Wines Still by means of One Close Metal Pipe, externally visible for its whole Length, attached to and leading directly from such Still, and fixed into such

Spent

384

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Constructing Chargers or Receivers contrary hereto,

Penalty.

Keeping Pipe or Opening in any Still, except as herein described.

Penalty.

Distillers to make Holes or Openings in Breast of Stills) through which Officers may take Samples.

Spent Lees Receiver, and which Pipe shall be the only Discharge Pipe of such Still, having a Cock thereon secured as the Supervisor or Surveyor surveying such Distillery shall direct and approve, and in the Bottom of which Receiver shall be an internal Safe and secure Plug in a Discharge Hole, and every such Receiver shall have One other Opening, not more than One Third of the Depth of such Receiver from the Top of such Receiver, covered and secured by an internal Metal Plate, perforated with circular Holes of not more than Four Tenths of an Inch in Diameter, and such Receivers shall have no other Opening whatsoever; and if any Charger or Receiver, or Pipe therefrom, or Cock therein, shall he made use of in the Distillery of any Distiller which shall not he erected, kept and constructed in Manner herein directed, or which shall have any Plole therein except the Trap Door in the Cover thereof, properly secured by the Officer for examining or cleansing such Receiver respectively, or any Communication with any other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, other than as by this Act is required, authorized and allowed, then and in every such Case such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Day during which such Charger or Receiver, or Pipe or Cock, shall remain in the Distillery of such Distiller.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Distillery, or any House for distilling, rectifying or compounding Spirits, or any Place adjoining thereto, there shall be any Pipe or Conveyance whatsoever leading directly or indirectly to or from any Still, or from the Head thereof, or an)' Opening whatever, into or out of any Still other than such Pipes, Conveyances and Openings as are prescribed by this Act, or if there shall be any Opening whatever into or out of the Worm of any Still, except the Communication which such Worm shall have with the Still or the Head thereof, and the Opening into the Safe at the End of such Worm, save and except such Air Valve or Conductor as shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or such Person as they shall employ, then and in every such Case the Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in the Breast of every Still used by any Distiller, there shall be a Hole or Opening made, whereby the Officers of Excise may be enabled to take Gauges and Samples, at the Time and in the Manner required by this Act; and such Plole or Opening shall be not less than Two Inches in Diameter, and shall be contrived so that the Officers may take a Sample or Samples from the Still with a Phial, to be drawn perpendicularly through the same, and also, so that any such Still may he thereby cleansed, subject to such Directions as the said Commissioners of Excise may think fit to give in that behalf; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided by the Supervisor of Excise for the District, at the Expence and Charge of every such Distiller, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the said Hole or Opening, and for securing the Head of each and every Still, and the Furnace Door of each and every Still respectively used by such Distiller; and all such Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of

Excise;

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

SS5

Excise; and if any Still shall be set up or used by any Distiller,

in the Breast whereof such Hole or Opening of the Size aforesaid shall not be made, or if any Distiller shall not observe any Directions which may be given by the Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid in that behalf, or if such Locks and Fastenings shall not be paid for and maintained as aforesaid, or if the Officer shall be prevented or hindered by any Distiller, or his, her or their Servants or Workmen from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or if any of the Locks, Seals and Fastenings as aforesaid shall be wilfully and injuriously opened, broken or damaged, or if by any Means, 'Device or Contrivance whatsoever, any Furnace Door, or any Fastening on the Head of any Still, or on the Hole or Opening in the Breast of any Still, shall be wilfully and injuriously opened by any Distiller, or by any Person in the Employ or under the Command of such Distiller, at any Time after the same shall have been locked and secured by the Officer of Excise, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence or Neglect respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the End of every Worm belonging to every Still in the Distillery of every Distiller, shall be inclosed and secured in such Manner and by such Mechanism and Means as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, and shall for that Purpose provide; and that all Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, from time to time running from the End of such Worm, shall run from thence into a Safe, inclosed and secured as aforesaid, and shall be conveyed directly and by such a Pipe and Pipes as aforesaid, open externally to the Inspection and Examination of the Officers for its or their whole Length from such Safe into the Receivers respectively, as the Case may be, of such Distiller; and if upon Demand by the proper Supervisor or Survejmr, the End of every such Worm in the Distillery of such Distiller shall not be inclosed and secured, and at the Expence of every such Distiller maintained and kept inclosed and secured by such Mechanism and Means as shall be so directed and provided as aforesaid, or if the whole of the Low Wines, Feints or Spirits coming from such Worm shall not be run into such Safe so inclosed and secured as aforesaid, or if such Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively, and every Part thereof, shall not be successively conveyed from such Safe, into the Low Wines Receiver, Feints Receiver and Spirit Receiver respectively, directly and by such a Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or if such Mechanism and Means of inclosing the End of such Worm and Safe as aforesaid shall not be affixed and kept and preserved affixed as aforesaid, or if at any Time after the End of any such Worm and any such Safe are inclosed and secured as aforesaid, the Mechanism or Means by which the same shall be inclosed and secured as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be destroyed or injured, or if by any Art or Contrivance, any Access shall be gained or had, except by the Sample Cock of such Safe, without Notice to, and with the Knowledge of, and in the Presence of the Officer, to the inclosed End of such Worm, or to any Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, from the Time of the Extraction or Distillation thereof in any such Still, until the same have been taken Account of by the Officers in the proper Receiver or Re-6 Geo. IV. C c ceivers,

Not making such Holes or Openings, or not paying for and maintaining Fastenings as herein mentioned

Penalty.

End of Worm of each Still to be inclosed and secured, and Spirits run into a close Safe, &c.

Distiller of-ending in the Particulars herein mentioned.

S86

C. 80.

.6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

t Sic.

Penalty.

Proviso where the Worm is found prejudicial.

Distiller to lceep a Discharge Cock to t»ch Still.

ceivers, or the Officers shall be in any Manner prevented from or hindered, baffled or defeated in ascertaining by such Apparatus the Strength and Quality of any Low Wines, Finesf or Spirits whilst running, or in taking a true Account in such Receiver or Receivers of all the Low Wines, Feints and Spirits distilled or made by such Distiller, then and in every such Case every such Distiller or other Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if inclosing and securing the End of such Worm or Safe as aforesaid shall upon Experiment be found to injure the Quality of the Spirits run therefrom, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, upon Proof thereof made to their Satisfaction, to order and direct, that no Distiller as aforesaid shall be required to inclose any such Worm End or Safe as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a Discharge Cock fixed to every Still, kept for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits, to be kept safely and securely locked by the proper Officer of Excise, except when opened by such Officer on reasonable Notice by the Distiller, not oftener than once in Six Hours, and such Discharge Cock shall not be more than Three Feet distant from the Body of such Still, or Eighteen Inches from the Brick Work, and shall be firmly attached to such Still by a straight Metal Pipe; and such Discharge Cock and Pipe shall be so fixed and placed, as that the Officers of Excise may at all Times have free and convenient Access to the same; and if any Distiller shall have or keep any Still to which there shall not be a Discharge Cock attached, and safely and securely locked in the Manner herein directed, or if there shall not be such Pipe as herein prescribed and directed, or if any Distiller shall open, injure or alter such Cock, except on Notice to and in the Presence of the Officer, and with his Consent, then and in each and every such Case, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that no such Discharge Cock shall be locked by the Officer where a Spent Lees Receiver is provided and fixed, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall provide and fix, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor, a proper Dis-Discharge Cock charge Cock or Plug and Plug Hole in every fermenting Wash fermernin1 Back, through which Cock or Plug Hole the Wash in such Wash Back shall from time to time be conveyed by a Main Pipe or open Trough into the Jack Back, if any, or into the Wash Charger; and such Main Pipe or Trough shall be placed and fixed in such Manner, that all Wash or Liquor put therein shall forthwith run and be discharged from thence into such Jack Back or Wash Charger, as the Case may be, and not elsewhere, except by a Sewer Cock fixed on such Main Pipe, and properly secured and fastened; and there shall not be any other Pipe or Conveyance entering into or passing out of any such Wash fermenting Back, except the Pipe for conveying Wort into such fermenting Back from the Coolers; and if such Discharge Cock or Plug shall not be provided and fixed as aforesaid, or if such Pipe or Trough shall not be placed i-md fixed as aforesaid, or if such Sewer Cock

11 thereon

Penalty. Locking Discharge Cock.

Distiller to keep a proper

Wash Back.

387

C. 80.

thereon shall not be fixed and secured as aforesaid, or if there shall be any other Pipe or Conveyance to or from any fermenting Back, except as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Distiller from placing any close Metal Pipe or Pipes in, but not opening into any Wash Back, for the Purpose of conveying through such Back, Hot or Cold Air or Water, for the Purpose of promoting or retarding the Fermentation of the Worts or Wash contained in such Back.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Cock required by this Act to be kept or used, shall be made and constructed in such Manner as shall be from time to time prescribed, and directed or approved by the Commissioners of Excise; and if any Cock required by this Act to be kept or used, shall be made, constructed or used otherwise, or differently than as shall at that Time be directed, prescribed or approved by the Commissioners of Excise, the Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, by whom such Cock shall be kept or used, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller and Rectifier or Compounder shall, at his own Expence and Charge, provide, maintain and keep the several Utensils, Cocks, Pumps, Pipes and Troughs which are required by this Act, and shall also provide, maintain and keep, at the Expence and Charge of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, proper and sufficient Fastenings for securing the several Cocks and Plugs required by this Act to be secured, and for securing the Covers of or belonging to the Chargers and Receivers hereinbefore mentioned respectively, and also for securing the Pumps, Vessels and Utensils permitted, allowed or required for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise surveying the Distillery of any Distiller, to lock, secure and fasten the several Cocks, Plugs, Covers, Pumps, Pipes, Vessels and Utensils, for which Fastenings are required to be provided, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Excise may direct as aforesaid, and to keep the same and each and every of them so locked, secured and fastened at all Times, except when such Officer shall be required, under the Provisions of this Act, to attend, and shall, attend to open and unlock the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Cocks, Plugs, Pumps, Fastenings, Pipes, Troughs and other Utensils required or permitted or allowed by this Act, shall be made, placed, affixed and kept at the Expence of the Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, in proper Repair and Condition, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise, and shall from tinieto time be altered and repaired at the Expence of such Distiller, Rectifier and Compounder, as such Officer shall require; and that the several Locks and Keys which shall be necessary for the locking and securing any Still or any other Vessel or Cock, or other Utensil, shall be supplied by such Supervisor at the Expence of such Distiller, Rectifier and Compounder; and such Officer shall and may from time to time cause all and every or any such Locks and Keys to be altered repaired or renewed, as he may think fit and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, at the Expence of such Distiller, Rectifier

Penalty. Distiller may place certain Pipes as herein mentioned.

Construction of Cocks required to be used.

Penalty.

Distiller to provide Cocks, Pumps, Fastenings, &c. at his own Expence.

Officer to secure Cocks.

All such Cocks, Fastenings, &c. shall be kept and affixed to the Satisfaction of the Officer.

38s

Distiller neglecting and offending in the Manner herein mentioned in Relation to providing, and otherwise, as to CocWs, Pipes, Fastenings, &c

Penalty.

Each Back and fixed Vessel for keeping Spirits to have a Dipping Place, constructed as herein mentioned.

Penalty.

or Compounder; and if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall not, at his own Expence and Charge, before he shall proceed to brew or distil, rectify or compound Spirits, provide, place and affix, and shall not afterwards maintain all such Coverings, Fastenings, Cocks, Pipes, Pumps, Troughs and Utensils, or any of them, to the Satisfaction of the proper Supervisor, or shall not cause the same or any of them to be altered, amended, repaired or renewed, or shall not on Demand pay such Supervisor for any such Locks or Keys as such Supervisor shall supply, alter, amend, repair or renew for the Purposes aforesaid, or if at any Time any such Cover, Fastening, Cock, Pipe, Pump, Lock or Key shall be broken, damaged or injured, or if any Person not being the proper Officer of Excise, shall open the same or any of them, or shall make, procure or use, or cause to be made, procured or used, any false or Duplicate Key, or any Instrument for breaking or opening any such Cock, Lock or Fastening, or if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall, in the Construction of any such Cover, Fastening, Cock, Pump or Pipe, cause or procure the same to be so made, or shall knowingly use the same or any of them when so made, as that the said Vessels or Utensils, or any of them may be employed, opened, removed, filled or emptied in the Absence of the proper Officer of Excise, so as to avoid, or in any Manner defeat the Security intended to be given or provided by any of the Regulations of this Act, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Person so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That at or near the Top of every fermenting Wash Back and at or near the Top of every fixed and entered Vessel for storing or keeping Spirits in the Premises of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, there shall be an Opening or Dipping Place, at which the Officer may conveniently take his Dip or Gauge of the Contents of such Vessel, and a Plate of Brass or other Metal shall be fixed and shall always remain fixed at such Dipping Place, to secure the same from being worn or altered, and all such Backs and Vessels respectively shall be gauged and tabled by the Officers of Excise in such Manner as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise in that Behalf, and shall be placed and kept in convenient Situations, and shall be at all Times easy of Access to the Officer, for his more readily and effectuallyinspecting and examining it in every Part, and taking the Dip or Gauge thereof; and if in any such Back or Vessel there shall not be such Opening or Dipping Place so constructed and secured as aforesaid, or if any such Back or Vessel shall not be placed and kept in a convenient Situation, and easy of Access to the Officer as aforesaid, or if the Officer shall at any Time, by any Means whatever, or in any Manner whatever, be prevented from ascertaining the Quantity and Gravity, or either of them, of any Wort or Wash contained in any fermenting Wash Back, or the Quantity or Strength of any Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, in any Vessel, then and in every such Case such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

S$9

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That if the Opening or Dipping Place, or the Level of any Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid, shall be in any Manner altered, or if any Device or Contrivance whatever shall be used to deceive any Officer in taking any Dip or Gauge of any Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel or Utensil, as aforesaid, or to prevent any Officer from taking a true Account of the Quantity of Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits which may be contained in any Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid respectively, then in each and every such Case, such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Situation or Position of any entered Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel, Utensil or Pipe as aforesaid shall be in any Manner altered at any Time after such Entry as is by this Act required shall have been made or given thereof, or the Size of any Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid shall be in any Manner altered at any Time after the proper Officer shall have ascertained the Capacity or Content thereof, unless on such Notice as is herein provided, then in each and every such Case such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer to alter the Size, Situation or Position of any entered Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel, or Utensil or Pipe, or to erect and set up any new Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel, Utensil or Pipe, on giving Two Days' Notice in Writing of such intended Alteration to the proper Officer, specifying the particular Still, Back, Receiver or other Vessel, Utensil or Pipe, and the Size, Situation or Position of which is intended to be altered, and making Entry of such new Still, Back, Receiver, Vessel, Utensil or Pipe in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and conforming in all respects to the Regulations in this Act contained in that Behalf.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, by any Instrument in Writing under the Hands of Two or more of them, to permit and allow any licensed Distiller or Rectifier, working under the Regulations of any Act or Acts in force prior to the passing of this Act, to keep or use such of the Vessels or Cocks already fixed or used in the Distillery of such Distiller, as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioners be secure, and adapted to the Purposes for which such Vessels or Cocks are respectively prescribed or required by this Act; and that no Distiller to whom such Permission shall be granted, shall be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, in respect of such Distiller keeping or using any such Vessels or Cocks so permitted, although the same may not be conformable with the Provisions of this Act; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of Excise shall require that the Water contained in any Worm Tub in or belonging to any Distillery, at any Time when such Still shall not be at Work, shall be drawn or run toff, and the Tub

Unduly altering Dipping Place of any Vessel.

Penalty.

So of Position or Size of any Vessel.

Penalty. Proviso for Alteration by Distiller on Notice to Officer.,

Commissioners of Excise may authorize Distillers to use their present Utensils.

Officer may order Water to be drawn off from Worm Tub, ferEx-

amiDation of Worm and Tub.

Refusal.

Penalty.

True Content to be cut, branded, or painted on moveable Casks, also Name and Place of Stock of Trader.

Penalty.

Entry to be made of the several Places and Utensils of Trade.

Mode of Entry.

Also Account of Places where Business carried on;

C. 80. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and Worm cleaned, the Water shall forthwith be drawn or run off, and the Tub and Worm cleansed by the Distiller, his or her Servants or Workmen accordingly; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or run off at the Request of such Officer, and the Tub and Worm forthwith cleaned, and the Water kept and continued out of such Worm Tub for the Space of Two Hours, or until the Surveying Officer has finished his Inspection and Examination of such Tub and the Worm therein, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Worm Tub shall be situate, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Officer to draw or run off, and keep drawn and run off such Water, or so much thereof, and for so long Time as he shall think necessary.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder and Dealer in Spirits, shall cause to be legibly cut, branded or painted on the Outside of both of the Heads or Ends of each rolling or moveable Cask used by him or her for keeping or delivering out Spirits, and shall at all Times keep thereon so cut, branded or painted, the full and true Number of Gallons which every such Cask shall be capable of containing, together with his or her Name or Firm of Trade, and the Name of the Place where his or her Stock is kept; and every such Cask which shall be found containing Spirits without the full and true Number of Gallons which the same is capable of containing, and the Name and Place aforesaid, being so cut, branded or painted thereon, together with the Spirits contained therein, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller shall give any Notice of brewing or making any Wort or Wash, as by this Act is required, and also before such Distiller shall commence to brew or make any Wort or Wash, and before any Rectifier or Compounder shall receive, rectify or compound any Spirits, or any Dealer or Retailer shall receive or sell any Spirits, each Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer and Retailer respectively shall make Entry by delivering or causing to be delivered to the proper Collector of Excise, or other Officer authorized to receive the same, an Account in Writing, signed by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer and Retailer respectively, to be entered and registered by such Collector or other Officer, setting forth his or her Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where the Premises intended to be entered of such Person or Persons is or shall be situated, and also setting forth a true Description of all and every Vessel and Vessels, and Utensil and Utensils whatsoever, erected and intended to be therein used in or for the Purposes of such Trade or Business respectively, and the Number of Gallons which each and every or any Still, together with the Plead thereof, is capable of containing, and specifying fully and distinctly in every such Account, the Purpose for which each Vessel and Utensil is intended to be used; and also an Account of the several Houses, Rooms and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Person is to be carried on, or for distilling, rectifying or compounding any Spirits, or in which any Spirits are to be kept; and in such written Account every such Utensil, and also every such House, Room or Place, shall be distinguished by the separate

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

391

and distinct Number and Name relating thereto respectively, which shall have been painted thereon pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and every such Account shall be in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars as shall be from time to time directed and required or authorized by the Commissioners of Excise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer and Retailer respectively, shall paint, or cause to be legibly painted, and shall keep, or cause to be kept so painted, upon some conspicuous Part of every Utensil intended to be used by him or her in his or her Trade or Business respectively, and on the Outside of the Door of every Apartment and Place wherein any Part of the Trade or Business of such Person is to be carried on, or wherein any Spirits are to be kept, the Name of each such Utensil, Apartment or Place, according to the Purpose for which the same is respectively intended to be used; and shall also paint in Manner aforesaid, separate Numbers relating to each, and every such Utensil, Apartment and Place, in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One for each Denomination, Kind or Description of Utensil, Apartment or Place, upon pain of forfeiting for every Neglect thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That together with every such Account there shall be delivered a Drawing or Drawings, or Description or Descriptions, distinctly showing the Course, Direction, Construction and Use of all fixed Pipes to be used by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, and of all and every Branch and Branches thereof, and of all and every Cock and Cocks therein, together with every Place, Vessel or Utensil, from or to or with which any such Pipe shall lead or communicate; and every Pipe to be used by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, except for the Conveyance of Water and Spent Wash only, shall be so fixed and placed as to be capable of being inspected and examined by the Officer for and through the whole of its Length or Course, and shall be painted and kept painted as hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, every Pipe for the Conveyance of Wort or Wash shall be painted of a Red Colour, every Pipe for the Conveyance of Low Wines or Feints shall be painted Blue, every Pipe for the Conveyance of Spirits shall be painted White, and every Pipe for the Conveyance of Water shall be painted Black; and if any Pipe shall be used by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, not set forth as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose than shall be set forth as aforesaid, or which, except as aforesaid, shall not be fixed or placed or painted and kept painted as herein directed, or which shall be painted otherwise than as herein directed, such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller to set forth in the Account by this Act required to be signed and delivered, that any Still or Vessel mentioned therein is intended to be used for more than One Purpose respectively; and every such Entry in which any Still or other Vessel shall be described by any Distiller as intended to be used for Two or more Purposes, shall, in respect to such, Still or Vessel, be

: C c 4 deemed

as directed by Commissioners of Excise.

Utensils and Stores to be marked.

Penalty.

Drawing or Description to be given, showing the several Matters herein mentioned.

Pipes used in Distillery to be painted.-

Penalty.

Distiller entering any Utensil to be used for more than one Purpose.

392

Penalty. Having any Utensil or Place not set forth, or not numbered as set forth.

Penalty.

Regulations for using Houses for rectifying or compounding Spirits in respect of distance from Still Houses and Houses for rectifying or compounding Spirits, or of other istiil cries.

Penalty.

and Entries of such Houses void.

C. 80. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

deemed and taken to be void; and such Distiller shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Still or Vessel, or Utensil whatever, shall at any Time be used or applied by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, for or to any Purpose connected with the Distillation, Rectification or Compounding of Spirits, or if any fixed Cask shall at any Time be used by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, for holding or keeping Spirits; or if any House, Room or Place shall be used by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer of Spirits, for the carrying on any Part of the Process of Distillation, Rectification or Compounding of Spirits, or for the keeping of any Spirits, which Still, Vessel, Utensil, Cask House, Room or Place, shall not have been set forth, or shall not have been numbered as set forth, or shall be in any other Place than shall be set forth, or shall be used or applied for or to any other Purpose than shall be set forth, or shall not in all respects correspond with the Representation thereof, as set forth in the Account by this Act required to be signed and delivered by such Person, then and in every such Case, he or she so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and every such Still, Vessel or other Utensil or Cask, and all Spirits or Materials for distilling Spirits, which shall or may be contained in any such Still, Vessel, Utensil or Cask, or which shall or may be found in any such House, Room or Place, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall erect, set up, enter or make use of any House or Premises whatsoever, in England, for rectifying or compounding Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making or distilling Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any other House or Premises which shall be entered or used for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making or distilling Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits; nor shall any Person or Persons whomsoever erect, set up, enter or make use of any House or Premises whatsoever, in England, for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making or distilling Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any other House or Premises which shall be entered or used for rectifying or compounding Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making or distilling Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits, by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, on pain of forfeiting, in each and every such Case, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Week that any such House or Premises shall be erected, set up, entered or used respectively, contrary to such Prohibition as aforesaid; and all and every Entries or Entry of any such House or Place so made use of contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that the

Prohibition

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV,

C. 80.

393

Prohibition and Penalty aforesaid shall not extend or apply, or be deemed or construed to extend or apply, to or in respect of any House or Premises which may have been erected, set up, entered, used, occupied or employed contrary to the Prohibition aforesaid, for preparing Wort or Wash, or making or distilling Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding, or for receiving or keeping Spirits respectively by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, or any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, on the Fifth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, so long as such House or Premises continue to be so entered and used, and so long as no Part of any such House or Premises entered, used, occupied or employed by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, and any Part of any such House or Premises, entered, used, occupied or employed by any other Distiller or Maker of Spirits, or any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, shall have any Way, Opening or Communication whatsoever by which any Wort, Wash or Spirits can be removed or conveyed from the One into the other of such Houses or Premises, other than by Carriage of a Cart or Waggon through and by an open Street or Road.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits, or Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, shall upon the same Premises carry on the Trade or Business of a Distiller, or Maker of Spirits, or of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, and of a Brewer of Beer, or of a Maker of Sweets, Vinegar, Cyder or Perry, or of a Refiner of Sugar; nor shall any Distiller or Maker of Spirits enter or make use of any House or Premises for preparing Wort or Wash, or making, distilling, or keeping Spirits; nor shall any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits enter or make use of any House or Premises for rectifying or compounding, or for keeping Spirits, having any Communication, Opening or Way, internally, or with or into or through any Inclosed or Private Yard, Garden, Field, Passage, Private Road or Place, with another House or Premises used or employed by any Brewer of Beer, or Maker of Sweets, Vinegar, Cyder or Perry, or Refiner of Sugar, or by any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that where any House or Premises shall appear to have been so entered and made use of as aforesaid by any Person or Persons on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall continue to be so entered and used on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to grant, by Order in Writing, their Special Licence to such Persons to continue such Use of such Premises, for such Time, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and upon Payment of such annual Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of extra Survey of such Premises as they may think fit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller who shall have made Entry of any Distillery, Place or Utensils, for the purpose of distilling Spirits, shall be permitted to withdraw such Entry whilst any Wash, Low Wines or other Materials preparing or fit for Distillation, are remaining in any of the Places, or in any of the Utensils so by him or her entered as aforesaid \

but

Proviso as to extending such Penalty to Houses and Premises herein described.

Distiller and Rectifier or Compounder not to be a Maker of Beer, Sweets, Vinegar, Cyder or Perry, or Refiner of Sugar, &c.

Penalty. Proviso for Premises entered as herein mentioned.

N» Entry of Distillery or Utensils withdrawn, whilst Wash or other Materials for Distillation are

C. 86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

remaining

therein.

Distillers, Rectifiers and Compounders to affix Board over Distillery Grate, importing they are licensed.

Penalty.

Unlicensed Persons affixing such Board.

Penalty.

Officer knowing of or suspecting Private Still, &c. within Limits of Head Office or elsewhere and making Oath thereof as herein mentioned.

but in every such Case, the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Distiller shall then be, shall continue to survey the Distillery, Places and Utensils mentioned in each such Entry, until all the Wash, Low Wines, and other Materials shall be worked off, and the Duties charged on the Produce thereof paid, or until the Spirits made therefrom shall be legally removed from and out of the said entered Places, and then, and not till then, shall any such Entry made as aforesaid be withdrawn.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, who shall be licensed under this Act, shall forthwith cause to be painted, with Letters publicly visible and legible, at least Three Inches long, the Name or Firm of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, at full Length, and, after such Name, the Words " Licensed Distiller," " Rectifier or Compounder," as the Case may be; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall cause such Painting to be in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of the Distillery or entered Premises of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, over the Gate or Entrance Door thereto, not more than Three Feet from the Top of such Gate or Entrance Door; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall preserve and keep up such Painting during the Continuance of his, her or their Licence; and in Default of making such Painting, or keeping the same so made, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Person, on or before whose Flouse or other Place any Painting, Board or Sign shall be fixed or erected, importing that such Person is a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or exercises or carries on the Trade of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or purporting that such Person is licensed so to do, shall not at the Time be duly licensed for such Purpose, then and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall know, or have cause to suspect that any private or concealed Still, Back or other Vessel, for making Worts or Wash, or for making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or any privately made Spirits or Low Wines, or any Wash or other Materials preparing for Distillation, are set up or kept in any House or Place, then and in such Case, if such House or Place shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, where such House or Place shall be, or before the Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them; or, in case the same shall be in any other Part of England, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be so set up and kept, setting forth the Ground of such his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night-time,

then

A.t>. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C.SO. 395

then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Proceedings Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein,) to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place, where he or they shall so know or suspect such private or concealed Still, Back or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash or Materials for Distillation, are so set up and kept, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize all and every such Still,

Backs or other Vessels, and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, and other Materials preparing for Distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the House or Place where found, or to remove the same to the Office of Excise next to the Place where the same shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not within Ten Still, &c. not Days next after such Seizure be claimed by the true and lawful ^aimed Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs and other Vessels, T^Days* for-Spirits, Low Wines, Wash and other Materials for Distillation felted and shall be absolutely forfeited, and the Proprietor of any such Penalty on Proprivate or concealed Still, Back or other Vessel, or the Person in prietor, &c. whose Custody the same shall be found, whether such Seizure be claimed or not, shall forfeit and lose for every Place in which every such private Still, Back or other Vessel shall be so found, and also for every such Still, Back and Vessel found therein, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons Obstructing shall obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of Officer.

Excise, or others acting in their Assistance, in the due seizing any such private or concealed Stills, Backs or other Vessels,

Spirits, Low Wines, Wash or other Materials for Distillation, or in detaining or keeping the same in the Place where found, or in removing the same or any of them, after Seizure to the next Office of Excise as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. P^alty *

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Officers em-for any Officer or Officers of Excise at all Times, as well by gnte^Distil-Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Distillery, Still ieries.

House, Out House and Place whatsoever of or belonging to or made use of by any Distiller of Spirits, and to gauge, measure and take an Account of every Still or other Vessel or Utensil of any Kind of or belonging to or kept therein by any such Distiller, and to gauge and take an Account of the Quantity and Strength of all Spirits, Low Wines and Feints which shall be from time to time made or distilled, and of the Quantity and [Gravity of all Wort and Wash which shall be from time to time made use of in the Distillery of such Distiller, and of all Bub and other Compositions for exciting or producing Fermentation in any Wort or Wash, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or distilling of Spirits which shall be in such Distillery or in the Possession of such Distiller; and if any Officer of Excise or any Person or Distiller or Persons acting in his Aid or Assistance, shall be hindered, ob- Servant structed or prevented by any Distiller, or by any Servant or Per- officers!^ son acting for or in the Employment of such Distiller, from entering, or shall not be permitted to enter into any Distillery or any House, Outhouse or other Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by such Distiller, or having entered, shall be hindered; obstructed or prevented from doing or executing any

Part

396

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Not giving Admission to Officer after declaring his Name and Business.

Penalty.

Officer may break open Distillery.

Distillers, Rectifiers and Compounders, to furnish Officer with Ladder and Lights, on demand by Officer;

and to assist Officer in gauging, &c.

Penalty.

Officers may break up Ground in Distillery, to search for private Pipes, &c.

Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, such Distiller shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise, after having demanded Admittance into the Distillery of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, and having declared his Name and Business at the Gate or Entrance Door, or at any Window of such Distillery, shall not be immediately and without Delay admitted into such Distillery, such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if such Officer shall not be immediately and without Delay admitted into such Distillery of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, after having so demanded such Admittance, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, and any Person or Persons acting in his Aid or Assistance, at all Times, as well by Night (if in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer) as by Day, to break open by Force any of the Doors or Windows, or break through any of the Walls of such Distillery as shall be necessary to enter such Distillery.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made in the Distillery of any Distiller, or in the entered Premises of any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, strong, safe and convenient Ladders shall not be provided, and conveniently and firmly placed, and of Length sufficient to enable the surveying Officer to ascend to and examine, and descend from any Vessel or Utensil in any such Distillery or Rectifying or Compounding House or Premises, or to gauge or ascertain the Content or Capacity of any Vessel or Utensil therein; or if any such Ladder shall not be fixed at or in any Part of such Vessel or Utensil where such Officer shall require; or if on any Visits made by any Officer of Excise, on Demand of any such Officer, sufficient Lights and sufficient Aid or Assistance shall not be supplied for the Purposes of his or their gauging or ascertaining the Content or Capacity of any Vessel or Utensil, or of searching for and gauging and taking an Account of all Wort, Wash, Bub, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, and of all Materials fit or proper for Distillation in such Distillery, or in the Possession of such Distiller, and all Spirits in the Possession of such Rectifier or Compounder, as well by Day as by Night, every Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder so offending, or on whose entered Premises such Neglect or Offence shall take place, shall in any of the Cases aforesaid for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance by Night or by Day to break up any Ground in any Part of the Distillery or entered Premises of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or any Ground near adjoining such Distillery or Premises, or any Wall or Partition thereof, or belonging thereto, or other Place, to search for any Pipe or Cock, or any private Conveyance or Utensil, and upon finding any such Pipe or Conveyance leading therefrom or thereto, to break up the Ground, House, Wall or Other Place through or into which such Pipe or other Conveyance

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

397

ance shall lead, and to break up or cut away any such Pipe, Cock or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, and to examine whether such Pipe or other Conveyance may or can convey or conceal any Wort, Wash or.other Liquor fit for Distillation, or Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, from the Sight or View of the Officer, so as to hinder or prevent him from taking or keeping a true Account thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller to make or brew at the same Time any Wort or Wash, or to make or distil any Spirits from Malt, Corn or Grain, or any Mixture thereof, and from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof respectively, or to make or brew any Wort or Wash, or distil any Spirits from any other Materials whatsoever; and if any such Distiller shall at the same Time make or brew any Wort or Wash, or shall make or distil any Spirits from Malt, Corn or Grain, or any Mixture thereof, and from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof respectively, or shall at any Time make or brew any Wort or Wash, or distil any Spirits from any other Materials whatsoever, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Wort, Wash and Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall, under the Regulations of this Act, intend or desire to distil Spirits from Worts or Wash, brewed and made from Sugar or Potatoes only, shall, Six Days before he shall commence to brew or make any Wort or Wash, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer surveying such Distillery, in which Notice shall be stated that such Distiller intends to use Sugar or Potatoes only, not being mixed with any other Materials whatever; and if, at any Time after such Notice shall have been given, any Corn, Grain or Malt, ground or bruised, or other Material for Distillation, except Sugar or Potatoes, according to such Notice as aforesaid, shall be found in such Distillery, or in any Store, Mill or other Premises thereto belonging; or if any Wort or Wash, made of any Materials, save and except Sugar or Potatoes only, as the Case may be according to such Notice, shall be found in the Distillery of such Distiller, or in any Store belonging to such Distillery, then and in each and every such Case such Distiller shall (except in the Case hereinafter provided) forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have given any such Notice of using Sugar or Potatoes only as aforesaid, shall intend to commence or to recommence to use the other of them, or to use Corn or Grain and Malt, at any Time when there shall not be any Wort or Wash, or Sugar or Potatoes respectively, in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Time being at least One Calendar Month distant from the Time such Distiller began to use Sugar or Potatoes only, under any such Notice, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days' previous Notice to the proper Officer, so to commence or recommence to use the other of them, or to use Corn or Grain and Malt, and such Distiller shall not thereafter be liable to any such Penalty aforesaid: Provided also, that if any Distiller using Corn or Grain and Malt, shall be desirous of commencing or recommencing to use Sugar or Potatoes only as aforesaid, at any

Time

Distillers not to distil at the same Time Spirits from Grain and from Sugar or any other Materials.

Penalty.

Notice to be given by Distiller of his Intention to use Sugar or Potatoes.

Using Grain after such Notice.

Penalty.

Distiller using Sugar or Potatoes may commence using Grain on giving Notice.

Distiller using Grain may commence

398

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV.

using Sugar or Potatoes only, on giving Notice.

Scotch and Irish Distillers may distil from Sugar or Potatoes under the Regulations of G.4. c. 94.

During the Recess of Parliament, the King may, by Proclamation, prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, &c.

General Directions as to the Mode and Course in which Wash, &c. shall be conveyed through the several Utensils.

A.D. 1825.

Time when there shall not be any Wort or Wash, or Malt, Corn or Grain in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Time being at least One Calendar Month from the Time such Distiller shall have commenced or recommenced using Corn or Grain and Malt as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days' Notice as aforesaid, so to commence or recommence to use Sugar or Potatoes only.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall be lawful for any licensed Distiller in Scotland or Ireland to make or brew any Wort or Wash, and to make or distil Spirits from Sugar only, or from Potatoes only, any Thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever Sugar or Potatoes are used for that Purpose, the same shall be done under the like Rules and Regulations as are contained in a certain Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, For granting certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, for making or brewing Wort or Wash, and making and distilling Spirits from Malt only, unmixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain, except that in the Annual Account of every such Distiller, so far as shall relate to Spirits made or distilled from Sugar, he shall be chargeable and charged with Duty after the Rate or Proportion of One Gallon of Proof Spirits for every Four Degrees of the declared Gravity of the Worts, from which such Spirits were made or distilled.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times during the Recess of Parliament, it shall, from the excessive Price of Corn, appear expedient to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to prohibit the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Barley, Malt and any other Sort of Grain, and from Meal and Flour, or any Mixture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors from time to time, by his or their Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, or by his or their Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette from time to time, to prohibit the making, extracting or distilling of any Kind of Low Wines or Spirits from Barley, Malt and any other sort of Grain, and from Meal and Flour, or any Mixture thereof, for any Time or Times during such Recess, or until Twenty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Wash which shall be made in the Distillery of any Distiller, shall be fermented in the fermenting Wash Backs of such Distiller, and shall be conveyed directly from thence into the Wash Charger, and shall be conveyed from such Charger into the Wash Still or Stills, there to be made or distilled into Low Wines, and all Low Wines shall be conveyed directly from the Safe at the Worm End of the Wash Still or Stills into the Low Wines Receiver or Receivers, and shall from thence be pumped up or conveyed into the Low Wines

A.D. 1825.

C. 80.

899

6° GEO. IV.

and Feints Charger or Chargers, and shall be conveyed directly from such Charger or Chargers into the LowWines Still or Stills, there to be redistilled; and all Spirits produced by such Redistillation shall be conveyed directly from the Safe at the Worm End of the Low Wines Still or Stills into the Spirits Receiver or Feints Receiver or Receivers, and so much of such Spirits as shall be conveyed into such Feints Receiver or Receivers shall be pumped or conveyed directly from thence into the Low Wines and Feints Charger or Chargers, and shall be conveyed directly from such Charger or Chargers into the Low Wines Still or Stills to be redistilled, and the Produce of the last mentioned Redistillation, and of every other Redistillation, shall in like Manner be conveyed directly from the Safe at the Worm End of the Low Wines Still or Stills into the Spirit Receiver, or into the Feints Receiver or Receivers, and no Feints conveyed into such Feints Receiver or Receivers shall in any case be removed from thence, except by pumping or conveying such Feints directly into the Low Wines or Feints Charger or Chargers, from whence such Feints shall be conveyed directly into the Low Wines Still or Stills for Redistillation, until the Whole of such Feints shall be made into Spirits, and conveyed and run into the Spirit Receiver, and no Spirits conveyed into the Spirit Receiver shall be redistilled or shall be removed from such Receiver, except into the Cellar or Store Room of the Distiller, in the Manner hereinafter provided; and if any Distiller shall ferment or suffer to be fermented any Wash, or shall remove or distil, or suffer to be removed or distilled any Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, contrary or otherwise than according to the Directions and Provisions aforesaid, or shall not convey and run the whole of the Spirits made or distilled by him into the Spirit Receiver, such Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively, together with all Vessels and Utensils wherein the same may be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and the Distiller so offending shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits so removed or distilled, and not conveyed and run into the Spirits Receiver, at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

L. And for more effectually securing the Duties on Spirits granted by this Act, and regulating the Process of the Distillation of such Spirits, be it enacted, That in the Distillery of every Distiller, the Periods of Brewing and Distilling shall be always alternate and distinct Periods, One to be called the Brewing Period, and the other the Distilling Period; and that no Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Feints, shall be distilled in any such Distillery, and that no Still in any such Distillery shall be made use of from the Commencement of any such brewing Period until Twelve Hours after the Expiration thereof; that is to say, from the Commencement of any Process of wetting, brewing or mashing any Malt, Corn or Grain, or Sugar or Potatoes, until Twelve Hours after every such Process shall have ceased, and all the Wort or Wash in such Distillery shall have been collected into the fermenting Backs in such Distillery, and that no Malt or

Corn,

Wash, &c. not so conveyed.

Penalty.

Distiller to brew and distil in alternate Periods only as herein mentioned.

40Q

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Distiller to give INotice of each Brewing of Wort.

Penalty.

Kept separate.

Penalty.

Notice of Brewing and recommencing Brewing.

Contents of Notice as to Gravity of Wort, &c.

Corn, or Grain, or Sugar, or Potatoes, shall be wetted, brewed or mashed, nor shall any Wort or Wash be made or produced in any Distillery during any distilling Period; that is to say, from the Commencement of the Distillation of any Wort or Wash in any Distiller}^ until after all the Wort or Wash in such Distillery or Possession of such Distiller, and all the Low Wines or Feints in such Distillery or Possession of such Distiller, shall have been distilled into Spirits and conveyed and run into the Spirits Receiver of such Distillery, save and except such Feints as shall have been produced by the last Redistillation of the last Charge of the Low Wines Still or Stills, and until the several Furnace Doors of each and every Still in such Distillery shall have been locked and secured by the proper Officer; and if at any Time during such brewing Period, any Wort or Wash, or Low Wines or Feints shall be distilled, or if any Still shall be made use of in the Distillery of any Distiller, or if at any Time during such distilling Period, any Malt or Corn or Grain or Sugar or Potatoes shall be wetted, brewed or mashed, or any Wort or Wash shall be made or produced in the Distillery of any such Distiller, then and in each and every such Case, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall from time to time, at least Six Hours before he shall mash or brew as aforesaid, deliver to the proper Officer of Excise, a Notice in Writing, in which shall be set forth the Day and Hour when such Mashing or Brewing is to be commenced and made, and shall then, or within Six Flours after any such Brewing shall be finished, deliver as aforesaid the true Quantity and Weight of the Materials intended to be, or which shall have been used or employed, and whether Grain or Sugar or Potatoes respectively; and in case any Mashing or Brewing of any Materials is commenced or made in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice having been given as aforesaid, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such Distiller to mix or cause to be mixed in any fermenting Back or Vessel the Produce of Two or more different Brewings of Wort or Wash, or any Part thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, after having made such Entry as is by this Act required, shall, before commencing to brew or make any Wort, and in like Manner every such Distiller, who shall at any Time have discontinued making or brewing any Wort for any longer Period than One Calendar Month, shall, before recommencing to make or brew any Wort, give Six Days' Notice in Writing to the Supervisor or Officer surveying the Distillery of such Distiller, in which Notice shall be set forth the Day on which, and Sorts of Materials with which such Distiller intends to commence or recommence (as the Case may be) making or brewing Wort, and specifying the Gravity of the Wort or Wash intended to be made in the Distillery of such Distiller; and in any such Notice such Gravity as specified shall not be less than Fifty Degrees, nor more than Ninety Degrees; and in case such Distiller shall at any Time be desirous of using Wort of any other Gravity than shall have been specified in such

Notice,

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. SO-

401

Notice, but not being, of a Gravity less than Fifty Degrees, nor more than Ninety Degrees, such Distiller shall, in like Manner, Six Days before the Day on which he shall intend to use Wort at any other Gravity, deliver a Notice, specifying the Gravity of the Wort intended to be used in such Distillery, after the Day specified in such last mentioned Notice, such Distiller not having on such Day any Wort or Wash in the Distillery or Possession of such Distiller, and such Day being at least One Calendar Month distant from the Day mentioned in any last preceding Notice which shall have been given by such Distiller; and if any Distiller shall commence, or after such Discontinuance shall recommence the brewing or making any Wort, or if any Wort oj Wash shall be found in the Distillery or Possession of any such Distiller who shall not have given such Notice in Manner and in the respective Cases aforesaid, or at any Time before the Day set forth as aforesaid in any such Notice, or if at any Time there shall be found in the Distillery or Possession of any Distiller, except in the Mash Tun or Wort Underback or Coolers or Coppers in such Distillery, any Wort or Wash, the Gravity whereof shall exceed the particular Gravity which shall have been specified in any such Notice, then and in each and in every such Case, all such Wort or Wash shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no Vessel used by any Distiller shall be deemed a Wort Underback within the Meaning of this Act, unless the Depth of such Vessel shall be in every Part thereof Three Feet at the least, nor unless such Vessel shall be so situate in the Distillery of any Distiller, as that the Wort shall run directly into the same from the Mash Tun.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any such Saccharometer may be used for ascertaining the Gravity of Wort or Wash under this Act, as shall from time to time be prescribed for that Purpose by any Order of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Four of them; and that every Degree of Gravity to be ascertained by any Saccharometer under the Provisions of this Act, shall be calculated in the following Manner; that is to say, that distilled Water being assumed as Unity at the Temperature of Sixty Degrees by Fahrenheit's Thermometer, every Degree of such Gravity shall be correspondent to a Thousandth Part of the specific Gravity of such Water; and all Wort or Wash shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be of the Gravity at which the said Saccharometer shall, on the Application thereof, denote or indicate such Wort or Wash to be.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Wort intended to be run or conveyed into any fermenting Back of any such Distiller shall be conveyed into and collected therein within the Space of Eight Hours after the Running or Conveyance of such Wort shall have commenced into any such Back, and the Distiller shall immediately and without Delay reduce all such Wort to, should it exceed, the particular Gravity which shall have been specified in any such Notice, and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Number of the Back or Backs in which such Wort is contained, and the particular Gravity of such Wort, and also setting forth the Quantity thereof, by stating the 6 Geo. IV. D d Number

Distiller offending in respect thereof as herein mentioned.

Penalty.

What Vessel deemed a Wort Underback.

Saccharometers prescribed by Commissioners of Excise may be used.

How Degrees ascertained.

Declaration to be given of Quantity and Gravity of Wort when collected in fermenting Back.

402

Giving an urn-true Declaration, &c.

Penalty.

Increase of Gravity of Wort after Declaration.

Penalty.

Wort or Wash found to exceed in Gravity or Quantity the Gravity or Quantity previously ascertained by Officer. Proceedings thereon, and

Penalty.

C. 80. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825-

Number of Dry Inches, that is to say, the Number of Inches not occupied or wetted by the Wort, being the Space between the proper Dipping Place of such Back and the Surface of the Wort therein; and no Yeast or Barm or Bub or other Matter or Thing capable of causing Fermentation, shall be added to or mixed with the Wort or allowed to be in such fermenting Back for the Space of Two Hours next after such Wort shall have been collected in such fermenting Back or Backs, and reduced as herein directed, and after such Declaration shall have been given thereof as aforesaid, unless the proper Officer shall, within such Two Hours, have taken an Account of the Quantity and Gravity of such Wort; and if any Wort shall be conveyed into and collected in any fermenting Back or Backs in any other Manner than as is therein directed, or if the Gravity of all such Wort shall not be reduced as herein directed, or -if such Declaration shall not be given as herein required, or if any untrue Declaration shall be given of the Quantity or Gravity of any such Wort, or if any Yeast, Barm or Bub or other Matter or Thing capable of causing Fermentation shall be so added to or mixed with any Wort, or allowed to be in any such fermenting Back contrary hereto, then and in each and every such Case, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after any such Declaration as aforesaid shall have been delivered, the Gravity of any such Wort shall be found to exceed the Gravity specified in such Declaration, or if the Quantity of any such Wort or Wash shall be found to exceed by Five per Centum the Quantity of Wort mentioned in such Declaration, as the Quantity collected as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Founds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after any Officer of Excise shall have taken an Account of and ascertained the Gravity or Quantity of any Wort or Wash in any fermenting Back, any Wort shall be found in such Back or any Wash in Process of Fermentation shall be found in such Back, which shall exceed in Gravity the Wort or Wash in such Back of which such Account had been taken, or which shall exceed in Quantity, by Five per Centum or more, the Wort or Wash in such fermenting Back, of which such Account had been previously taken, all such Wort or Wash in such Back shall be considered as new Wort or Wash, and not included in any former Charge against the Distiller in whose Possession such Wort or Wash shall be found; and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of the whole Wort or Wash in such Back, in like Manner as such Distiller is by this Act chargeable in respect of any Wort or Wash not before charged, and the Wort 01 VTash of which such Account had been previously taken in such Back shall be deemed to be distilled or decreased, and the Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in respect of such Wort or Wash so deemed to be distilled or decreased, in like Manner as such Distiller is chargeable under this Act for any Wort or Wash actually distilled or decreased; and such Distiller shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

0.80.

403

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller who shall intend to make or prepare the Composition called Bub or any other Composition for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of any Wort or Wash, shall from time to time, at least Six Hours previous to the beginning to make or prepare any such Composition, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing to the proper Officer surveying the Distillery of such Distiller, specifying the Time when, and the particular Vessel or Vessels in which such Composition is to be made or prepared, and the particular Wash, fermenting Back or Backs into which the same is to be put, and also specifying the Quantity of such Composition to be put into every such Back, which Quantity shall not exceed the Proportion of Five Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of the Wort or Wash to which such Composition is to be so added; and it shall not be lawful for any Distiller to have or use at any Time any such Composition of greater Gravity than the Gravity of the Wort which such Distiller shall at such Time be authorized to use under the Provisions of this Act; and if any such Composition shall be made or prepared in the Distillery of any Distiller contrary to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, or if the Gravity of any such Composition shall be increased at any Time after the Officer shall have taken an Account thereof, or if the whole Quantity of such Composition shall not, as herein directed, be conveyed into the particular fermenting Wash Back or Backs specified in such Notice, within Twenty four Hours after the Time specified in such Notice for making such Composition, then and in each and every such Case, the Distiller in whose Distillery every such Offence or Default shall be committed or made shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the whole Wort or Wash brewed or made in any Distillery during any brewing Period, shall be collected into the fermenting Wash Backs in such Distillery, and before the Commencement of any distilling Period in the Distillery of such Distiller, and before any Still shall be made use of in such Distillery for the distilling of such Wort or Wash, a Declaration in Writing, by or on behalf of such Distiller, shall be delivered to the proper Officer, that the whole Wort and Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller is collected into the fermenting Wash Backs in such Distillery, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Officer surveying such Distillery at any Time, not being less than Twelve Hours subsequent to the Delivery of such Declaration, and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to open any Still or Stills in such Distillery, by removing such Fastenings as prevent such Still or Stills from being used; and if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be made use of before such Declaration shall have been delivered as aforesaid, or before the Expiration of such Twelve Hours as aforesaid, or if all the Wort and Wash in any such Distillery shall not then be collected as stated in such Declaration, then and in every such Case such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That Eight Hours before any Wash shall be conveyed from any fermenting Wash Back in the Distillery of any Distiller, a Notice in Writing shall be given

Regulations for Distillers making Bub or other Composition for exciting Fermentation.

Acting con- } trary to such Regulations.

Penalty. Distiller to declare before beginning to distil, that all Wort and Wash is collected into fermenting Backs.

Officer to act thereon.

Distiller

offending.

Penalty.

Distiller to give Notice before moving Wash from ferment-

C.SO.

A.D. 1825.

ing "Back to the Wash Charger.

Officer to attend and take Accounts, &c. Distiller offending.

Penalty.

Officer may order Samples of Wash to be distilled.

Distiller to clean out Low Wines Receiver, &c. and assist Officer in distilling a Charge of Wash out of any Wash Back required by Officer.

6D GEO. IV

to the proper Officer, by or on behalf of such Distiller, in which shall be stated the Number of the Back in which such Wash is contained, and the Day and Hour when such Wash is to be removed, and such Officer shall attend at the Time specified in such Notice, and after he shall have locked the Charging Cock or Cocks of the Wash Still or Stills, he shall remove all such Fastenings as prevent the Conveyance of such Wash from any Back, mentioned in such Notice, into the Wash Charger, and thereupon, forthwith and without Delay all the Wash which shall be contained in such fermenting Wash Back, or so much of such Wash as such Charger shall he capable of containing, shall be conveyed into such Charger in Manner prescribed in this Act; and such Officer, after having affixed and secured the Fastenings which he had so removed, shall be at liberty and authorized to take an Account of the true Quantity thereof, and shall thereupon unlock the Charging Cock or Cocks aforesaid; and if any Wash shall be removed before such Notice shall have been given, or shall be removed or conveyed from any other fermenting Back, or at any other Time or Manner than shall have been mentioned in such Notice, or before the proper Officer shall have removed or secured respectively such Fastenings as before mentioned, and taken Account of the true Quantity of the Wash in such Charger, such Distiller shall in each and every such Case forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer as aforesaid, and-he is hereby authorized and empowered to take and convey away out of such Distillery, from any Wash Back or Charger in the Distillery of any Distiller, a Sample not exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Gallons of the Wash contained in any such Back or Charger, and to cause such Sample of Wash to be distilled into Low Wines in any Still provided for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise, and such Officer shall guage or measure the Quantity, and ascertain the Strength of the Low Wines produced by the Distillation of such Wash.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Rank of Supervisor of Excise, at any Time to require that any Low Wines Receiver in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be emptied and cleaned out, and that any Quantity of Wash shall be conveyed into any Wash Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, and from any Wash Back as such Officer shall direct or require, in order that such Wash may be forthwith distilled into Low Wines; and all Persons in the Employ of such Distiller shall, on reasonable Notice, give and provide Aid and Assistance and Fuel to such Officer at his Request in distilling such Wash into Low Wines, and in conveying the whole of such Low Wines directly into such Low Wines Receiver which shall be so cleaned out, and such Low Wines shall be kept in such Receiver, unmixed with any Matter or Thing whatsoever, until such Officer shall have taken an Account of the Quantity and Strength of such Low Wines; and if such Low Wines Receiver shall not be emptied and cleaned out, or if such Wash shall not be conveyed into such Wash Still, or from such Wash Back, as shall be required by such Officer, or if such Aid and Assistance and Fuel sljall

not

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

405

not be given to such Officer in the distilling such Wash into Low Wines, or in conveying the whole of such Low Wines into such Receiver, or if such Low Wines shall not be kept in such Receiver, unmixed as aforesaid, until such Officer shall have taken such Account as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Distiller shall for each Default or Offence forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Two hundred Pounds.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case, Produce of whether such Low Wines shall have been produced from Wash Wash distilled distilled in any Wash Still in such Distillery, and conveyed into pordon herein* any Low Wines Receiver in such Distillery as aforesaid, or shall mentioned for have been produced from any Sample of Wash taken by such every Five De-Officer as aforesaid, and distilled in any Still provided by the Com- greesof Gravity missioners of Excise as aforesaid, such Officer shall ascertain the attenuate(h Quantity of Proof Spirit in and equivalent to such Low Wines, according to the Strength of such Low Wines; and if such Quantity of Proof Spirits so computed shall, in any of the respective Cases aforesaid, exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Gallon and One Quarter of a Gallon of Proof Spirits from each and every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash, for and in respect of every Five Degrees of the Gravity of such Wort or Wash which shall have been attenuated, as taken by the Surveying Officer; that is to say, for every Five Degrees of Difference between the highest Gravity of the Wort from which such Wash was produced, as declared by such Distiller pursuant to this Act, or as appearing on any Account thereof taken by the Officer, and the lowest decreased Gravity of such Wort or Wash, as taken by the Officer previous to the Distillation thereof as aforesaid, then, and in each and every such Case respectively, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and Penalty, also the Sum of Sixpence for every Gallon of Wort or Wash contained in the Wash Back from which such Wash so distilled was removed or taken: Provided always, that such Officer shall Officer to pay pay to such Distiller the Value of every Sample of Wash which retun^ProS or he shall so take away from such Distillery, or return the Produce, &c. duce thereof, and mix the Low Wines with the Low Wines of the Wash Back to which they belong: Provided also, that such Distiller may Distiller, or any Person acting in his Behalf, shall and may be be present, present at the Distillation of any such Wash, if such Distiller or other Person shall desire to be so present.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Wash shall Removing have been removed from any fermenting Back in any Distillery, Wash before it shall not be lawful to remove any Wash from any other fer- BaclTconve ed menting Back in such Distillery, until the whole Contents of such to stilL. first mentioned Back shall have been taken a separate Account of by the proper Officer in the Wash Charger, and conveyed into the Wash Still or Stills; and if any Wash shall be removed contrary hereto, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That Four Hours at least Notices to be before any Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits respectively shall be ^oyin °Low removed out of any of the respective Receivers of Low Wines, vvinesf Feffits or Feints or Spirits in the Distillery of any Distiller, a Notice in or Spirits from Writing, specifying the Day and Hour when such Low Wines, Receivers.

or

406

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Officer may remove fastenings.

Removing Spirits without Notice, or before Officer has removed fastenings.

Penalty.

Row Wines, Spirits and Feints produced from Wash in each Back, to be kept separate, until Account thereof taken. Proceedings upon such Account.

Acting contrary thereto.

or Feints or Spirits respectively are to be removed out of such Receivers respectively, shall be given to the proper Officer, by or in Behalf of any such Distiller; and such Officer shall attend at the Time specified in such Notice, and after having taken an Account of the Quantity and Strength of such Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits respectively, as the Case may be, such Officer shall remove the Fastenings of the Pumps, or other Conveyances used for the Removal or Conveyance of Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits, and of the Receivers containing such Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits respectively, and forthwith and without Delay all the Low Wines or Feints which shall be in such Low Wines or Feints Receiver or Receivers respectively shall be removed and conveyed into the Low Wines or Feints Charger or Chargers; and all the Spirits which shall be contained in such Spirit Receiver shall be removed and conveyed into the entered Spirit Storehouse of such Distiller; and if any Low Wines or Feints respectively shall not be removed and conveyed as aforesaid, or shall be removed from any such Receiver without such Notice, or at any other Time than shall have been specified in such No-Tice, or before the Officer shall have removed the several Fastenings, as herein directed, or if after such Officer shall have taken an Account of the Quantity and Strength of the Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits respectively in any such Receiver, any other Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits shall be conveyed into any such Receiver, until the whole of the Low Wines, or Feints or Spirits of which such Account shall have been taken shall have been removed or conveyed from any such Receiver, and the Fastening thereof shall have been again secured by such Officer, then in each and every such Case the Distiller in whose Distillery such Offence shall be committed shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Low Wines produced by the Distillation of the Wash contained in each fermenting Back in the Distillery of any Distiller, shall be collected and kept in the Low Wines Receiver or Receivers separate and apart from and unmixed with any Low Wines produced by the Distillation of any Wash contained in any other fermenting Back, or with any other Matter or Thing whatever, until an Account of the Quantity and Strength of such Low Wines so separately collected shall have been taken by the proper Officer; and upon such Account having been taken, all such Low Wines shall be removed from such Receiver or Receivers into the Low Wines or Feints Charger or Chargers, before any other Low Wines shall be made or produced from any subsequent Distillation of Wash in such Distillery; and all the Spirits and Feints produced by the Redistillat.ion of such Low Wines, of which such Account shall have been taken, shall in like Manner be collected in the Spirits and Feints Receiver or Receivers respectively, and kept therein separate and apart from, and unmixed with any other Matter or Thing (save as is hereinafter provided) until an Account of the Quantity and Strength of such Spirits and Feints respectively shall have been taken by the proper Officer; and if the whole Quantity of Low Wines, which shall be produced by the Distillation of all the Wash contained in each fermenting Back in the

Distillery

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

a so.

407

Distillery of any such Distiller, shall not be collected in the Low Wines Receiver or Receivers, separate and apart, and unmixed as aforesaid, or if all such Low Wines so collected shall not remain and be kept in such Receiver or Receivers, until an Account of the Quantity and Strength of such Low Wines shall have been taken therein by the proper Officer, or if all such Low Wines shall not be removed from the Receiver or Receivers, as herein directed, or if all the Spirits and Feints, respectively produced by the Redistillation of such Low Wines, of which such Account shall have been taken, shall not be so collected and kept separate as aforesaid (except as herein provided,) until an Account of the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits and Feints respectively shall have been taken by such Officer as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to mix with any such Feints so collected in such Receiver or Receivers, or with the Low Wines from which such Feints are produced, any Feints (if any) which shall have been produced by and which may remain on Hand after the Redistillation of the last Charge of the Low Wines Still with the Feints produced from the Low Wines of the preceding Back of Wash: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Distiller in whose Distillery any Feints shall have been collected, and an Account thereof taken as aforesaid, from redistilling, under the Provisions of this Act, the whole of such Feints, and in like Manner to redistil the whole of any Feints produced by such Redistillation; and also, in like Manner, to repeat the Process of redistilling the whole of any Feints produced by any such lledistillation, so often as it shall appear expedient to such Distiller so to do: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and such Officer is hereby authorized to take an Account of the Spirits and Feints respectively produced and collected as aforesaid on each and every such Redistillation as aforesaid, and to compute and ascertain the Quantity of Proof Spirits in and equivalent to such Spirits and Feints respectively, according to the Strength of such Spirits and Feints respectively; and such Distiller shall be chargeable and charged with Duty, under the Provisions of this Act, for the greatest Quantity of Proof Spirits which shall .appear to have been produced or deemed to have been produced, under the Provisions of this Act, from the whole of the Low Wines which shall have been collected and taken an Account of, as before mentioned, whether such greater Quantity of Proof Spirits shall appear from the First Redistillation of such Low" Wines, or from any such subsequent Redistillation as aforesaid.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in the Distillery of any Distiller, the Officer of Excise shall charge such Distiller with Duty for a Quantity of Spirits at the Rate of One Gallon of Proof Spirits for every Five Degrees of Gravity of such Wort or Wash which shall be attenuated; that is to say, for every Five Degrees of Difference between the highest Gravity of such Wort or Wash, as declared by such Distiller pursuant to this Act, or as appearing on any, Account

D d 4 taken

Penalty.

Proviso.

Proviso for redistilling Feints on Account taken, &c.

Officer to take Account of Spirits and Feints produced on Redistiilation.

Distiller charged accordingly.

Modes of charging Duty:

1st.

408

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C.sa

taken thereof by the Officer in any fermenting Back or Backs, and the lowest decreased Gravity of such Wort or Wash, as appearing on any Account thereof taken by the Officer previous to the Distillation of such Wort or Wash; and the Officer shall also charge at the same Rate and Proportion of Spirits for any lesser Quantity of such Wort or Wash, and for any less Decrease of Gravity than Five Degrees.

2d. LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Officer of

Excise shall take an Account of the Quantity and Strength of the Low Wines which shall have been produced from the Distillation of the Wash contained in any fermenting Back in the Distillery of any Distiller, such Officer shall compute and ascertain the Quantity of Proof Spirits in and equivalent to such Low Wines, according to the Strength and Quantity of such Low Wines; and such Quantity of Proof Spirits shall be deemed and taken to have been distilled or produced from the Wash contained in such Back, and Duty shall be payable, and the Officer shall charge the Distiller with Duty, on the Quantity of Proof Spirits so ascertained, after making an Allowance of Two per Centum on such Quantity. 3(J LXVXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer

of Excise shall take an Account of the Quantity and Strength of Spirits and Feints respectively, which shall have been produced from the whole of the Low Wines distilled from the Wash contained in any Fermenting Back, together with any Feints which may have remained from any previous Redistillation in the Distillery of any Distiller, such Officer shall compute and ascertain the Quantity of Proof Spirits in and equivalent to such Spirits and Feints respectively, according to the Strength of such Spirits and Feints respectively, and shall deduct from the Quantity of Proof Spirits so ascertained, a Quantity of Proof Spirits, computed and ascertained as aforesaid, equivalent to the Quantity of Feints (if any) which may hjive remained on Hand after any such previous Redistillation, and which may have been included in the Account of Spirits and Feints so taken as aforesaid; and after such Deduction the remaining Quantity of Proof Spirits so computed and ascertained shall be deemed and taken to have been distilled and produced from the Low Wines distilled from the Wash contained in such Fermenting Back, and Duty shall be payable, and the Officer shall charge the Distiller with Duty upon such last mentioned Quantity of Proof Spirits.

Wash to be LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, in

charged from respect of all Wort, Wash and Bub in the Distillery of such Dis-highest Gauge, tiller, be chargeable and charged according to the highest Gauge without^allow- of Quantity which shall at any Time be taken thereof, and ac-or^Drecs cording to the highest Amount of Gravity thereof at any Time

<iv" declared by such Distiller or ascertained by any Officer of Excise, without any Allowance for Waste, Bub, Dregs, Yeast or other Matter whatever; and when any Decrease shall take place in the Quantity of Wort, Wash and Bub, in the Distillery of any Distiller, the Amount of such Decrease shall be deemed and taken to have been distilled by such Distiller, and such Distiller shall be chargeable and charged with a Quantity of Spirits in Proportion to the Decrease of any such Wort, Wash and Bub, according to the Directions of this Act.

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

409

LXX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful Distiller mix-to mix with or add to any Low Wines, Feints or Spirits in the Distillery of any Distiller, any Sugar, Syrup or any glutinous or saccharine or other Matter or Thing, whereby the Gravity of such to prevent the Low Wines, Feints or Spirits shall be increased, or so as to pre-. Strength being vent the Strength thereof respectively being ascertained by the ascertained. Hydrometer; and if it shall at any Time be found that anyj Sugar,

Syrup or other glutinous or saccharine or other Matter shall be so mixed with or added to any Low Wines, Feints or Spirits in the Distillery of any such Distiller, contrary hereto, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Low Wines, Feints and Spirits so mixed respec- Penalty, tively, together with all such Mixtures, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Quantity Produce of Spi-of Spirits which shall be actually distilled or produced, or which, rits from Wash under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed to be exceedlnS Pr°-distilled or produced from any Wort or Wash contained in any Mentioned as* fermenting Back, shall exceed the Rate or Proportion of One to Gravity of Gallon and One fifth Part of a Gallon of Proof Spirits from each Wort, &c. and every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash, for and in Duty charged respect of every Five Degrees of Gravity of such Wort or Wash accordingly, which shall have been attenuated, as taken by the Officer; that is to say, for every Five Degrees of Difference between the highest Gravity of the Wort from which such Wash was produced, as declared by such Distiller, pursuant to this Act, or as appearing on any Account taken thereof by the Officer, and the lowest decreased Gravity of such Wort or Wash, as taken by the Officer previous to the Distillation thereof, then and in every such Case the Officer shall keep a distinct Account of every such excess Quantity, and shall set forth the same in his Book or Books, and in his Return or Charge against such Distiller under the Head of " Undue Excesses and in case the Quantity of Spirits charged Mode of Charge upon any Distiller during the Continuance of the Licence of such and Return by Distiller, exclusive of such undue Excesses as aforesaid, shall be 0ttlcer' less in respect of every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash distilled or decreased in the Distillery of such Distiller, than after the Rate or in the Proportion of One Gallon of Proof Spirits for every Five Degrees of the Gravity of the Wort when made from Malt or Corn or Grain or any Mixture thereof, or from Potatoes or any Mixture thereof, or than after the Rate or Proportion of One Gallon of Proof Spirits for every Four Degrees of the Gravity of the Wort when made from Sugar or any Mixture thereof, which shall have been specified in any Notice which shall have been delivered by any such Distiller pursuant to this Act, then and in every such Case such Distiller shall be chargeable with the Quantity of Spirits after the Proportion aforesaid respectively which shall appear so deficient, and the Officer shall, within One Month after the Expiration of such Licence, make a Return, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty on the Quantity of Spirits which shall appear so deficient, and such Distiller Within what shall pay such Duty within Ten Days next after such Return Time Distiller shall be made, or ought to have been made, or shall for Default P?y uPolt

forfeit Deficl<m<*-

6° GEO. IV.

Penalty.

Officer to make a Return on Distiller, for Quantity of Spirits chargeable, who shall pay the Duty accordingly.

Penalty.

Distiller to make Entry at the End of every distilling Period as herein mentioned of Quantity distilled and of Malt used.

Penalty.

How far Distiller to travel for making such Returns, &c.

C. 80.

A.D. 1825.

forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of such Duty.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Excise shall, from time to time, make out and deliver to the Collector of Excise, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint to receive the same, a Return of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall, from time to time, be chargeable with Duty, and of the Duty payable thereon under this Act; and any such Officer shall and may make out and deliver any such Return or Account from time to time, and at any Time and for any Period, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise; and every such Officer is hereby required in every such Return to charge such Distiller, and such Officer shall charge such Distiller according so such of the several Modes of charging prescribed b}r this Act, as shall produce the highest Amount of Duty; and such Officer shall, if required in Writing by such Distiller, deliver or leave with every such Distiller or at such Distillery, an Account in Writing, signed with his Name, setting forth the Quantity of Spirits specified in such Return, with the Amount of Duty thereon, and the Period comprised in such Return; and the Return of such Officer shall be a charge on every such Distiller, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return, or which shall be chargeable upon and have become due and payable from such Distiller, within such Time and Times, and in such Manner as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of such Duty.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, that at the End of every distilling Period, every Distiller shall, under the proper Hand of such Distiller or under the Hand of one of such Distillers, if more than One in Partnership, make a true and particular Entry or Return in Writing to the proper Supervisor of the District, of the whole Quantity of the Wort or Wash which shall have been decreased from the Wash Backs or distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller into Low Wines or Spirits, and of the whole Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of Proof Spirits, which shall have been made or distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller within the preceding brewing and distilling Period, and of the whole Quantity of Feints remaining undistilled; and shall at the End of every Quarter of a Year, if demanded by the Commissioners of Excise, make a Return, in such Manner as aforesaid, to the Commissioners of Excise, of the whole Quantity of Malt used by such Distiller in the preceding Quarter; and in case of Omission, Neglect or Default in the making of such respective Entry or Return, or if any false Entry or Return shall be made, every such Distiller shall for every such Omission, Neglect or Default, and for any such false Entry, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXIV. Provided alwa}7s, and be it enacted, That no Distiller shall be compelled to travel for the making of the said Entries or Returns, or for the Payment of the said Duties, or for any other Cause relating to or concerning the same, to any other

Place

411

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C, 80.

Place than to the Market Town of or nearest to the entered Distillery of such Distiller.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits whatever shall be received or conveyed into or kept in the Stock of any Distiller, other than such Spirits only as shall have been distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller, and as shall have been conveyed thereto, according to the Directions of this Act, from the Spirits Receiver in such Distillery; and if any Spirits other than such only as shall have been distilled by and in the Distillery of such Distiller, shall be received or conveyed into, or shall be kept, or shall at any Time be found in the Stock of such Distiller contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of and Dealer in Spirits, shall and is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, and a One Gallon Measure, in his, her or their entered Warehouses, Storehouses and Premises, and in every Warehouse for warehousing Spirits for Exportation under the Provisions of this Act, and also to maintain the same conveniently placed and ready for Use; and shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same for the Purpose of weighing, measuring and taking an Account of the Spirits and Casks and other Vessels and Packages used or fit for conveying and removing Spirits, which shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer; and if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, shall not keep and maintain such Scales and Weights and Measure, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same as aforesaid; or if any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, shall, in the weighing or measuring of any such Spirits, Casks, Vessels or other Packages, use or cause, or procure or suffer to be used, any false, unjust or insufficient Scales or Weights or Measures, or shall practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight and Measure of any such Spirits, Casks, Vessels or other Packages, then and in every such Case such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weights and Measures respectively shall likewise be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXXVII. And be it likewise enacted, That all and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits shall, when and so often as he, she or they shall be thereunto required by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, aid and assist to the utmost of his, her or their Power, such Officer or Officers, in weighing, measuring and taking an Account of all Spirits and Casks, Vessels and other Packages, for keeping, conveying or removing Spirits in the Possession of him, her or them, on pain

"What Spirits only shall be received into Distiller's Stock.

Penalty.

Scales and Weights, and a Gallon Measure, to be kept by Distiller, &c. and Officers permitted to use them

Distiller neglecting or refusing, or deceiving in weighing,

Penalty.

Assistance to be given to Officer in taking Account.

412

6° GEO. IV.

Penalty.

Officer may take Samples of Wort, Wash, Spirits, &c.

Such Samples deemed true Samples.

Liquor to be stirred, &c. before Sample taken.

Distiller's Stock Account of Proof Spirits to be kept by Officer.

Increase or Decrease in such Stock.

Penalty.

Limitation as to Excess.

C. 80.

A.D. 1825.

of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise from time to time, and whenever, and as often as such Officer shall deem expedient so to do, to take any Sample or Samples of any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively, in any Back, Receiver, Charger or other Vessel or Utensil, in the Distillery of any Distiller, in order that such Officer may ascertain the Gravity or Strength of such Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits respectively, and from such Part of an}^ such Back, Receiver, Charger or other Vessel or Utensil, as the Officer shall think proper; and the Gravity or Strength of any such Sample so taken, shall be and be held to be the true and correct Gravity or Strength of the whole Contents of the Back, Receiver, Charger or other Vessel or Utensil, from which any such Sample shall be so taken; Provided always, that before any such Sample shall be so taken, all the Liquor contained in any such Back, Receiver, Charger or other Vessel or Utensil, may be stirred and mixed up and mixed together by such Distiller or any Person in the Employ of such Distiller, if they shall think fit so to do.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Excise shall, as often and at such Time and Times as he shall think fit, take and shall keep an Account, by way of Debtor and Creditor, of the Stock of Spirits in the Distillery of every Distiller, and shall, in such Account, credit such Stock with the full Quantity of Spirits computed at Hydrometer Proof, which shall be, from time to time, duly conveyed pursuant to this Act, into such Stock, from the Spirit Receiver in such Distillery, and shall debit such Stock with the full Quantity of Spirits, computed at Hydrometer Proof, which shall be from time to time sent out of such Stock under legal Permit; and if at any Time the Quantity of such Spirits which shall be found in the Stock or Possession of any such Distiller, shall be greater than the Quantity of Spirits which by the Stock Account, so kept by such Officer, ought to be in the Stock or Possession of such Distiller, all such excess Quantity of Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each and every Gallon of such excess Quantity of Spirits; and if at any Time the Quantity of Spirits in the Stock or Possession of any Distiller shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which by the Stock Account, kept by such Officer, ought to be in the Stock or Possession of such Distiller, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be so deficient: Provided always, that, no Distiller shall be liable to such last mentioned Penalty in any Case where such Decrease shall not exceed Two Gallons of Proof Spirits per Centum on the Quantity of Spirits formed by the Balance left on the last Stocking, and the Quantity since duly brought into Stock from the Spirit Receiver, if such last Stocking be no further distant than Seven Days, or Three Gallons of Proof Spirits per Centum as aforesaid if more than Seven Days; and such Distiller shall prove, to the Satisfaction of

J3 the

C. 80.

the Supervisor, that such Decrease did not result from any Fraud practised or intended.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Licences, Entries, Notices, Declarations, Books, Accounts and Returns, required or directed by this Act, shall and may be in such respective Form or Forms as the Commissioners of Excise may from time to time direct; and it shall not be necessary to prove, on the Trial of any Complaint or Information, or on any other Proceeding for any Offence against this Act, the particular Order or Direction of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Commissioners of Excise, in that Behalf.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits shall be sent out of or removed from the Distiller}/- or Stock of any Distiller, at any other Strength than Twenty five^er Centum or Eleven *per Centum above, or Ten per Centum below Hydrometer Proof, or in any less Quantity than in a Cask containing Eighty Gallons, nor without a lawful Permit, expressing the true Quantity and Strength of such Spirits; and if any Spirits shall be sent out of or removed from the Distillery or Stock of any such Distiller, in any less Quantity than in a Cask containing Eighty Gallons, or without such Permit as aforesaid, or being of any greater Strength than the Strength expressed in such Permit, then, and in every such Case, all such Spirits, and every Cask and Vessel containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller in England to warehouse, for Exportation only, or for Removal to Scotland or Ireland, any Spirits distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller, without Payment of the Duty of Excise thereon, according to the Provisions of this Act, and under and subject to such further Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time direct or order, every such Warehouse to be provided and duly entered by such Distiller, and to be ceiled and constructed and secured in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise or Supervisor of the District; and every such Warehouse shall have only One Door, which Door shall open into a Public Street or Road, and have Three Locks, One of which shall be provided by such Distiller, and the Key of it kept by such Distiller, and the other Two of such Locks shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise, at the Expence of such Distiller, the Key of One of such Locks being kept by the Supervisor of the District, or other Officer directed by the Commissioners of Excise, and the Key of the other of such Two Locks being kept by the Surveying Officer of such Warehouse: Provided always, that it shall not be lawfful so to warehouse any Spirits of any Strength other than the respective Strengths of Twenty five per Centum above Proof, or Eleven per Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Syhes s Hydrometer; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Iron bound Casks of not less than Eighty Gallons Content each; and that there shall be marked on each End of every Cask, in Letters or Figures legibly cut, branded or painted thereon, the Mark or Number of every such Cask, the

full

4IS

Form of Licences, Entries, Notices, &c. to be as Commissioners of Excise shall direct.

Removing Spirits from Distillery in less Quantity than Eighty Gallons, or without Permit, as herein mentioned.

Penalty. Distillers may-warehouse Spirits without Payment of Duty, for Exportation, or for Removal to Scotland or Ireland.

Strength of Spirits warehoused.

Description of Cask.

414

C. 8 0.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Quantity and Strength of Spirits marked on Cask. Distiller not providing Locks, Keys, &c.

Unduly removing Spirits, &c.

Opening Locks in the Absence of the Officer.

Making any Way into such Warehouse;

or altering the Condition thereof, without Notice, and Consent;

or privately removing Spirits,

Penalty,

Distiller to give Notice of his Intention to Warehouse ^Spirits; none removed into Warehouse without Permit.

full Content thereof in Gallons, and the Number of Gallons, and Strength of the Spirits contained therein, every such Cask being full at the Time of the sending of such Spirits out of the Distillery, for the Removal thereof to such Warehouse; and if any Distiller or Distillers warehousing Spirits as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep any such Warehouse well and sufficiently constructed and secured as aforesaid, or to provide and keep such Locks and Keys, or to pay the Supervisor for such Two Locks and Keys as aforesaid, for securing such Spirits as aforesaid, or to enter such Warehouse for that Purpose at the proper Office of Excise, or shall make use of any Warehouse or other Place for keeping Spirits without being constructed and well and sufficiently secured as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been first duly entered and approved of, according to the Directions of this Act; or shall remove any Spirits to be so warehoused, except in such full Iron bound Casks, marked and numbered, and having cut, branded or painted thereon such Particulars as aforesaid, or shall put into or keep in such Warehouse any other Liquors or other Spirits other than as provided by this Act; or if any such Distiller or Distillers, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his, her or their Order, Privity, Connivance or Direction, after any such Spirits shall have been removed to and secured in any Warehouse for keeping such Spirits for Exportation, shall open any of the Locks or Doors in the Absence of the proper Surveyor or Supervisor, and officer of Excise; or shall make or obtain any Way or kind of Entrance, or Access, into any such Warehouse, or shall remove any Part whatever of the Partition between any Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits, and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining; or shall, after any such Warehouse shall have been so approved of as aforesaid, make any Addition to or in any Way alter the same without Notice first given to the proper Supervisor of Excise, of such intended Addition to or Alteration in such Warehouse, and his Consent in Writing first had and obtained for the same; or shall remove any of the said Spirits from any locked Warehouse to any other Warehouse, or to be put on Shipboard and exported or otherwise removed, except as provided by this Act; or shall by any Art, Contrivance or Device whatsoever, privately remove, convey away or conceal, or cause procure or suffer to be privately removed, conveyed away or concealed any of the Spirits, either before the same are put into the Warehouse or Warehouses, or afterwards, then and in each and in every such Case, such Distiller and other Person and Persons for every such Offence shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all such Spirits deposited, removed or concealed contrary to the Provision of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any such Distiller shall intend to warehouse Spirits for Exportation or Removal as aforesaid, he shall give Two Days' Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise surveying the Distillery of such Distiller, and also to the proper Officer of Excise surveying such Warehouse, of such his Intention; in which Notice shall be set forth the Mark, Number and full Content in Gallons

6° GEO. IV. C. 80 *

415

of each Cask, and the Number of Gallons and Strength of Spirits contained therein, which such Distiller intends to warehouse, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Distiller intends to commence the Removal of such Spirits out of the Stock of such Distiller to such Warehouse: Provided always, that no such Removal of any Spirits shall be allowed without a Permit being first granted to accompanjr the same according to Law; and no such Removal shall take place except upon the Day mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, nor upon any Excise Office Holiday; nor>shall such Removal be commenced at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, or continued after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise to whom any such Notice shall have been given, shall attend at the Spirit Stock of every such Distiller at the Time mentioned as aforesaid in such Notice, and such Officer shall ascertain the Quantities and Strengths of all such Spirits, as shall be in the Possession or Stock of such Distiller, in such Manner as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise, and of the Spirits proposed or intended to be sent out of such Stock, and shall compare the Marks and Numbers, and the several Particulars cut, branded or painted, as aforesaid, on the several Casks in which such Spirits shall be contained, with the Marks and Numbers and Particulars described and set forth in the Notice for the warehousing of such Spirits; and every such Officer shall or may continue in the Place where such Stock is kept, until the whole of the Spirits of which such Notice shall be given, shall be removed out of the Stock of such Distiller, under Permit as aforesaid; and immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall take Stock on such Distiller, in such Manner as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise, and set forth in the Stock Book the Alteration in such Stock found after the Removal of such Spirits.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the Arrival of such Spirits under Permit as aforesaid at the Warehouse, the proper Officer surveying such Warehouse shall take an Account of the Contents of every Cask, by Gauge, or Weight and Temperature, as he may think fit, or as may be ordered by the Commissioners of Excise, and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof, with the Mark and Number of each such Cask, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, and shall also take a Sample of Half a Pint of such Spirits, drawn from every such Cask, and keep the same labelled, with all such Particulars as aforesaid, until Three Months after the whole of such Spirits shall be delivered from such Warehouse for Exportation shall be exported, and shall then deliver the same to such Distiller; and such Officer shall, after taking such Account as aforesaid, deliver to the Distiller or Person requiring the same, for the Use of such Distiller, a Certificate specifying the Mark and Number of each of the several Casks, with the several Particulars so found by him as aforesaid, with the Day of the Month and Year, when such Spirits were warehoused as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Certificate shall be forthwith delivered over by every such Distiller to the

Officer

Hours of Removal.

Officers to attend Removal of Spirits, and take Stock of Distillers.

Officer at Warehouse to take Account and give Receipts for Spirits warehoused, and take Samples, and label and return them to Distiller with a Certificate of Particulars *

Such Certificate to be delivered by Dis-

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

tiller to Officer, who shall give Credit for same in Charge against Distiller.

Distiller may view and show his Spirits in Warehouses in Presence of Officer.

Ullage Casks may be tilled up in Warehouse in Presence of Officer.

Casks containing the Remainder to be kept apart.

Distiller liable to Duty on Deficiency of Spirits in Warehouse.

Spirits remaining may be sold for Payment.

Officer surveying the Distillery of such Distiller, and upon the Delivery of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for such Officer to deduct from the Number of Gallons of Proof Spirits for which such Distiller shall then be charged or chargeable with Duty for the next ensuing Payment, the Number of Gallons computed at Proof so warehoused, and to return the Charge of Duty so payable as aforesaid, against the Distiller to the Commissioners or Collector of Excise, for the remaining Number of Gallons, which shall be a Charge against such Distiller accordingly; and every such Officer shall annex to such Return such Certificate as aforesaid, as his Voucher for having made such Deduction as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Distiller or Proprietor of any such Spirits so lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, in the Presence of the proper Officer, who is hereby required when requested to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose (but not oftener than once in Twenty four Hours), to view, examine and show for Sale such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine the State of the Casks, and to prevent Leakage or Drainage therefrom.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller or other Proprietor of Spirits warehoused as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, to cause any Cask or Casks of Spirits belonging to such Distiller or Proprietor, and which such Distiller or Proprietor shall require to be delivered out for Exportation or Removal, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, to be filled up if necessary (in the Presence of the surveying Officer, or such other Person as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint) from or out of any other Cask or Casks of Spirits, belonging to such Distiller or Proprietor, and which shall then be in such Warehouse; and in case any Part of the Contents of any such Cask shall remain after the filling up of any other Cask or Casks, the said Cask, Part of whose Con tents shall have been so used in filling, shall be kept apart for the like Purpose, or if reduced below Twenty Gallons, shall be delivered into the Dealer's Stock of any such Distiller, on his or her Payment of Duty on such Residue.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of any Spirits computed at Proof, which shall have been or shall be lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, shall at any Time or by any Means fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity so computed, which was so warehoused, after allowing for so much and such Part of such Spirits so computed, as shall have been duly exported or removed, the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall be subject and liable to pay the full Duties for Home Consumption upon such Spirits for and in respect of the Quantity so found deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and satisfy the same upon Demand, before any other of the Spirits so warehoused then remaining shall be permitted to be taken out of such Warehouse; and all such Spirits so remaining shall be subject to the Duties on the Quantity so deficient, and shall and maybe sold by the Commissioners of Excise, for Exportation, for Payment of the same and of other Charges, paying over the Surplus, if any, to the Person who warehoused such Spirits, or his Assigns.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

417

XC. And be it farther enacted, That Spirits so warehoused Warehoused may be removed at the Desire of the Distiller or Proprietor Spirits may be thereof, and at his sole Risk, as well of the Value thereof as of oim°Warehouse the Duties thereon, from the Warehouse, at any one Place in the to another for United Kingdom, to the like Warehouse at any other Place in the Exportation to United Kingdom, for the Purpose of Exportation only to Foreign Foreign Parts Parts, under such Security and Regulations as the Commissioners onl^-of Excise shall from time to time order in respect thereof, and upon Payment of the Duty on all Deficiencies found before such Spirits are removed.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Regulation for ful to remove, subject to the Provisions of this Act, from England to Scotland or Ireland, Spirits distilled in England, or to remove, j Scotland*" subject as aforesaid, from Scotland or Ireland respectively to Ireland, England, Spirits distilled in Scotland or Ireland respectively, any from each to Thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any other, wise notwithstanding; and all such Spirits so removed shall, on Arrival in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, be dealt How to be with in all Respects as if the same had been distilled and made dealt with* in the Country into which the same are so removed; and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be sent for Sale shall have the same Privileges and be subject to the like Licence,

Regulations and Penalties in respect of such Spirits as Dealers in Spirits in the Country into which such Spirits shall be imported or brought, and as if such Spirits had been distilled within the same.

XC'II. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits, whether Not to be so medicated or mixed with any other Ingredient or Ingredients, or sent» except not, which shall be made or distilled in England, Scotland or Ire- ^house land respectively, shall be removed or sent from either Scotland or without Pay-Ireland into England, or from England into Scotland or Ireland, merit of Daty, except such Spirits only as shall, for the Purpose of such Removal, and on Notice, be taken from and out of a Warehouse in which the same shall be then warehoused, without Payment of Duty; and that before any such Spirits shall be delivered out of such Warehouse for that Purpose, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Person or Persons who shall propose or intend to take out and ship such Spirits for such Removal as aforesaid, shall give Two Days' Notice in Writing to the surveying Officer of Excise of such Warehouse in England,

Scotland or Ireland respectively, of the Time when he, she or they shall propose or intend to take out such Spirits from such Warehouse, and shall specify in every such Notice the Number «f Casks intended to be so removed, and also the Mark and Number of each Cask, the full Content thereof in Gallons, and the Strength and Quantity of the Spirits contained therein, and the total Quantity of Spirits to be so removed, the Name of the Vessel and of the Master thereof, or of the Carriage or Conveyance by which such Spirits are to be so removed, the Name of the Port or Place at which such Spirits are to be shipped, and of the Port or Place to which such Spirits are to be removed, and of the Person or Persons at such last mentioned Port or Place to whom the same are to be sent; and every such Officer naw Officer to shall, upon the Receipt of such Notice, be authorized to ex- proceed on such-amine every such Cask, and ascertain the Truth of the several Notice 6 Geo. IV. E e Particulars

4*18

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Particulars aforesaid, and the Temperature and Strength of such Spirits, and the Quantity of Spirits contained in each of such Casks, either by Guage or by taking the Weight thereof, and shall, after Receipt of the Certificate of Pa}7ment of Duty, hereinafter mentioned, when such Spirits are intended to be so removed for Consumption, and upon and according to the Request in Writing of such Proprietor or Proprietors, Person or Persons as afore-permit. said, specifying the several Particulars aforesaid, grant a Permit

for the Removal of such Spirits as aforesaid, expressing in or by Endorsement of such Permit the several Particulars as aforesaid, of the total Number of Casks, the Mark, Number, Content and Ullage of each such Cask, the Temperature, Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained therein, the total Quantity of Spirits, and the Names of the Ship and Master, or Conveyance, and of the Ports or Places of Shipment and Destination, and Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom such Spirits are intended to be sent, and shall forthwith transmit by Post a Duplicate of such Permit to the Principal Officer of Excise at the Port or Place, or nearest thereto, to which such Spirits are so to Removing Spi- be sent; and if any such Spirits shall be removed from England rits from Eng- into Scotland or Ireland respectively, or from Scotland or Ireland land Xc ex°t- *nt0 England, except Spirits so taken from Warehouse, and Duty ceptfrom Ware- Pa^ as aforesaid, or otherwise than as aforesaid, or not accom-house with a panied by such Permit as aforesaid, or in any greater Quantity, Permit, &c. or of greater Strength, or in Casks of any greater Number, or Penalty. less Content than shall be expressed in such Permit, all such Spi-

rits, together with the Casks containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of treble the Value of such Spirits, including the Duty aforesaid, or of Two hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

No such Spirits XCIII. And be it further enacted, That after such Account removed for shall have been taken as aforesaid, and before any such Spirits without^revi s^ia^ l)e delivered out of any such Warehouse for such Removal

ous1payment of or Consumption, the Distiller or Proprietor intending to remove English Duty, the same shall pay to the Collector of Excise or other Person employed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the same, the full Duty of Excise payable on British Spirits distilled in England, for and in respect of all such Spirits intended to be so removed, whether such Spirits shall have been distilled, and shall then be warehoused in England, Scotland or Ireland, and shall be intended to be removed from England into Scotland or Ireland, Certificate or from Scotland or Ireland into England; and such Collector of

thereof by Excise, or other Officer shall, upon Request, sign and give to such

Officer. Distiller or Proprietor a Certificate of such Payment of Duty.

On Delivery of XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Spirits from Delivery from the Warehouse of any Spirits distilled or made in Warehouse in Scotland or Ireland, for the Removal thereof by Sea to England Umf for Rc*re" ^or Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner joval to Eno-- and Commissioners, and Assistant Commissioners and Collectors land, Part only of Excise respectively in Scotland or Ireland, to receive, and they f Duty may he are hereby respectively authorized to receive and accept from

the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C 80.

419

the Person or Persons to whom such Spirits shall be delivered paid, with from the Warehouse, for such Removal, in lieu of the whole of the Duty by this Act made payable thereon, so much thereof as rfue in Eng_ shall be equal to the Amount of Duty payable on such Spirits when jallcjy as herein delivered for Consumption in Scotland or Ireland respectively, mentioned, together with a Bond, with such good and sufficient Surety or Sureties as shall be satisfactory to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Assistant Commissioners or Collectors respectively, as the Case may be, for the due Shipment and Removal of such Spirits as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Residue of the said Duty on the Quantity of Spirits so delivered from the Warehouse for such Removal, within Two Months from the Date of such Bond, or within Twenty one Days after the Arrival of such Spirits, or any Part thereof, in England, whichever shall first happen; and that upon the Payment of the Residue of such Duty, according to the Condition of such Bond, being certified by the Officer of the Port in England where the said Residue of Duty shall be paid; which Certificate such Officer is hereby required to grant Certificate with-without Fee or Reward, to the Commissioner or Commissioners, out Fee. and Assistant Commissioners of Excise in Ireland or Scotland, every such Bond shall be cancelled; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Distiller or On Production Proprietor of such Spirits, or some Person on Behalf of such Dis- of Certificate of tiller or Proprietor, producing to the Officer surveying the Ware- Payment of house, the Certificate from the Collector or other Person as j^u^Kee^r aforesaid, of the Payment of such Duty as aforesaid, where such tcTdeUverl^i-Spirits are intended to be so removed for Consumption, and such rits>

Permit having been requested and granted as aforesaid, such Officer shall deliver such Spirits as shall be mentioned in such Certificate and Permit to be so removed; and that no such Removal shall take place on any Excise Office or Custom House Holiday, or commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, or continue after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon; and all such Spirits shall be shipped removed, To be removed carried or conveyed to the Place of Destination mentioned in in the same such Permit, and delivered there in the same Casks in which they f^of

were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers and Notes of Commissioners the Contents as aforesaid branded, cut or painted thereon, except of Excise, in Cases of damaged or leaky Casks, which may be changed with the leave of any Commissioner of Excise, or of the Surveyor or Supervisor of the District, and like Marks, Numbers and Notes shall be branded, cut or painted on the Head of each new Cask, as had been branded or cut on the leaky or damaged Casks respectively, except as varied by any Difference of Content, Ullage,

Temperature or Strength.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made in. No British Spi-England, Scotland or Ireland ', shall be shipped or carried, con- rits to be sent veyed or removed from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from *roni England, Scotland or Ireland to England, otherwise, than as provided and ^or^h^Ves" directed by this Act, or in any Ship or Vessel of any less Burthen s's or Casks^" than Fifty Tons, or in any Cask or Vessel, except a Cask which except as herein shall contain Eighty Gallons of such Spirits at the least, on pain, mentioned and in addition to all other Penalties and Forfeitures, of the For- described.

E e 2 feiture

420

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Entry to be made of Spirits brought from either Country into the other, and the Spirits landed in Ten Days,

Commissioners to order Sale of such Spirits, and may reward Officers.

On Spirits being sent from England to Scotland or Ireland, and Duty paid, Difference between Duties repaid.

feiture of all such Spirits as shall be so shipped or removed, carried or conveyed, contrary to any or either of the Prohibitions aforesaid, together with the Casks or Packages containing such Spirits and the Ship, Vessel or Boat, Horses, Cattle and Carriages employed in such Removal thereof; and such Spirits, Casks, Packages, Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horses, Cattle and Carriages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Spirits removed by Sea from England into Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland or Ireland into England, shall, within Ten Days next after the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel wherein any such Spirits shall be so removed, within the Port into which such Spirits shall be brought, make due Entry with the Collector of Excise of the said Port, of all such Spirits on board such Ship or Vessel, and deliver to such Collector such Certificate of Payment of Duty thereon, or Permit, as aforesaid, and shall then land all such Spirits; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse, for such Ten Days as aforesaid, to make such Entry, and deliver such Certificate of Payment of Duty as aforesaid, or to land such Spirits as aforesaid, such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Commissioners of Excise shall cause such Spirits to be publicly sold to the best Bidder, at and for a Price not less than the Amount of such Duties as aforesaid, at such Places as they shall think proper; and if such Spirits will not produce a Price equal to the Amount of the Duties payable on such Spirits, they shall be destroyed in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, and a Reward shall be paid to the seizing Officer or Officers, not exceeding Two Shillings per Gallon, over and above all Expences, in lieu of all other Allowances; and if all such Spirits shall be duly landed according to the Provisions of this Act, the proper Officer at such Port shall deliver to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, a Certificate thereof, and the Commissioners of Excise shall, upon Production of such Certificate of Payment of Duty, or Permit as aforesaid, and of such other Certificate of the landing of such Spirits as last aforesaid, thereupon cause to be repaid to the Proprietor of all such Spirits as shall be so removed from England into Scotland ox Ireland, and on which the Excise Duty payable in England has been duly paid for and in respect of every Gallon of such Spirits computed at Proof, the Difference between the Amount of the Duty so paid and the Duty payable in the Country into which such Spirits shall be so brought.

Number of Casks, Sec. inserted in Entries.

Penalty. Spirits made entirely from

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all such Entries so to be made, the Number of Casks and other Packages containing such Spirits, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them on board of each respective Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so brought, shall be inserted, on pain for every Neglect or Refusal thereof to forfeit all such Spirits, with the Cask or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spirits which shall be or shall have been made or distilled in Scotland

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

421

land or Ireland respectively from unmalted Corn or Grain, mixed or unmixed with Malt, shall be taken out of any Warehouse, Store or Place, for Removal to England, unless such Spirits were made and warehoused by some Distiller, having, at the Time when such Spirits were so made and warehoused, no Spirits made from Malt only, or on which any Allowance shall be or shall have been made in respect of the Duty on such Malt in his or her Stock or Possession, or in such Warehouse, and which shall be so certified by the proper Officer at the Time of Warehousing, and also at the Delivery thereof; nor shall any Spirits made or distilled in Scotland or Ireland from Malt only, or in respect of which any Allowance as aforesaid has been or shall be made, paid or received, be removed to England, until the Allowance so made shall have been repaid by the Proprietor of such Spirits to the Commissioners of Excise, or such Person as they shall order or direct to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall take out of any Warehouse, Store or Place, any Spirits made from unmalted Corn or Grain mixed or unmixed with Malt, for such Removal, which were not made and warehoused by such Distiller as aforesaid, and shall not be so certified as aforesaid, or shall remove any Spirits made from Malt only, or on which any such Allowance as aforesaid has been made, or shall be made as aforesaid, to England, without first repaying such Allowance thereon as aforesaid, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings per Gallon for every Gallon of such Spirits so taken out or removed, or One hundred Pounds at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

C. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to deliver in Casks, of not less than Eighty Gallons, from any such Warehouse as aforesaid, any Spirits lodged and secured therein as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being shipped as Stores, and of being consumed upon any outward and homeward Voyage to or from Parts beyond the Seas, without Payment of the Duty of Excise, subject nevertheless, except as aforesaid, to the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions and Securities required by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain, relating to the Shipping of Rum as Stores.

Cl. And to remove all Doubts respecting the Denomination of Spirits, and of Spirits of different Distillations, be it further enacted, That all Spirits distilled or made in England, or distilled or made in Scotland or Ireland, and imported into England, shall be deemed and called British Spirits; and that all Spirits of the First Extraction, drawn or produced by one Distillation of Wash, shall be deemed and called Low Wines; and that all Spirits produced by the Redistillation of Low Wines, or any further Redistillation, and which shall be conveyed into or kept in any Feints Receiver, shall be deemed and called Feints; and that all other Spirits produced by Redistillation, and which shall not have had any Flavour communicated thereto, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and called Plain British Spirits; and that all other Spirits produced by Redistillation, and which shall have had any Flavour communicat-

E e 3 ed

Malt, to be warehoused separately, and not removed to England unless on Repayment by Proprietor of Allowance.

Unduly removing Spirits.

Penalty.

Regulations for shipping warehoused Spirits.

Denominations of Spirits, and of Spirits of different Distillations,

422

C. 30.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proof of Spirits removed, being such as described in the Permit, to lie upon the Owners,

by the Oath of

Two Witnesses,

Rectifiers or Compounders having in their Custody Wort, &c. or distilling same into Low Wines or Spirits, or receiving Spirits without a legal Permit, (Exception.)

Penalty on First Oficnce.

Second Offence.

ed thereto, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed a British Compound called British Brandy; and that all other Spirits produced by Redistillation, and which shall have been distilled or mixed with Juniper Berries, Carraway Seeds, Anniseeds or any other Seeds, Preparation or Ingredient whatsoever, used in the compounding of Spirits, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and called British Compounds; and that all British Spirits of the Strength of Forty three per Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sykes s Hydrometer, and all Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength, shall be deemed and called Spirits of Wine; and if any Question shall arise, whether any Spirits removed by any Permit are bona jide such British Spirits, Plain British Spirits, or British Compounds of any particular Sort or Kind, or Spirits of Wine respectively, as are described and specified in the Permit accompanying the same, or granted for the Removal thereof, although such Spirits shall appear to have been kept Account of in the Officer's Books, or Account of Stock from which Spirits were removed, by the same Name or Description as is specified in such Permit, the Proof that such Spirits are really and bona fide of the Sort specified in such Permit shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, who shall prove the same by the Oaths of Two credible Y/itnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons, competent to decide by Examination thereof.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession an}r Wort, Wash or other fermented Liquor, or Materials prepared or fit for the Purpose, or capable of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, or shall distil or extract any Low Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash or other fermented Liquor or Materials, not being British Spirits, or Colonial Spirits, lawfully received into Stock to be rectified or compounded; or shall have in his Custody or Possession any Spirits whatsoever, without having received and delivered to the proper Officer a legal Permit with and for the same; or any Foreign or Colonial Spirits, except Colonial Spirits for the Purpose of being rectified or compounded, and sold by such Rectifier or Compounder as and for Spirits of Wine or compounded Spirits, every such Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall (over and beside all other Penalties and Forfeitures) forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each and every Gallon of such Wort, Wash or other fermented Liquor, or Materials prepared or fit for the Purpose, or capable of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, or of the Low "Wines or Spirits so distilled as aforesaid, or of the Spirits received without being accompanied with a true and legal Permit, delivered to the proper Officer as aforesaid, or of the Foreign or Colonial Spirits, except as aforesaid, as the Case may be, at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or of the Person who shall sue or prosecute for such Penalty; and the Licence of every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, who shall be a Second Time convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall upon such Second Conviction be deemed void to all Intents and Purposes; and such Rectifier or Compounder shall not be capable of

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

423

receiving any further or renewed Licence as a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits for the Period of Three Years from the Date of such Second Conviction.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be deemed a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, within the Meaning of this Act, who shall not have at least One entered Still capable of containing in the Bod}^ thereof, exclusive of the Head, One hundred and twenty Gallons at the least, nor unless such Still shall have a suitable Worm and Worm Tub affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona fide used for the rectifying or making of British Compounds for Sale by such Person or Persons; and any Person who shall carry on the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be subject and liable to, and shall incur all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted on Persons using or working any unlicensed Still.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall have or keep any Opening, fixed Pipe or other Conveyance whatever, leading to any Still or Stills belonging to or used by such Rectifier or Compounder, other than and except one charging Pipe to each such Still; nor shall have or keep any Opening, fixed Pipe or other Conveyance whatever, leading from any such Still or Stills, save and except the Discharge Cock to each Still respectively belonging, and the Head of such Still terminating in the Worm; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be provided and maintained by the proper Supervisor of the District, at the Expence and Charge of every such Rectifier or Compounder, for properly and sufficiently locking and securing the Charge and Discharge Cock of each and every Still respectively used by such Rectifier or Compounder, which Locks and Fastenings shall be locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed when the Still is at Work; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall have or keep any such Opening, fixed Pipe or other Conveyance (not before excepted) leading to or leading from such Still or Stills, or shall refuse to pay for and maintain such Locks and Fastening as aforesaid, or shall prevent or hinder the Officer from affixing any Lock or Fastening as aforesaid, or shall wilfully open, break or damage, or cause or suffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of such Locks, Seals or Fastenings as aforesaid; every such Rectifier or Compounder shall for every such fixed Pipe, Opening or Conveyance (not before excepted), and for every such Lock, Seal or Fastening, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CV. And be it further enacted, That every such Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall, before beginning to draw oft" any Spirits from any Still or Stills, charge the same with a Quantity of Liquor, in the Proportion of not less than Seven Parts in Ten of the whole Quantity of Liquor which any such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and every such Still shall remain and continue so charged until the Rectifier or Compounder shall begin to drawoff Spirits therefrom; and every such Still shall be worked off within Sixteen Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officer's taking the Gauge thereof respectively and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall begin to draw off any Spirits

E e 4 from

What Persona deemed Rectifiers or Compounders.

Carrying on Business contrary hereto.

Penalty,

Rectifiers or Compounders having undue Conveyances to or from Stills, or not paying for Locks and Fastenings.

Obstructing Officer or breaking Locks Fastenings.

Penalty.

Rectifiers or Compounders unduly charging or working Stills off.

424

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Rectifiers or Compounders not duly causing Heads of Stills to be taken off,

(Exception)

or unduly putting on such Heads,

Penalty. Receiving or buying Spirits otherwise than as herein directed.

Penalty. '

Proviso for Purchase of Spirits whilst on Quays, or in Warehouses in which lodged on Importation.

from any Still or Stills not so charged, or shall not work off the same respectively within such Sixteen Hours, such Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall take off or cause to be taken off, the Plead or Heads of any Still or Stills, except any Still or Stills whose Plead is soldered or permanently fixed to the Body of such Still, when and so soon as any such Still or Stills shall have ceased to be worked; and the Head or Heads of such Still or Stills shall in no Case, nor on any Pretence or on any Account, be put on such Still or Stills, until each such Still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor shall any Still be again worked by any Rectifier or Compounder until the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in each such Still; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect to take off each and every Head from each respective Still, except as aforesaid, within Twelve Hours after each such Still shall have ceased to be worked, or shall in any Case or on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, put on any such Head or Heads on any Still or Stills, before such Still or Stills shall be charged and ready to work, or shall work any Still or Stills before the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits then in such Still or Stills, every such Rectifier and Compounder, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CVII. And for the more effectually preventing the receiving or buying by any Person whomsoever of Spirits from Persons privately distilling, or unlawfully importing or landing the same; Be it further enacted, That if any Rectifier or Compounder of, or any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirit ^, or any other Person whomsoever in any Part of England, shall receive or buy, or shall procure or employ any Person to receive or buy any Spirits from any Person or Persons whomsoever, except from some licensed Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, whose Name shall be painted over the outward Door of his Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, in Manner required and directed by this Act, or from some licensed Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits, or at some public Sale of Spirits condemned and sold under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise or Customs, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; Provided always nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make any Person or Persons liable to the aforesaid Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, for or by Reason of the Receipt or Purchase of any Foreign or Colonial Spirits, or British Spirits, brought into England from Scotland or Ireland, under the Provisions of this Act, whilst the same shall be lying openly on the lawful Quays on which such Spirits respectively shall have been first landed upon the Importation thereof, or Removal thereof from Scotland or Irclandy or in any Warehouse or Warehouses in which such Foreign or Colonial Spirits shall be or may have been deposited by such Seller according to Law; every such Seller of British Spirits imported into England from Scotland and Ireland respectively, being at that Time duly licensed under this Act as a Dealer in Spirits.

A.D. 1825.

GEO. IV .:

C. sa.

425

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officers of Excise, from time to time and at all Times by Day or by Night, upon his or their Request, but if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Houses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places, made use of by any Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits, for the laying or keeping of any Spirits; and by tasting, weighing, gauging or otherwise, to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality and Strength respectively, of all or any such Spirits which shall at any Time be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and to take at any Time or Times a Sample or Samples of any such Commodities, paying for the same the usual Price thereof, if demanded.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise shall, as often and at such Times as he may think fit, take an accurate and true Account of the Quantity and Strength of all Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of all and every Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits, and shall compute the same at the Strength of Hydrometer Proof; and if, after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted since the last Account taken of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, computing the same at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, shall exceed the Quantity for which such Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what was on Hand at the last preceding Account taken, or from what may have been lawfully received subsequent thereto, such Excess shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits illegally received, and a Quantity of Spirits of the like Kind, equal to such Excess, shall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer in whose Stock, Custody or Possession, such Excess shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings per Gallon, for every Gallons of such Excess; and if there be any Decrease in such Stock not duly accounted for, by Spirits sent out with Permit, and exceeding Five per Centum on the Balance or Stock left on Hand at the last preceding Account, together with the Quantity since lawfully received, the Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, in whose Stock such Decrease is found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings per Gallon, for every Gallon of such Deficiency.

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Still of any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits shall happen to be charged and at work at the Time when any Officer shall take Account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Compounder, then and in every such Case all the Spirits produced from that Charge of the Still shall be kept separate and apart from the Rest of such Stock, till the Account of the Rest of such Stock shall have been completely taken, after which the Spirits of or produced from that Charge shall be added to such Stock.

Officers may enter Places used by Rectifiers, &c. and tnflce Accounts and Samples, paying for same.

Officers to take' Account of the Stocks of Rectifiers, Compounders and Dealers, as often as they may think fit.

Excess found. Penalty.

Undue Decrease in Stock.

Penalty.

Spirits produced from Stills at work when Stocks are taken, added to Stock.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

426

Rectifiers, &c. receiving Spirits, breaking Bulk before Officer to whom Notice shall be given take an Account of Strength and Quantity.

Not giving Notice to Officer, or otherwise offending in respect of the said Matters.

Penalty. Proviso if Officer do not attend.

Rectifiers, &c. not marking Quantity and Strength of mixed or compounded Spirits on Casks, or marking them untruly, &c.

C. 80.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits receiving any Spirits, or any Retailer of Spirits receiving any Spirits of any less Quantity than a Cask, containing Eighty Gallons, into his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall break Bulk, or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or any Thing thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any of the Casks so received, or alter or change any of the Packages containing any Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quality thereof; and every such Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, shall, on the Receipt of any Spirits, give Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall deliver to such Officer the Permit received by them with such Spirits, whereupon such Officer shall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quality of such Spirits; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, who shall receive any such Spirits as aforesaid, into his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall fail to give such Notice and deliver such Permit as aforesaid, or shall break Bulk or draw off any Part of such Spirits, or add Water or any Thing thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any of the Casks, or alter or change any of the Packages containing any such Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all such Spirits or a Quantity equal thereto, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case the proper Officer of Excise shall neglect to attend, for the Purpose of taking such Account as aforesaid, within Two Hours after receiving such Notice, no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred for any such Offence.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Strength of any Part of the Stock of any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, by being mixed or compounded with any Sugar, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit or any other Ingredients or Materials, cannot be easily ascertained by the Hydrometer, every such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer and Retailer, shall immediately, or on being required by an Officer or Officers of Excise, cause the true Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits so mixed to be legibly marked on the Outside of the Cask or Casks, or Vessel or Vessels containing the same respectively; and if the Strength of such Spirits shall be found to have been untruly marked by such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, on the Outside of such Cask or Casks, or Vessel or Vessels; or if such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer shall, upon being required by the Officer or Officers of Excise as aforesaid, neglect immediately to mark the Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits as aforesaid, or not continue such Mark until all the Spirits in such Cask or Vessel shall be removed and taken therefrom, such Spirits, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit and other Ingredients, together with the Casks and Vessels con-

19 taining

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

427

taining the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, shall also for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Founds: Provided always, that no such Penalty shall be incurred by any Dealer or Retailer, who shall mark on any such Cask of Compounds as the Strength of the Spirits therein contained, the Strength expressed in the Permit with which the same were received by such Dealer or Retailer into Stock, no Alteration having been since made therein.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits to sell and send out, accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, to any Person or Persons, any Quantity, not being less than Two Gallons of Compounded Spirits at any Strength not exceeding Seventeen per Centum under Hydrometer Proof; and to any Person any Quantity not being less than Two Gallons of Spirits of Wine; and that if any Plain British or Colonial Spirits, not being Spirits of Wine, or if any other Spirits, not being Compounded Spirits, or if any Compounded Spirits, except by Permit, and of such Strength as aforesaid, and not being less than Two Gallons at any one Time, shall be sold or sent out by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, contrary to this Act, all such Spirits, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Boats made use of in removing such Spirits, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That all Spirits of Wine shall be made and kept of the Strength of Forty three per Centum over Hydrometer Proof at the least; and that the actual and true Strength of all Spirits of Wine shall be expressed and specified in the Request Note for a Permit, and in the Permit granted for or to accompany the Removal thereof, and shall be taken Account of by the Officer in the respective Stocks of every Rectifier or Compounder of and Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits respectively, according to the actual Strength thereof; and that every Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits shall keep all Spirits of Wine in a separate and distinct Cellar or Place entered for that Purpose, in which no other Spirits or Foreign Wine or Sweets is, are or shall be kept; and if any Spirits of Wine shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be kept or removed, of less Strength than as aforesaid or be mixed or mingled with any Foreign Wine, Foreign or Colonial Spirits, or British Spirits, or by any Means be by such Dealer or Retailer reduced lower or weakened in the Strength thereof, or shall be removed without a Permit, when required by Law, expressing the Strength thereof, or shall be found in or upon the Premises, or in the Custody or Possession of any such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, otherwise than in such separate entered Cellar or Place as aforesaid, all such Spirits of Wine, and all Wine or Spirits with which any Spirits of Wine shall be so mixed or mingled or found, shall be forfeited, and the Rectifier or Compounder of and Dealer and Retailer as aforesaid offending therein, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Penalty.

Proviso.

Strength at which Rectifiers, &c. may send out compounded Spirits and Spirits of Wine, and the Quantity.

Penalty.

Strength at which Spirits of Wine to be made and kept, to be permitted and stocked accordingly, and kept separate.

Offendinghere-in or unduly removing such Spirits,

Penalty.

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Removing Spirits without a Permit.

Request Note.

Permit.

Pcnaky.

Sending Spirits out of Stock without a Permit.

Penalty.

Quantity for which Permit to be granted.

Sending out or receiving Spirits exceeding One Gallon, without Pcr-

CXV. And be it farther enacted, That no Spirits whatever shall be sent out of the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits, nor shall be removed from the Distillery, Stillhouse, Building or other Place wherein the same were made or manufactured, or rectified or compounded or kept, by any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits, without a Permit first granted and signed by the proper Officer of Excise, upon a Request Note subscribed by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer respectively, or by some Person on his or her behalf, and delivered to such Officer, specifying therein the Quantity, Quality, Sort or Kind and Strength of such Spirits, and also specifying the Casks or other Vessels containing the same, the Person from whom and Place from which, and the Person to whom and the Place to which such Spirits are to be sent, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same are intended to be sent, and whether by Land or by Water, which Permit shall be made by the Officer to correspond, in respect to all the Particulars aforesaid, with such Request Note; and a reasonable Time shall be limited and specified in every such Permit, within which such Permit is to be in force, and no Permit shall be valid or of any Effect, if the same shall be granted, or any Request Note not made conformably to the Directions of this Act; and all such Spirits which shall be sent out, removed or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such Permit as aforesaid, together with the Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and also the Boats and other Vessels, and the Horses and other Cattle, and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder or Dealer, shall send out, deliver or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent out, delivered or carried any Spirits whatsoever, from or out of the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer respectively, or from or out of any House, Building or other Place wherein such Spirits were made, manufactured, rectified, compounded or kept by any such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits, without such Permit as aforesaid, or with any Permit not corresponding to such Spirits in Quantity, Quality, Sort or Kind, and Strength, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer, shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the said Spirits, if seized, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of the Spirits so sent out, carried or conveyed, of whatever Strength the same may be, and whether the said Spirits shall or shall not be seized: Provided always, that no such Permit shall be granted to a Distiller for any smaller Quantity of Spirits than Eighty Gallons contained in One Cask, or to any Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits, for any smaller Quantity than Two Gallons.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Retailer of Spirits, or other Person, licensed or not licensed, shall sell or send out, deliver or remove, or shall knowingly suffer to be sent out of, delivered or removed from his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, any Spirits exceeding One Gallon, without the same

being

6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

429

being accompanied by a true and lawful Permit, to be requested and granted as aforesaid; or if any Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits, shall receive or knowingly suffer to be received into his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or shall suffer any other Person, for his or her Use or Account, to receive any Spirits, without the same being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, so granted as aforesaid; or if any Carrier, Boatman or other Person shall knowingly carry remove or transport, or by Means of his Horse, Cattle, Cart, Vessel, Boat or other Conveyance, shall knowingly suffer to be carried, removed or transported, or shall be aiding or assisting in carrying, removing or transporting, from any Part of England to another Part thereof, any Spirits which by Law ought and is required to be accompanied with a Permit, without being accompanied with such a true and lawful Permit, granted as aforesaid in that behalf, every such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer, Retailer, Carrier, Boatman or other Person whomsoever, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds over and above every other Penalty and Forfeiture to which he or she is or may be liable by virtue of this Act; and all such Spirits, and the Package and Packages in which the same shall be contained, and every such Horse, Cart, Vessel, Boat and other Conveyance, and all such Cattle, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits, shall send out or remove from his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, nor shall any Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in, or Retailer of Spirits, or other Person, receive into his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession any Spirits, unless the Permit or Permits accompanying such Spirits shall truly express the Sort or Kind thereof, and the Strength of all such Spirits at the Time of the Removal thereof; and all such Spirits so removed, sent out or received, not being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit or Permits, where a Permit is by Law required, expressing the Sort or Kind, and the Strength thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, so sending out, and every such Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer, Retailer or other Person so receiving such Spirits, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and no Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in Spirits shall have (except as after mentioned) Credit in Stock for any greater Quantity of Spirits received or found in his or her Stock than for the Quantity computed at Proof, brought in by such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, delivered to the Officer nor shall any Retailer of Spirits have Credit in Stock for any greater Quantity of Spirits received into his or her Stock, except as after mentioned, than for the Bulk or Quantity of Spirits in Gallons brought in and expressed by such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, accompanying such Spirits, and delivered to the Officer.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to stop and detain any Person

mit, or carrying the same.

Penalty.

No Spirits to be sent out or received into Stock, unless Permit truly express Strength,

Penalty.

Rectifiers, &c. to have Credit for Quantity expressed in Penn its, computed as herein mentioned.

Officers may examine Per-

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

mits, and endorse.

Refusing to produce Permit, or unduly removing, &c. Spirits,

Penalty.

Officer may stop Persons unduly removing Spirits, &c.,

Proceedings

thereon.

Mitigation of Penalty.

Penalty not paid,

Punishment.

If Permit for Spirits not delivered with Goods, the Goods forfeited to Buyer, and Penalty.

Person or Persons who shall be found removing or carrying any Spirits of any Kind from the Stock of any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, or from the Stock of any Person or Persons whomsoever, and to demand the Production of the Permit or Permits accompanying such Spirits, and on being satisfied that the Spirits are the same in Quantity, Quality, Sort or Kind, and Strength, as expressed in such Permit or Permits, and that the Duty payable by Law in respect thereof has been paid, or secured to be paid for the same, such Officer or Officers shall endorse on such Permit or Permits the Time, Hour and Place of such Examination, and shall sign his or their name or Names thereto; and if any Person or Persons so found removing or carrying any such Spirits, which are by Law required to be accompanied with a Permit, shall refuse to produce such Permit or Permits as aforesaid immediately on being required so to do by any Officer or Officers of Excise for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall be found removing or carrying any such Spirits without a lawful Permit, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain every such Person or Persons, and to convey the said Person or Persons, together with the Spirits so found removing or carrying by or with him or them, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where any such Person shall be so stopped or arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, and shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine forthwith any Information against any such Person or Persons so stopped or arrested under the Provisions of this Act; and on the Confessions of any such Person or Persons, or upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to convict such Person or Persons in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid; and no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One fourth Part thereof; and every such Person so convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction pajr down into the Hands of such Officer, the said Penalty in which he or they shall be so convicted; and if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison of the County, there to be kept to Hard Labour for the Space of not exceeding Six nor less than Three Calendar Months unless such Penalty be sooner paid.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Permit granted for Spirits shall not be sent and delivered with such Spirits unto the Buyer thereof, such Spirits shall, if the same be not seized in the Transit for Want of a lawful Permit accompanying the same, be forfeited to the Buyer thereof, and the Seller shall be rendered incapable of recovering the same, or the Value or Price thereof, in any Court of Law or Equity; and also, that the Seller in such case shall, over and besides the Loss of the said Spirits, forfeit and

lose

C. 80.

431

lose double the Value of or Price agreed to be paid for the same, including the Duties; and that the Evidence of the Buyer or Person receiving the said Spirits, shall, on any Trial as to such Spirits, be admitted to prove that the same were delivered without a lawful Permit.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That every Permit which shall be granted for the Removal of any Spirits under any of the Provisions of this Act shall be granted and issued, obtained and used under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in England for regulating the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal or Conveyance of exciseable Goods, or in any Act or Acts in any Manner relating to such Permits (except so far as the same may be expressly altered and otherwise directed by this Act); and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by the said Acts or any of them, shall extend and shall be construed to extend to, and shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, and to all and every Permit and Permits which shall be granted for the Removal of any Spirits under this Act, and to the Persons issuing, obtaining or using the same, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or other Person shall deliver, remove or receive any Spirits, for the removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without such Permit, or any greater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality, or of a greater or higher Strength than shall be expressed in such Permit, or having obtained such Permit, shall not send out therewith the Spirits therein described, or return the said Permit to the proper Officer of Excise within the Time by Law required; or if any Distiller or other Person shall request, obtain, sell, lend, deliver, employ or make use of any such Permit, or shall cause or suffer any such Permit to be requested, obtained, sold, lent, delivered, employed or made use of, to or for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever, than to accompany the actual Removal and Delivery of the Spirits as therein expressed; or shall produce, or cause or suffer any such Permit to be produced to any Officer or other Person, as having been received with any Spirits other than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or employed any Permit, so as that any Account of Spirits kept or checked, or to be kept or checked by the Officer or Officers of Excise by such Permit, shall or may be frustrated or evaded, then and in every such Case, every such Distiller or other Person shall for every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures whatever; and every Permit used for any Purpose whatever other than to accompany the Removal and Delivery of the Spirits for which such Permit was obtained and granted, and as therein expressed or described, shall be deemed and taken to be a false Permit, and such unlawful Use thereof shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, subject the Person or Persons so using the same, to all and every the Penalties and

Forfeitures

Evidence of Buyer.

Permits for Removal granted under Permit Laws.

Exception.

Former Acts applied.

Frustrating the Purpose of a Permit obtained for the Removal of Spirits in the Particulars herein mentioned.

Penalty.

What deemed false Permit.

432

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No new Licence granted to Offender.

What Persons

deemed

Dealers.

Casks used by Dealers and Retailers for Spirits in Stock, to be entered.

Penalty.

Contents of Casks painted, cut or branded thereon.

Penalty,

Dealer sending out or keeping Plain British Spirits, or Com -pounded Spirits of undue Strength, &c.

Penalty.

Dealer may have and send out Spirits of

Forfeitures imposed by Law upon any Person or Persons for using, giving or receiving any false Permit; and every Person having any Licence to make, deal in, retail or sell Spirits, shall, upon being convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, forfeit every such Licence, and no new Excise Licence shall be granted to such Person so convicted for the Remainder of the current Year of any Licence so forfeited.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall have in his, her or their Custody any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Eighty Gallons, and not being an entered and licensed Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, or Retailer of Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to he a Dealer in Spirits, and subject to the Survey of the Officers of Excise, and to all Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Dealers are subject and liable.

CXXIII. And for enabling the Officers of Excise the more readily to take Account of Dealers and Retailers' Stocks of Spirits, be it further enacted, That all standing or fixed Casks, used by any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, for the keeping in Stock of any Spirits, shall, before the same shall be made use of, be duly entered by such Dealers and Retailers respectively, upon pain of Forfeiture by the Person or Persons in whose Stock the same should be found, of the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Cask which shall be so used without having been duly entered as aforesaid, and also of every such Cask, with the Liquor contained therein; and that upon every such Cask used by any Dealer in or Retailer, for holding or keeping any Spirits in Stock, its full Measure in Gallons, or the Quantity of Liquor it is capable of containing, and also the Name of the Quality, Strength, Sort or Kind of Spirits kept or contained therein, shall be legibly painted, cut or branded on some conspicuous Part thereof, upon pain that the Dealer or Retailer in whose Custody or Possession any Cask so used shall be found, not having such full Measure thereof, and such Particulars as aforesaid, painted, cut or branded thereon as aforesaid, or which shall contain a different Quantity, Quality, Strength, Sort or Kind of Spirits from what shall be painted, cut or branded thereon as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Default, Omission or Offence as aforesaid.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Dealer in British Spirits shall sell or send out or receive, or have or keep in his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, any Plain British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine of any Strength exceeding the Strength of Twenty five per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, or of any Strength below Seventeen per Centum under PXydrometer Proof, or any Compounded Spirits, except Shrub, of any greater Strength than Seventeen per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall be sold, sent out, had or kept by any such Dealer contrary hereto, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Dealer in Spirits to have in his Custody or Possession, any Spirits of Wine legally received

by

C. 80.

433

by Permit, upon Condition of his, her or their keeping his, her or their whole Stock of such Spirits of Wine separate and apart from his, her or their Stock of all other Liquors, and in a Vault or Room specially entered for that Purpose as aforesaid, but not otherwise, and to demand and receive Permits for sending out Spirits of Wine of the Strength of Forty three jier Centum above Hydrometer Proof, or any higher Degree of Strength, so that the whole Quantity of such Spirits of Wine to be sent to any one Person in the same Day, shall not exceed One hundred Gallons; and the Officer granting such Permit shall therein express the same to be Spirits of Wine, and shall debit the Stock of such Dealer accordingly.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Dealer in Spirits who shall have or receive into his Custody or Possession any Foreign or Colonial Spirits (not being compounded Colonial Spirits), and also any British Spirits, shall keep the same separate and apart, and in separate Cellars, Vaults or other Places, specially entered for that Purpose respectively, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of British Spirits, or compounded Spirits, which shall be discovered or found in his Custody or Possession, in any Vault, Cellar or other Place, not specially entered for that Purpose, or where any Foreign or Colonial Spirits (not being compounded Colonial Spirits) shall be found or kept; and for every Gallon of Foreign or Colonial Spirits (not being compounded Colonial Spirits) which shali be discovered or found in his Custody or Possession in any Vault, Cellar or Place, not specially entered for that Purpose, or where any British Spirits, or compounded Spirits, shall be found or kept, together with all such Spirits so discovered and found, and the Casks and Packages containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall mix or keep, sell or send out any British Spirits mixed with Foreign or Colonial Spirits, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Spirits so mixed or sold, or sent out, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, shall also be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that every Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits shall be allowed on all Foreign or Colonial Spirits (not being compounded Colonial Spirits) lawfully brought into his or her Stock, additional Credit, over and above Credit for the Number of Gallons expressed in the Permit accompanying such Spirits, and delivered to the Officer for such further Number of Gallons as shall be equal to the Number of Gallons of Water added to and mixed with such Spirits in the Presence of the Officer, in order to reduce the Strength thereof to the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof.

CXXVII. And the better to prevent the Removal of Spirits that have been illegally imported, or privately distilled, into the Stocks of entered Dealers in and Retailers of Spirits, and of others, be it enacted, That no Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits shall be allowed to request or take out more than One Permit in one and the same Day to any 6 Geo. IV. F f one

Wine received by Permit, and kept separate, not exceeding Quantity herein mentioned to one Person in the same Day.

Dealers in Foreign Spirits to keep British Spirits in separate Places.

Penalty.

British not to be mixed with Foreign or Colonial Spirits, or sold or sent out.

Penalty.

Credit allowed to Dealer in Foreign or Colonial Spirits, not compounded.

Distiller, &c. not to take out more than One Permit in one Day for the same Person, and that only for One Cask,

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Exception *

Penalty.

Proviso for Spirits of different Kinds; and for any Number of Casks at one Time of certain Contents.

Retailer not to be concerned in Distillery, &c.

Penalty.

How far Retailers not having a Dealer's Licence, may have Permit.

Selling, &c.

Penalty. Permit void.

Retailer keeping or sending opt Spirits of

one Person whomsoever, except as hereinafter is excepted, and such Permit shall be granted for the Removal of no more than One Cask or other Package (not being Bottles) containing any Spirits of one Sort or Kind, and if any more than One Cask or other Package (not being Bottles) of Spirits of one Sort or Kind, at any one Time directed to one and the same Person or Persons, where there are Two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, except as hereinafter is excepted, shall be found, removed or carried, or removing or carrying from one Place in England to any other Place therein, whether with or without Permit, the same shall be forfeited and lost, and the Person selling or sending out such Spirits shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings; er Gallon, at the Election of the Commissioners of Excise, or Person who shall inform or sue for the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits from taking out Two or more Permits, and by virtue thereof sending Two or more Casks or other Packages containing Spirits of a different Sort or Kind to the same Person in the same Day, so as each and every such Cask or Package respectively shall be separately and distinctly described in such Permit or Permits: And also provided, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to prevent the sending with one and the same Permit any Number of Casks with any Kind of Spirits therein, each such Cask then containing Eighty Gallons or upwards of Spirits.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Retailer of Spirits shall be a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or have any Part or Share in any Distillery or Rectifying House, or be in any Manner interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits; and if any such Retailer shall be a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or shall have any Part or Share in any Distillery or Rectifying House, or be in any Manner interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, such Retailer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Retailer of Spirits, not taking out or having a Licence as a Dealer in Spirits, shall be entitled to request, or shall have any Permit granted for the Removal of Spirits, except to a private Person not being a Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits; and that every Retailer, not taking out or having such Dealer's Licence, who shall sell, send out or deliver, any Spirits to any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of, or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all such Spirits so sold, sent out or delivered by such Retailer, shall, together with the Package containing the same, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every Permit drawn or granted for that Purpose shall be wholly null and void.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Retailer of British Spirits shall sell, or send out or receive, or have or keep in his or their Stock, Custody or Possession, any Spirits of Wine, ex-11 ceeding

A.DA 825.

6° GEO. IV,

C. 80.

4 35

ceeding at one Time Ten Gallons, or any Plain British Spirits of any Strength exceeding the Strength of Twenty five per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, or lower than Seventeen per Centum tinder Hydrometer Proof, or any Compounded Spirits, not being Shrub, of greater Strength than Seventeen per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, or any Foreign or Colonial Spirits (not being compounded Colonial Spirits) of less Strength than Seventeen per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, on pain of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall be sold, sent out, had or kept contrary hereto, with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and no Allowance whatever shall be granted to any such Retailer for any Increase in Stock of Spirits of Wine, or Plain British Spirits or Compounds, by Water, Sugar, Syrup or Fruit; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise shall, as often and at such Times as he may think fit, take an accurate and true Account of the Quantity of all Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of ever}' Retailer of Spirits; and if, after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted since the last Account taken of the Stock of such Retailer .it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Retailer, shall exceed the Quantity for which such Retailer shalPhave Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what was on hand at the last preceding Account taken, or from what may have been lawfully received subsequent thereto, such Excess shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits illegally received, and a Quantity of Spirits of the like Kind, equal to such Excess, shall and maybe seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Retailer, by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Retailer in whose Stock, Custody or Possession such Excess shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings per Gallon for every Gallon of such Excess.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly sell or deliver, or cause to be sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, any Quantity of Spirits to any other Person, to the end that the same maybe unlawfully retailed or consumed, or carried into Consumption in any Part of England, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose, over and above all other Penalties, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive, buy or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Spirits after the same shall be removed from the Place where the same ought to have been charged with the Duty payable in respect thereof, or before the Duty to which the same shall be liable has been charged and paid, or secured to be paid, or before such Spirits have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, the Person or Persons offending therein, whether he, she or they had or have, or had or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have any Property or Interest therein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose all such Spirits so received, bought or had in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and treble the

F f 2 Value

Wine, or Spirits of any other Strength than herein specified,

Penalty.

No Allowance for Increase of Stock.

Officer may take Account of Stock under Increase.

What deemed Spirits illegally received.

Penalty.

Selling, &c. Liquors to be unlawfully retailed.

Penalty.

Having in Possession Spirits, &c. for which Duties have not been paid,

Penalty.

436

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

No Licence for retailing Spirits *within Gaols, &c.

How far only Spirits may be used there, &c.

First Offence,

Second Offence.

Justices upon Information of the said Offences may enter and empower Constable to seize, &c.

Conveying, &e. Spirituous Liquors into Workhouses.

Punishment.

Value thereof, according to and at the Rate and Price which the best Spirits of the like kind and Strength do or shall bear and sell for in London, at the Time when such Penalty shall be incurred.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for the retailing of Spirits within any Gaol, Prison, House of Correction or Workhouse for any Parish Poor, and that all Licences granted or to be granted contrary to this Provision, shall be void and of no Effect; and if any Gaoler, Keeper or Of-cer of any Gaol, Prison or House of Correction, or any Governor, Master or Officer of any Workhouse for any Parish Poor, shall sell, use, lend or give away, or knowingly permit or suffer any Spirits to be sold, used, lent or given away in any such Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction or Workhouses, or brought into the same, other than and except such Spirits as shall be prescribed or given by the Prescription and Direction of a regular Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, and to be applied in pursuance of such Prescription from the Shop of some regular Apothecary, every such Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, Master or other Officer, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case any such Gaoler or other Officer, being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall again offend in like Manner, and be thereof a Second Time lawfully convicted, such Second Offence shall be deemed a Forfeiture of his Office.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any One of them, upon Information upon Oath that any Spirits are kept and disposed of in any such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction or Workhouse for Parish Poor, to enter and search, or to authorize and empower any Constable, Headborough or other Peace Officer of the Parish Where any such Places are .situated, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to enter and search any such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction or Workhouse; and in case any Spirits shall be found therein (except such as are directed to be used medicinally as aforesaid), it shall and may be lawful for such Constable, Headborough or Overseer of the Poor, to seize such Spirits, and to cause the same to be forthwith staved and destroyed.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall carry or bring, or attempt to endeavour to carry or bring any Spirits (except to be used in the Way of Medicine, as hereinbefore mentioned), into any Workhouse for Parish Poor; and if any Person or Persons shall offend therein, it shall be lawful for the Master or Chief Officer of such Workhouse, or his or their Servants, to arrest such Person or Persons, and to carry him, her or them before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Division, City, Town Corporate or Liberty where such Workhouse is situate, (who is hereby empowered to hear and determine such Offence in a summary Way, and to administer an Oath to the Witnesses; and if by the Oath of One credible Witness or otherwise he shall convict such Person or Persons of such Offence, he shall forthwith commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, or to the House of Correction, there to be kept at Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

C. 80.

437

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Master and Chief Officer of every Workhouse for any Parish Poor, shall procure One or more Copy or Copies of the Three preceding Clauses to be printed, or fairly written and hung up in One of the most public Places of his Workhouse for Parish Poor, and renew the same from time to time, so that it may be always kept fair and legible, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Ten Pounds for every wilful Default, to be levied by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Division, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, where such Gaol, Prison, House of Correction or Workhouse shall be situate, to be granted on Conviction of such Default in a summary Way before such Justice, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer; and it shall and may be lawful for every Justice of the Peace to enter into any Gaol, Prison, House of Correction or Workhouse for Parish Poor within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, and demand a Sight of such Copy so hung up as aforesaid; and if the same shall not be forthwith shewn to him so hung up in some public Place, fair and legible as aforesaid, such Justice shall and may immediately convict such Gaoler, Keeper, Master or Officer of such Default, and so from time to time as often as he shall think fit.

CXXXVIII. And be it likewise enacted, That no Person or Persons shall hawk, or shall sell or expose to Sale any Spirits, by whatever Name or Names they are or may be called or distinguished, in or about the Streets, Highways or other Places, or in or from any Boat or other Vessel upon the Water, or in any other Manner or Place whatsoever, except in such Place as hereinbefore in this Act mentioned or allowed, upon pain of forfeiting all such Spirits, and the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own View, or on the Confession of the Party, or by the Proof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict any Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, or some mitigated Amount, not being Jess than One fourth Part thereof; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall and may by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to Hard Labour in the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively for the Space of Three Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she or they shall have paid the said Sum of Money, or until the full Expiration of the said Three Months.

CXXXIX. And be it also enacted, That it is and shall be lawful for One or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, on any Information upon Oath made before him or them against any Person or Persons, for hawking or selling or exposing

Master, &c. to cause Copy of Three preceding Clauses to be hung up, Sec.

Penalty.

Justices may enter and demand a Sight thereof; if not legible, may convict.

Hawking Spirits.

Penalty. Conviction by One Justice.

Penalty not paid.

Imprisonment.

One or more Justice, upon Information on Oath, may issue Warrant to

438

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

apprehend

Offenders.

Any Person may detain a Hawker of Spirits, and give Notice to a Peace Officer.

Proceedings

thereon.

Offending Party informing against the other, acquitted

to Sale any Spirits contrary to this Act, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to be directed to any Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace, for the apprehending and bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, in order to such Offender or Offenders being by such Justice or Justices dealt with according to Law.

CXL. And Whereas, for want of a Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace being at Hand to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, he, she or they has or have often escaped unpunished; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to seize and detain any Person or Persons who shall hawk or sell or expose to Sale, in Manner aforesaid, any Spirits by whatsoever Name or Names they are or may be called or distinguished, for such reasonable Time as he, she or they may give Notice to the Constable, Head-borough, Tythingman, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or some other Peace or Parish Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Person so seized and detained before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby required to proceed to the Examination of such Person so seized and brought before him for such Offence in the same Manner as if such Person so seized had been apprehended and brought before him by a Constable or any other Ministerial Officer of the Peace under such Warrant as aforesaid.

CXLI. And for the more effectual Discovery of Offenders, be it further enacted, That on the Commission of any Offence under this Act, either of the offending Parties who shall first discover

Evidence

admitted.

of Penalty, and and inform against the other or others of such offending Parties, before any Information has been lodged against such informing Party for such Offence, shall, upon Conviction of the Person or Persons against whom such Information shall be given, be discharged and acquitted from all Penalties to which at the Time of such Information given such informing Party may be liable for or by reason of any such Offence committed by such informing Party; and that the Evidence of such Informing Party shall, on any Trial at Law touching such Offence, be admitted to prove the Facts thereof or relating thereto.

CXLII. And for the Encouragement of those who shall discover Offences committed against this Act, be it enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall be lawfully convicted of any Offence against any of the Provisions of this Act, and the pecuniary Penalty imposed for such Offence shall not be paid, and cannot be levied, or the Person incurring any such Penalty is not able to pay the same, but in lieu thereof is sent to Prison, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding Fifty Pounds in each Case, to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informers, out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any Penalties or Forfeitures under the Ex-

In what Cases Informers may be rewarded by Commissioners.

cise Laws

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. a 80.

CXLIII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, armed with a Gun, Pistol, Sword or Pike, or in a violent Manner with Staves or Stones, rescue any Offender arrested, or any Goods or Chattels seized under this Act, or shall prevent such Arrest of Seizure, or shall assault, beat or wound any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or anj^ Person or Persons who shall have given or be about to give any Information against, or shall have discovered or given Evidence against, or be about to discover or give Evidence against, or shall seize or bring to Justice any Person or Persons offending against this Act, or who shall have seized or be about to seize or examine any Goods or Chattels forfeited under this Act, or shall forcibly oppose the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, or who, being so armed, or with such Violence as aforesaid shall offer or threaten so to do, then all and every Person or Persons so offending, and their Aiders and Abettors thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and be adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Courts by and before whom he, she or they shall be convicted, shall have full Power and Authority of transporting such Felon and Felons for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

CXLIV. And be it also enacted, That if any Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace whatsoever shall refuse or neglect, upon due Notice or Request, or on his own View, to be aiding and assisting, or to proceed as aforesaid in the Execution of this Act, such Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, or Person employed in the Collection or Management of, or accounting for or securing the Revenue of Excise on Spirits, shall directly or indirectly ask or demand or take or receive any Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward whatsoever, or any Security for any Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward, or acquiesce in or make or enter into any collusive Agreement with any Person or Persons to do, conceal or connive at any Act or Thing whereby any of the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise on Spirits, shall or may be evaded or broken, or His said Revenue defrauded, or to do or perform, or permit or suffer to be done or performed any Act or Thing whatsoever contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, or to neglect or omit to do or perform any Act or Thing whatsoever belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, every such Officer or Person so employed offending as aforesaid shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and being thereof duly convicted, shall be incapable of thereafter serving

439

Armed Persons opposing the Law, rescuing Offenders, or assaulting Officers, Informers or Witnesses, Felony.

Punishment.

Constable, &c. not executing Act upon Notice or View.

Penalty.

Officer, &c. taking Money or other Reward, or entering into collusive Agreement to act contrary to Duty, Penalty, &c., and Incapacity.

MO

C. 80.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Person offering Reward, or proposing such Agreement.

Penalty.

In what Cases Informer indemnified.

His Majesty in any Office or Employment whatsoever; and every Person who shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or promise to give to any Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, any Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward whatsoever, or any Security for any Sum of Money, Recompence or Reward whatsoever, or shall, propose, make or enter into any collusive Agreement with any Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, in order to corrupt and prevail upon such Officer or Person as last aforesaid to do, conceal or connive at any Act or Thing whereby any of the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise on Spirits shall or may be evaded or broken, or his said Revenue defrauded, or to do or perform, or permit or suffer to be done or performed, any Act or Thing whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, or to neglect or omit to do or perform any Act or Thing whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, shall, for each and every such Offence, whether such Sum of Money or other Reward or Promise of, or Security for the same, or such Agreement be received, accepted, entered into or performed or not, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case any such Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, who shall have directly or indirectly asked or demanded, or taken or received any such Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward, or any Promise of or Security for the same, or acquiesced in, made or entered into any such collusive Agreement, shall, before any Complaint shall have been made, or any Proceedings had against him for having committed any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, give Information of the Gift, Offer or Promise to give such Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward or Security for the same, or of such collusive Agreement proposed, or made or entered into, and Proceedings shall thereon be thought fit to be instituted, so that such Penalty as aforesaid shall be recovered against the Person who shall have directly or indirectly given or offered, or promised to give any such Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward or Security for the same, or shall have proposed, made or entered into any such collusive Agreement; or in case the Person who shall have directly or indirectly given or offered, or promised to give any such Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward or Security for the same, or shall have proposed or made, or entered into any such collusive Agreement, shall, before any Complaint shall have been made, or any Proceedings had against him or her for having committed any such Offence or Offences, give Information of the asking or demanding, or of the taking or receiving of any such Sum of Money or other Recompence or Reward, or Promise of Security for the same, or of such collusive Agreement acquiesced in, made or entered into by any Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, and Proceedings shall thereon be thought ft to be instituted, so that such Penalty as aforesaid shall be recovered against such Officer or Person so employed and offending as aforesaid; then and in either of the said Cases either of the said Parties so first giving such Information

6° GEO. IV. C. 80. 441

shall be exempted from and indemnified against the Penalties and Disabilities imposed on such Party for such Offence or Offences by this Act.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, or any Workman or Servant belonging to or employed, or authorised by such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, or if any other Person or Persons shall molest, hinder, oppose or obstruct any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any of them, every such Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Gallon in this Act mentioned, shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be a Gallon Imperial Standard Gallon Measure.

CXLVIII. And in order to secure the Duties of Excise granted and imposed by this Act, from time to time due and owing and in Arrear, from any Distiller or Distillers, and for the Enforcement of any Penalty or Penalties incurred by any Distiller or Distillers, for any Offence or Offences by him or them committed against this or any other Law or Laws of Excise relating to Spirits, be it further enacted, That all Worts, Wash, LowWines, Feints and Spirits, and all Materials, Preparations, Utensils and Vessels for the making thereof, in the Custody or Possession of such Distiller and Distillers, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for him, her or them, or into whose Hands soever the same shall come, and by what Conveyance or Title soever the same shall be claimed, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with all the Duties of Excise in Arrear and owing from time to time, from or by such Distiller or Distillers; and shall also be subject and liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Distiller or Distillers, for any Offence or Offences by him, her or them committed, against this or any other Law or Laws of Excise relating to Spirits; and it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy thereupon such Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures, and use such Proceedings for the Recovery or Enforcement thereof, as might lawfully be done in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of such Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Feints and Spirits, Materials, Preparations, Utensils and Vessels: Provided always, that when the same shall come into the Hands and Possession of any Third Person or Persons, by any bona fide Sale and Delivery made before any such Duties have been charged or become chargeable upon, or any such Penalties or Forfeitures have been incurred by the Distiller or Distillers by whom the same respectively shall have been so sold and delivered as aforesaid, no such Worts, Wash, Low Wines, Feints or Spirits, Materials, Preparations, Vessels or Utensils, shall be subject or liable to, or be made chargeable with such Duties, Penalties or Forfeitures as hereinbefore mentioned.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty,

Imperial Gallon applied to this Act.

Spirits, Materials, Utensils, and Vessels of Distiller, subject to Arrears of Duty, Penalties and Forfeitures.

Proviso for the same comiDg to the Hands of Third Persons *

442

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Powers of 12 C. 2. c. 24. and of any other Law now in force relating to the Excise, extended to this Act.

Extent and Commencement of this Act.

Spirits unduly removed between the Times herein mentioned, forfeited.

Proviso for the Continuance of Excise Laws.

C. 80. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same: Provided, that no such Mitigation shall in any Case reduce any Penalty imposed by this Act, for any Offence of which any Person or Persons shall be convicted, to less than One fourth Part of such Penalty, over and above reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences incurred by the Prosecution.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Parliament of England, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking avoay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty, in lieu thereof or by any other Law in force in England, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be (except so far as any of them may be altered by this Act) practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, except where otherwise mentioned, extend to England only, and so far as relates to Licences, and to the making and distilling, and warehousing and Removal of Spirits under the Provisions contained in and chargeable with the Duties imposed by this Act, shall commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and so far as relates to the Sale, Delivery and Removal of Spirits, and the Payment of the Duties upon Spirits hereby imposed, and other Parts of this Act (except as aforesaid) shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; and that all Spirits made and distilled in England or brought into England from Scotland or Ireland, under the Provisions of this Act, after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and before the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and which shall during such Period be found removing or removed from any Part of England to any other Part thereof, except only for the Purpose of being warehoused under the Provisions of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Distiller or other Person removing or concerned in the Removal or Receipt of any such Spirits, shall upon Conviction of such Offence, forfeit his or her Licence, and no new Excise Licence shall be granted to such Distiller or other Person so convicted for the Remainder of the current Year of the Licence so forfeited: Provided always, that all and singular the Law and Laws of Excise in force in England at the Time of passing this Act, shall

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 80.

413

remain and continue in force until the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, for rectifying, compounding, selling, delivering and removing Spirits made and distilled in England, or brought into England from Scotland, or Ireland for Consumption in England, and in respect whereof the Duties respectively hereby repealed, are paid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twent}^ five, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller in England, and for any Proprietor of any British Spirits distilled in Scotland or Ireland, and brought into England, according to the Provisions of this Act, to warehouse, and every such Distiller and Proprietor respectively is hereby required forthwith to warehouse, under the Provisions of this Act, the whole of the British Spirits which any such Distiller shall, between the said Tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, distil or make, or any such Proprietor shall bring into or receive in England from Scotland or Ireland as aforesaid, and to continue all such Spirits so warehoused until the said Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and that on the said Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, every such Distiller and Proprietor respectively shall pay to the Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as they shall employ to receive the same, all the Duties respectively by this Act imposed, charged or chargeable upon such Distiller or Proprietor for or in respect of such Spirits so warehoused, and of all Deficiencies thereof, or of so much of such Spirits as shall not, by Notice on that Day to be delivered by such Distiller or Proprietor to the proper Officer, be desired by him or her respectively to be continued in Warehouse for Exportation only to Foreign Parts, and all such Spirits then in any such Warehouse for which such Duty shall be so paid shall thereupon be delivered from such Warehouse: Provided always, that no Spirits so warehoused for which such Duty respectively shall not be so paid on the said Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and which shall be so desired to be continued in Warehouse, shall be on any Pretence whatever afterwards delivered from such Warehouse, except for such Exportation only; and that all Spirits for which the Duty respectively shall not be so paid as aforesaid, and which shall not be desired by such Notice as aforesaid to be continued in the Warehouse for such Exportation only as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Spirits made or brought from Scotland or Ireland into England, between the 10th October 1825, and the 6th January 1826, to be warehoused, and Duty paid on the latter Day.

Exception,

Proviso as to delivering out of Warehoused Spirits.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

444

Duties on Excise Licences in cease.

Proviso respecting Arrears, Penalties, Bonds, &c.

Instead of Duties repealed, the follow, ing shall be levied.

New Duties.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to repeal several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland\ and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences.

[27th June 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Duties and ' Sums of Money payable for or upon certain Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to impose ' other Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the general Laws of Excise for granting such Licences Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and singular the respective Duties and Sums of Money granted or payable for or upon any Excise Licence in Englandr, Scotland or Ireland, or for or upon the granting thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, or by any other Act or Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of such Duties and Sums of Money as aforesaid respectively, which on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five shall remain due and unpaid, and save and except as to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall, on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, have been incurred, and shall then remain due and unpaid, and save and except as to any Excise Licence or Licences theretofore granted, and any Bond or Bonds made or given by any Excise Trader before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and which shall then remain in force and unexpired.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the several Duties of Excise, or Rates and Sums of Money hereinafter following; (that is to say,)

FOR and upon every Excise Licence to be taken out by any Maker, Manufacturer, Trader, Dealer, Retailer or Person hereinafter mentioned, within Great Britain and Ireland, to be paid by such Maker, Manufacturer, Trader, Dealer, Retailer and Person respectively, the respective annual Sum or Duty of Excise in British Currency hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

AUCTIONS. — For and upon every Excise Licence to be taken out by every Person exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by Auction BEER — Every Brewer of Table Beer only for Sale, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Brewer within the Year ending the 10th Day of October, previous to taking out such Licence, shall not exceed 20 Barrels

If the same shall exceed 20 Barrels, and shall not exceed 50 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 50, and shall not exceed 100 Barrels -Or if the same shall exceed 100 Barrels Every Brewer of Beer (other than Table Beer only) for Sale, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Brewer within the Year ending the 10th Day of October, previous to taking .out such Licence, shall not exceed 20 Barrels

If the same shall exceed 20, and shall not exceed 50 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 50, and shall not exceed 100 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 100, and shall not exceed 1,000 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 1,000, and shall not exceed

2.000 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 2,000, and shall not exceed

5.000 Barrels -

If the same shall exceed 5,000, and shall not exceed 7, 500 Barrels ----

If the same shall exceed 7, 500, and shall not exceed

10.000 Barrels -

If the same shall exceed 10,000, and shall not exceed

20.000 Barrels -

If the same shall exceed 20,000, and shall not exceed

30.000 Barrels -

If the same shall exceed 30,000, and shall not exceed

40.000 Barrels -

Or if the same shall exceed 40,000 Barrels Every Person who shall first become a Brewer of Beer for Sale, on taking out such Licence as aforesaid for that Purpose, shall pay the Sum of 10s., and within Ten Days after the Tenth Day of October next after taking out such Licence, pay such further additional Sum as, with the said sum of 10s., shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Number of Barrels of Beer brewed within the preceding Year, or Period for which such Licence was granted - -

Every Brewer of Beer for Sale, who shall retail such Beer to be consumed elsewhere than on his, her or their Premises Every Person, not being a Brewer of Beer, who shall sell Strong Beer only in Casks, containing not less than 4-Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, to be

£ TTdT

5 0 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

7 10 0

11 5 0

15 0 0

30 0 0

45 0 0

60 0 0

75 0 0

0 10 0 5 5 0

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

446

JE>£f>7^>__________

SPIRITS — continued.

drank or consumed elsewhere than on his, her or their Premises -

Every Person who shall be duly authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Ale House or Victualling Plouse, and who shall sell Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed in his, her or their House or Premises, if the Dwelling House in which such Person shall reside or retail Beer, Cyder or Perry as aforesaid, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses at a Rent of 20l. per Annum or upwards, or shall not be rented or valued at such Rent or annual Value, or upwards And if rated, rented or valued as aforesaid, at 20/.per An-num, or upwards -

CANDLES. — Every Maker of Wax Candles, or Spermaceti Candles, for Sale -

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles -COFFEE. — Every Person trading in or selling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper ...

GLASS. — Every Glass Maker, for each and every Glass House HIDES. — Every Tanner -

Every Tawer -

Every Dresser of Hides or Skins in Oil -Every Currier ----

Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment MALT — Every Maltster or Maker of Malt, if the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year shall not exceed 50 Quarters -

If the same shall exceed 50, and shall not exceed 100 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 100, and shall not exceed 150 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 150, and shall not exceed 200 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 200, and shall not exceed 250 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 250, and shall not exceed 300 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 300, and shall not exceed 350 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 350, and shall not exceed 400 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 400, and shall not exceed 450 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 450, and shall not exceed 500 Quarters ----

If the same shall exceed 500, and shall not exceed 550 Quarters ----

And if the same shall exceed 550 Quarters

* £ s. d. 3 3 0

1 1 0

3 3 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

0 11 0

20 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

4 0 0

4 0 0

2 0 0

0 7 6

0 15 0

1 2 6

1 10 0

1 17 6

2 5 0

2 12 6

3 0 0

3 7 6

3 15 0

4 2 6

4 10 0

I MALT — continued.

Every Person who shall first become a Maltster or Maker of Malt, on taking out such Licence as aforesaid for that Purpose, shall pay the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence, and, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, pay such further additional Sum as, with the said Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence, shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Quantity of Malt made within the preceding Year or Period for which such Licence was granted -PAPER. — Every Maker of Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard -Every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper PRINTED GOODS. — Every Calico Printer, and every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Linens, Cottons, Stuffs or Silks -SOAP. — Every Maker of Soap for Sale -SPIRITS. — Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits Every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits Every Dealer in Spirits, not being a Retailer thereof Every Maker of Stills in Scotland or Ireland Every Person in Scotland or Ireland, not being a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, who shall keep or use any Still for the carrying on the Trade of a Chemist, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills ----

Every Retailer of Spirits (except Retailers of Spirits in Ireland after mentioned) if the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such Spirits at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of 10l. per Annum or upwards, or shall not be rented or valued at such Rent or annual Value or upwards -

If the same shall be rated, rented or valued as aforesaid, at 10l. per Annum or upwards, and under 20L -If at 201, and under 25/.

If at 251. and under 30/.

If at 30/. and under 40/. -

If at 40/. and under 50/.

If at 50L per Annum, or upwards -Every Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, being duly licensed to trade in, vend and sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper, and not selling Spirits in any greater Quantity at one Time than Two Quarts, or any Spirits to be consumed in the House or Premises of such Retailer, if the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such Spirits as aforesaid at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of 25/. per Annum or upwards, or shall not be rented or valued at such Rent or annual Value, or upwards -

£ s. d.

0 7 6

4 0 0

4 0 0

20 0 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

10 0 0

10 0 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

2 2 0

4 4 0

6 6 0

7 7 0

8 8 0

9 0 0

10 10 0

9 9 0

448

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SPIRITS — continued.

If the same shall be rated, rented or valued as aforesaid,

at 25/. and under 30/.

If at 30/. and under 40/.

If at 40/. and under 50/.

If at 50/. and upwards -STARCH. — Every Starch Maker for Sale -SWEETS. — Every Maker of any Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, or of Mead or Metheglin, for Sale Every Retailer of Sweets or Made Wines, or of Mead or Metheglin -

TOBACCO AND SNUFF. — Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuffwork weighed by such Person for Manufacture within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July previous to taking out such Licence, shall not have exceeded 20,000 lbs. Weight

If the same shall exceed 20,000 lbs. and shall not exceed

40.000 lbs. Weight ---- If the same shall exceed 40,000 lbs. and shall not exceed

60.000 lbs. Weight ---- If the same shall exceed 60,000 lbs. and shall not exceed

80.000 lbs. Weight -

If the same shall exceed 80,000 lbs. and shall not exceed

100.000 lbs. Weight ---- If the same shall exceed 100,000 lbs. Weight

Every Person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, on taking out such Licence as aforesaid for that Purpose, shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, pay such further Sum as with the said Sum of Five Pounds shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuffwork weighed for Manufacture within the preceding Year or Period for which such Licence was granted Every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco or Snuff VINEGAR. — Every Maker of Vinegar or Acetous Acid for Sale ----

WINE. — Every Dealer in Foreign Wine, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing Spirits, and a Licence for retailing Beer - -

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer to be drank or consumed on his, her or their Premises, but shall not have taken out an Excise Licence for retailing Spirits to be so drank or consumed ----

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine who shall have taken out Excise Licences for retailing Beer and Spirits respectively to be so drank or consumed -WIRE. — Every Wire Drawer, or other Person who shall draw or cause to be drawn any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire -__________- _______-

£ s. d. I

10 10 0 11 11 0

12 12 0 13 13 0

5 0 0

2 2 0

1 1 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

30 0 0

5 0 0 0 5 0

5 0 0 10 0 0

4 0 2 2 0

2 0 0 j

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

44-9

And that for the better securing, raising, levying and collecting New Duties to of the said Duties hereby granted, the same shall be under the under the Collection and Management of the Commissioners of Excise for Conimis^oners the Time being; and that all the Monies therefrom arising shall of Excise.

(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted therefrom) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And Whereas the Duty imposed by this Act on every

Licence to be taken out by any Brewer or Brewers of Beer for x Sale, is rated according to the Quantity of Beer brewed by the

Person or Persons taking out such Licence: And Whereas no Account is taken or kept by the Officers of Excise in Ireland of

the Quantity of Beer brewed there for Sale, but of the Malt only used and employed by all and every Brewer or Brewers

there for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted, That all and ^deemed^" every Brewer or Brewers of Beer for Sale in Ireland shall, for the tohave brewed Purpose of fixing and regulating the Rate and Amount of Duty One Barrel of to be paid by such Brewer or Brewers for the Licence to be taken Beer for every out by him, her or them, under this Act, be deemed to have Two Bushels of brewed One Barrel of Beer for every Two Bushels of Malt used Malt* or employed by such Brewer or Brewers in brewing; and shall, for every Licence to be taken out by him, her or them, under this Act for brewing Beer for Sale, pay such Amount of Duty, according to the Rate by this Act imposed, as shall be correspondent to the Quantity of Beer which he, she or they shall be deemed to have brewed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said What Persons Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in Ireland all Persons who shall be duly licensed under this Act to deal in or c^and^e* sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper, shall be deem- titled to a Spirit ed Grocers, within the Meaning of the several Laws of Excise Retail Licence, in force in Ireland, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and shall be entitled to take out the Licence hereinbefore mentioned to retail Spirits, in any Quantity not exceeding Two Quarts at any one Time, to be consumed elsewhere than in the House or on the Premises of such Retailer, subject nevertheless to all and every the Regulations contained in the said Laws, or any of them, in respect of Grocers retailing Spirits, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act.

6 V. And Whereas the Duty upon certain Licences authorized and required to be taken out by this Act, is imposed at and according to the Rent at which the Premises used for the Purpose or Purposes mentioned in such Licence are rated to the Duty on inhabited Houses: And Whereas many Houses or Premises in different Parts of the United Kingdom, for or in respect of which such Licences may be required, may not be so rated Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases, and in any Part of the United Kingdom in which any such House or Premises shall not be so rated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, in order to ascertain the Rent or annual Value of such Blouse or Premises, for the Person or Persons, being the Tenant or Occupier by Tenant and thereof, who shall apply for any such Licence, upon which the Landlord, if Duty is so imposed as aforesaid, to produce to the Person or such Certlf'cat3 6 Geo. IV. Gg Persons unsat, sfact0

Where House and Premises not rated, Rent or annual Value to be certified

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commissioners of Excise to adopt other Means for ascertaining Rent or Value there of, which shall be conclusive.

Regulations as to Licences to be granted, and by whom, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and of Edinburgh and Dublin respectively, and elsewhere.

Licences granted on Payment of the Duties.

Free from Poundage, Fee s,

Persons authorized to grant such Licence as aforesaid, a Certificate, signed by himself and the Owner or Landlord of the said House and Premises, stating the true Rent paid by or for which such House or Premises is or are let to such Tenant or Occupier; or if the true Rent, by reason of the Payment of any Premium, or Performance of any Condition or otherwise, shall not be reserved and payable to the Owner or Landlord by the Tenant or Occupier of such House or Premises, then and in such Case, stating the estimated Rent, or true annual Value of such House or Premises; and the Rate of Duty payable by such Tenant or Occupier for such Licence, shall be paid, taken and received, according to the Rent or Value so certified: Provided always, that if the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licence shall be dis-satisfied with the Rent or Value so certified, he or they shall and is and are hereby authorized and required to adopt such other Means as the Commissioners of Excise shall think fit, and shall from time to time direct, to ascertain the true Rent or annual Value of such House or Premises; and that thereupon the Rate of Duty payable for and upon such Licence shall be paid, taken and received, according to the Rent or annual Value of the House and Premises so ascertained as last aforesaid; any Thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Excise Licence which is authorized or required to be taken out by this Act shall be granted, and the Duty thereupon imposed shall be paid in and throughout the United Kingdom in Manner and Form following; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Head or Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, or of such Person or Persons as such Commissioners shall from time to time employ for that Purpose, and the Duty thereupon imposed as aforesaid shall be paid at such Head or Chief Office at the Time of granting the Licence; or if such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Cities of Edinburgh or of Dublin respectively, such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of His Majesty's Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise acting in and for Scotland or Ireland respectively, for the Time being, or of any Two of them respectively, or of such Person or Persons as such Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners shall from time to time employ for that Purpose, and the Duty thereupon imposed shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, at the Time of granting the Licence; or if such Licence shall be taken out in any other Part of the United Kingdom without such respective Limits as in that Behalf respectively aforesaid, then and in every such Case the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, or other Person having Charge of the Collection, and Supervisor of Excise within the Collection and District in which such Licence is taken out, and the Duty thereupon imposed shall be paid to such Collector or other Person as aforesaid at the Time of granting the Licence \ and such respective Commissioners of Excise in England,

6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

451

and Commissioner or Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Excise acting in and for Scotland and Ireland respectively, and the Person or Persons by them respectively employed as aforesaid, and every Collector or other Person having Charge of the Collection, and Supervisor as aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant and deliver every such Licence to the Person or Persons who shall apply for and be legally entitled to receive the same, forthwith upon Payment of the Duty or Sum of Money thereupon imposed, free from all Poundage, Fee, Gratuity or any other Payment whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every Licence to be taken out under or by Authority of this Act shall be contained and set forth the Purpose, Trade or Business for which such Licence is granted, and the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same, and the true Date or Time of granting such Licence, and (except in the Case of Auctioneers) the Place at which the Trade or Business for which such Licence is granted shall be carried on: Provided alwa} ^, that Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade or Business in One Place and Set of Premises only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence in any One Year, for the Purpose of carrying on such Trade or Business, save and except that each and every Person whatsoever exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or acting as such, shall take out a separate and distinct Licence for that Purpose; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by Auction, shall, over and above any Licence to him or her granted as an Auctioneer, take out such Licence as is required by Law, to deal in or retail, or to vend, trade in or sell any Goods or Commodities for the dealing in, or retailing or vending, trading in or selling, of which an Excise Licence is specially required, before he or she shall be permitted or authorized to sell such Goods or Commodities by Auction; and if any such Person shall sell any such Goods or Commodities as aforesaid by Auction, without having taken out such Licence as aforesaid for that Purpose, he or she shall be subject and liable to the Penalty in that Behalf imposed upon Persons dealing in or retailing, vending, trading or selling any such Goods or Commodities without Licence, notwithstanding any Licence to him or her before granted as aforesaid, for the Purpose of exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by Auction; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that where such Goods or Commodities as aforesaid are the Property of any Person or Persons duly licensed to deal in or retail, or to vend, trade in or sell the same, such Person or Persons having made lawful Entry of his, her or their House or Premises for such Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for any Person exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by Auction as aforesaid, being duly licensed for that Purpose, to sell

Contents of Licence.

Partners need not take out more than One Licence, except Auctioneers.

Regulations as to Auctioneers selling by Auction Goods for the selling of which an Excise Licence is specially required.

452

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

"What Persons only taking

out .Licence shall give Bond.

Regulations as to the giving Bond in such case by Brewers in Ireland, and by Auctioneers in (U.K.)

Proviso for Bonds already givem

No One Licence to authorize any Person (Exceptions) to carry on his Trade in more than One separate Set of Premises.

Proviso,

such Goods or Commodities as aforesaid, for and on behalf of such Person or Persons, and upon his, her or their entered House or Premises, without taking out a separate Licence for such Sale.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, where by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Excise Licences in force in Great Britain, or Ireland on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it is required that any Person or Persons taking out an Excise Licence to exercise or carry on any Trade or Business therein mentioned in any Part of the United Kingdom should give Bond at the Time of granting such Licence, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, except Persons exercising or carrying-on the Trade or Business of a Brewer of Beer in Ireland, or the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or Person selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by Auction in any Part of the United Kingdom, to take out such Licence without giving Bond as aforesaid; and that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, where Bond is given by any Person or Persons exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of a Brewer of Beer for Sale in Ireland, or by any Person exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or Person selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by Auction in any Part of the United Kingdom, such Bond shall bear Date with the Day or Date of the Licence taken out for such Purpose, and shall be binding upon the Person or Persons by whom such Bond was made and entered into from the Day of such Date, and not from the Day on which the same may have been executed or delivered; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to annul or make void any Bond heretofore made, and which shall be in force and unexpired on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty live, but that every such Bond as last aforesaid shall remain and continue in force until the Day of the Expiration thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That no One Licence taken out under or by Authority of this Act, by any Person or Persons, except Auctioneers and Maltsters, shall authorize or empower such Person or Persons to exercise or carry on the Trade or Business mentioned in such Licence in more than One separate and distinct Set of Premises, such Premises being all adjoining or contiguous to each other, and situate in One Place, and held together for the same Trade or Business, and of which he, she or they shall have made lawful Entry to exercise or carry on therein his, her or their Trade or Business as aforesaid, at the Time of granting such Licence, but that a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out by all and every such Person or Persons as aforesaid, except as aforesaid, to exercise or carry on his, her or their Trade or Business as aforesaid, at or in any other or different Premises than as before mentioned: Provided always, that where the Amount or Rate of any such Licence shall depend upon the Quantity of Goods made or manufactured by the Person or Persons

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

453

sons to whom the same is granted, such Quantity shall be computed from the respective Goods only made or manufactured by such Person or Persons at the Premises in respect of which such Licence is granted, and shall not include Goods made or manufactured by such Person or Persons at any other or different Premises, for which a separate and distinct Licence is required as above mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons duly licensed to sell Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed in his, her or their House or Premises, or any Retailer of Spirits (not being a Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, licensed as a Grocer, to trade in, vend and sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper), or any Retailer of Foreign Wine or Retailer of Sweets or Made Wines, or of Mead or Metheglin, he or she being duly licensed respectively for such respective Purpose, to carry on his or her Trade or Business for which he or she respectively shall be so licensed as aforesaid, in Booths, Tents or other Places, at the Time and Place, and within the Limits of holding any lawful and accustomed Fair, by virtue of any Law or Statute in that Behalf, or any public Races: Provided also, that in all Cases in which the House or Premises in respect of which any Excise Licence is or shall be granted shall be burnt down or otherwise destroyed, or rendered uninhabitable by Fire or other unavoidable Cause or Accident, it shall and may be lawful for the Commision-ers and Assistant Commissioners of Excise, or Collector and Supervisor or other Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences within the District or Place in which such House or Premises was or were situate, upon due Notice thereof to him or them in that Behalf given, to authorize and empower, by Indorsement on such Licence or otherwise, as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, the Person or Persons authorized to carry on Trade or Business by such Licence at the House or Premises so burnt down or otherwise destroyed or rendered uninhabitable, to carry on such Trade or Business at any other and different House or Premises in the same District or Place, of which due Entry shall be thereupon made by such Person or Persons at the Time of such Removal thereto: Provided always, that where such licensed Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be a Person or Persons by Law required to be duly authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners of Excise, or such Collector and Supervisor, or other Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences as aforesaid, to authorize or empower such licensed Person or Persons as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall, besides giving such Notice as hereinbefore required, produce to such Collector and Supervisor or other Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences as aforesaid, such Authority from Justices of the Peace, as by Law required in that Behalf, to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, in the House or Premises to which such Person or Persons shall desire to remove, in consequence of such Fire or other unavoidable Cause or Accident as aforesaid.

G g 3 XII. And

Proviso for selling Beer, Cyder or Perry, by Persons herein described.

Proviso for Renewal of Licence, in case of Fire or Accident.

Proviso respecting Persons who inust be authorized to keep Inns, Alehouses, &c.

454-

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No Licence necessary for Sale whilst Goodsare in the Import Warehouses.

Limitation of Quantity.

No Licence for selling Beer, &c. without Production of Justice's Licence.

Licence void.

Penalty.

No Licence for retailing Spirits, &c. without Production of Retail Beer Licence.

Licence void.

Penalty.

Aqua Vitae in Scotland deemed British Spirits.

licences for Sale *

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary for any Person or Persons to take out an Excise Licence for the Sale of any Foreign Goods or Commodities, for the Sale of which in any Manner an Excise Licence is required by this Act, whilst such Goods or Commodities shall be and remain in the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged or secured according to Law, before Payment of Duty upon the Importation thereof; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such Sale shall be of not less than One entire Cask or Package of the Liquors or Goods so warehoused, and be made to One Person or to Persons carrying on Trade or Business in Partnership.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Excise Licence shall be granted under or by Authority of this Act, for the Sale of any Beer or C}uler or Perry, by Retail, to be drank or consumed upon the House or Premises of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, to any Person or Persons who shall not produce at the Time of applying for such Licence a Certificate or Authority then in force, to him, her or them in that Behalf granted in due Form of Law by Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, or other competent Persons, for such Person or Persons applying for such Licences as aforesaid to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House; and if any such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons other than as aforesaid, the same shall be and is hereby declared to be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person or Persons taking out the same shall be subject to all Penalty or Penalties to which he, she or they would have been subject had no such Licence been granted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Licence for the Sale of any Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank or consumed in or upon the House or Premises where sold, shall be granted to any Person or Persons who shall not have and produce a Licence for the Sale of Beer, Cyder or Perry, by Retail, to be drank or consumed in or upon such House or Premises, in that Behalf granted as herein by this Act before mentioned; and if any Licence for the Sale of any Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank or consumed in or upon the House or Premises where sold, shall be granted to any Person or Persons other than as aforesaid, such Licence shall be and is hereby declared to be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be subject and liable to all and every Penalty and Penalties imposed upon Persons selling Spirits or Foreign Wines, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, by Retail without Licence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Spirits called Aqua Vitae in Scotland shall be deemed and taken to be British Spirits to all Intents and Purposes, and that all Persons retailing such Spirits in Scotland or elsewhere shall first take out a Licence to retail Beer, and also a Licence to retail Spirits, as before directed by this Act, and shall in all respects be subject to all the same

Rules,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

455

Rules, Regulations and Restrictions to which such Retailers of Spirits are subject or liable; any Thing in this or any other Act ' contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Regulations as Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, to Continuance all Excise Licences taken out in the United Kingdom by any

Brewer or Brewers of Beer, or by any Distiller or Maker, Dis- Brewers Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or by any Person or tillers and Persons who shall be duly authorized by Justices of the Peace Publicans, as] to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, and Retailers of who shall take out a Licence for selling Beer, Cyder or Perry by ^andast^the Retail, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises, or for Renewal selling Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or thereof.

Mead or Metheglin, by Retail, under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Law or Laws of Excise (except any Excise Licence or Licences theretofore granted, and which shall be then in force and unexpired), shall continue and be in force from the Day of the Date of such Licences respectively, until the Tenth Day of October following, on which Day in each Year all such Excise Licences (except as aforesaid) shall expire; and that all other Excise Licences throughout the United Kingdom, except those above specified, and except as above excepted, shall continue and be in force from the Day of the Date of such Licences respectively, until the Fifth Day of July following, on which Day in each Year all such Licences as last aforesaid (except as aforesaid) shall expire; and all and every Person or Persons who shall have taken out any such Licence as aforesaid, and who shall wish or intend to continue the Trade or Business for which such Licence was granted for any longer Space of Time, shall take out a fresh Licence for the Year following, to expire on One of such Days as hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Nature of the Licence by him, her or them taken out, and shall so renew the same from Year to Year, so long as he, she or they shall continue such Trade or Business, and shall pay in each and every such Case the Duty thereupon imposed at such Time and Place as hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Person or Persons shall in every such Case as aforesaid give Notice in Writing at least Notice for Twenty one Days before the Expiration of the current Licence to Renewal, him, her or them before granted, of such his, her or their Intention to continue the Trade or Business for which such Licence was before granted to the Collector or Supervisor, or other Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences for the District or Place at which such Trade or Business shall be carried on; and in Cases where the Excise Licence is so renewed as aforesaid, and and as to Date such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, the new Licence Licence, shall bear Date from the Day or Date of the Expiration of the current Licences before granted; but in case where such Notice shall not have been given as aforesaid, and in all other Cases than as aforesaid, the Licence shall bear Date from the Day of the Date of the Application made for such Licence, although and notwithstanding any such Licence may be delivered at any Day subsequent to the Date of such Application.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Regulations as Person or Persons shall commence or begin to exercise or carry to granting of

G g 4* on

456

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

licences to Persons beginning Trade, and Payment of Duty by them.

How far only Persons who were before licensed, taking out a new Licence, considered as Beginners.

on any Trade or Business, for the Exercise or carrying on of which an Excise Licence is required, such Person or Persons not having before taken out any such Licence, it shall and may be lawful for the Person and Persons authorized to grant Licences, to grant such Licence for the Remainder of the current Year in which such Licence shall be taken out, ending on the Fifth Day of July or on the Tenth Day of October next following the Date of the Licence taken out by such Person or Persons, according to the Nature of such Licence, upon Payment of such proportional Part of the Duty thereupon imposed, in such Manner as hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, if such Licence shall be taken out at any Time within the First Quarter of the current Year in which such Licence shall be taken out and ending as aforesaid, or in the Quarter expiring on the Tenth Day of October, or on the Fifth Day of January, next following the Date of such Licence, according to the Nature of the Licence taken out, that then the Person or Persons taking out such Licence shall pay the whole Duty imposed upon such Licence, in such Manner as hereinbefore mentioned at the Time of granting such Licence; and if such Licence shall be taken out at any Time within the Second Quarter of such current Year and ending as aforesaid, or in the Quarter expiring on the Fifth Day of January, or on the Fifth Day of April, next following the Date of such Licence, according to the Nature of the Licence taken out, the Person or Persons taking out such Licence shall pay Three fourth Parts of the Duty imposed upon such Licence in such Manner as hereinbefore mentioned at the Time of granting such Licence; and if such Licence shall be taken out at any Time within the Third Quarter of such current Year and ending as aforesaid, or in the Quarter expiring on the Fifth Day of April, or on the Fifth Day of July> next following the Date of such Licence, according to the Nature of the Licence taken out, One Half of the Duty imposed upon such Licence shall be paid in such Manner as hereinbefore mentioned at the Time of granting such Licence; and finally, if such Licence shall be taken out at any Time within the last Quarter of such current Year and ending as aforesaid, or in the Quarter expiring on the Fifth Day of July, or on the Tenth Day of October, next following the Date of such Licence, according to the Nature of the Licence taken out, that then a Fourth Part only of the Duty imposed upon such Licence shall be paid in such Manner as hereinbefore mentioned at the Time of granting such Licence.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall at any Time have taken out an Excise Licence for the Exercise or carrying on of any Trade or Business for which an Excise Licence is required, and who shall in any subsequent Year after such Licence shall have expired take out a new Licence for the carrying on the same Trade or Business, whether on the same or on other or different Premises from those on which he, she or they before carried on such Trade or Business, shall be deemed or taken to be a Person or Persons commencing or beginning to exercise or carry on such Trade or Business, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, so as to entitle him, her or them to take out such Licence, upon Payment of a proportional Part only of the Duty thereupon imposed; but all and every

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81. 457

such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall pay the whole of such Duty, unless the Period of Time between the Expiration of the former Licence and the taking out of the new Licence shall at the least be a Period of Two Years.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Licence taken out by any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, or by any Distiller or Maker, Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or by any Person or Persons who, being authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, shall have taken out a Licence for selling Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises where sold, or for selling Spirits, Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, by Retail, in the United Kingdom, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall and may be lawful for the Person and Persons authorized to grant Licences within the District or Place in which such Person or Persons respectively carry on Trade or Business, to grant such Person or Persons respectively, by whom respectively the former Licences were taken out as aforesaid, a Licence as a Brewer or Brewers of Beer, or as a Distiller or Maker, Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or if duly authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, a Licence for selling Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises, or for selling Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, for such Person or Persons respectively to exercise and carry on such respective Trades or Business for the Remainder of the Year ending the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, under the Provisions of this Act, upon Payment of One fourth Part of the Duty imposed upon such Licences respectively, at the Time of granting thereof; and that all such Licences shall expire on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall be renewed, or a new Licence in that Behalf granted, and for the same Purpose, for the whole Year ensuing, to expire on the Tenth Day of October following; and such Licences shall be so renewed from Year to Year, as long as such Licences shall continue to be taken out by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to whom the same respectively were before granted; and where any Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons as before specified, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences as aforesaid to grant to the Person or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been so taken out as aforesaid, a Licence to exercise or carry on the same Trade or Business under the Provisions of

Regulations as to Renewal of Licences taken out by Brewers, Distillers or Publicans, as Retailers of Beer, Spirits, &c. under former Acts which shall expire between the Periods herein mentioned.

458

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Singulations as the Renewal of all other Licences taken out by any Persons other than Brewers, or Distillers, or Publicans retailing Beer, Spirits, Sec. under former Acts, which ex-

this Act, for the Remainder of the Year ending the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, upon Payment of the whole Duty imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and if any Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons as before specified, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licences as aforesaid, to grant to the Person or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been so taken out as aforesaid, a Licence to exercise or carry on the same Trade or Business, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Remainder of the Year ending the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, upon Payment of Three fourth Parts of the Duty imposed upon such Licence at. the Time of granting thereof; and if any Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons as before specified, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty six and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences as aforesaid, to grant to the Person or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been so taken out as aforesaid, a Licence to exercise or carry on the same Trade or Business under the Provisions of this Act, for the Remainder of the Year ending the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, upon Payment of One half Part of the Duty imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and that all such Licences which shall be so granted as aforesaid, between the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall expire respectively on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and shall then be renewed, or a new Licence for the same Purpose granted for the whole Year ensuing, to expire on the Tenth Day of October following; and such Licences shall so in such Manner be renewed from Year to Year, as long as such Licences shall continue to be taken out by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to whom the same were before granted respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any Licence taken out by any Person or Persons whatsoever in the United Kingdom, other than a Brewer of Beer, or than a Distiller or Maker, Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or than a Person or Persons authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling House, who shall have taken out a Licence for selling Beer, Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House or Premises where sold, or for selling Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin by Retail, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respective!} ', on or immediately before

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81. 459

the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to grant Licences within the District or Place in which such Person or Persons other than as aforesaid shall carry on Trade or Business, to grant to such Person or Persons a Licence to exercise or carry on the same Trade or Business for which such Licence was before granted, under any Act. or Acts in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Remainder of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, in Manner hereinafter following; that is to say, if the Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons, other than as aforesaid, under any Act or Acts in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five shall expire between the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Tenth Day of October then next following, then upon Payment of the whole Duty imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and if the Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons, other than as aforesaid, under any Act or Acts in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, then upon Payment of Three fourth Parts of the Duty imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and if the Licence taken out by any such Persons or Persons, other than as aforesaid, under any Act or Acts in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six and the Fifth Day of April then next following, then upon Payment of One half of the Duty imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and finally, if the Licence taken out by any such Person or Persons, other than as aforesaid, under any Act or Acts in force as aforesaid, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall expire between the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty six and the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, then upon Payment of One fourth Part of the Duty wholly imposed upon such Licence at the Time of granting thereof; and all such Licences so granted as aforesaid between the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall expire respectively on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, to be then renewed, or a new Licence for the same Purpose granted for the whole Year ensuing, to expire on the Fifth Day of July following; and such Licences shall in such Manner be renewed from Year to Year, as long as such Licences shall continue to be taken out by such

Person

pire between the Periods herein mentioned.

6° GEO. IV.

Licences may be transferred to the Executors, Wife, Child or Assignee of the Person licensed.

No fresh Licence or additional Duty or Fee necessary.

In the Case of retailing Beer to be consumed upon the Premises, not without Certificate of a Magistrate, f Sic.

Persons disabled by Conviction from keeping a Common Inn, Sec. not allowed to retail Beer under any Excise Licence.

C* 81.

A.D. 1825.

Person or Persons, other than as aforesaid, to whom the same were before granted respectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any Person or Persons licensed under or by virtue of this Act, or any Law or Laws of Excise, or upon the Removal of any such Person or Persons from the Plouse or Premises at which he, she or they were authorized by such Licence to exercise or carry on the Trade or Business mentioned in such Licence, it shall and may be lawful for the Person and Persons authorized to grant Licences, to authorize and empower, by Indorsement on such Licence, or otherwise, as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, the Executors or Administrators, or the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, or the Assignee or Assigns of such Person or Persons so removing as aforesaid, who shall be possessed of and occupy the House or Premises before used for such Purpose as aforesaid, in like Manner to exercise or carry on the same Trade or Business mentioned in such Licence, in or upon the same House or Premises at which such Person or Persons as aforesaid deceased or removing as before mentioned, by virtue of such Licence to him, her or them in that Behalf granted, before exercised or carried on such Trade or Business for and during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out any fresh Licence or Payment of any additional Duty, or any Fee thereupon for the Residue of such Term and until Expiration thereof: Provided always, that a fresh Entry of the Premises at which such Trade or Business shall continue to be so exercised or carried on as aforesaid, shall thereupon be made by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom such Authority as aforesaid shall be granted; and provided also, that no such Authority as aforesaid shall be granted for the Sale of Beer, Cyder or Perry, or Sweets f, or Made Wines or Sweets f, Mead or Metheglin by Retail, to be drank or consumed in or upon the House or Premises for which the original Licence was granted, except and in such Cases where a proper Certificate granted and given by a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or other competent Person according to the Law, made after the Death or Removal of the former Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises shall have taken place, shall be produced, approving of the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be given or granted as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be disabled by any Conviction from holding or having a Licence to keep, or from keeping a Common Inn, Alehouse or Victualling Plouse, shall also by such Conviction be disabled from taking out and from having any Excise Licence to sell, and from selling Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail in any Manner whatsoever, under any Excise Licence or Licences obtained for such Purpose; and if any such Person shall, after such Conviction as aforesaid, take out or have any Excise Licence or Licences for any such Purpose as aforesaid, the same shall and is hereby declared to be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person who shall, after such Conviction as aforesaid, sell any Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail in any Manner whatsoever, shall incur the Penalty for so doing without Licence; and in

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

461

all such Cases in the Prosecution for the Recovery of such Penalty a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace or Person acting as such, of any such Conviction as aforesaid shall on the Trial in such Prosecution be legal Evidence thereof, which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace or other Person acting as such, is hereby authorized and required, within One Week after any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, to deliver to the Collector of Excise, or other Person or Persons authorized to grant Excise Licences within the District or Place in which such Conviction shall have taken place, setting forth a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall demand or receive no Fee or Reward whatsoever; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or other Person acting as such as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to deliver such Certificate as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Licence for the Sale of Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed upon the House or Premises of the Person or Persons to whom the same is granted shall become void, and the Person or Persons thereupon disabled in such Manner as before mentioned by this Act, the Licence for the Sale of any Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin by Retail, to be drank or consumed upon the Plouse or Premises thereupon granted, shall become null and void also, to all Intents and Purposes; and in such Case, if the Person or Persons to whom the same respectively were granted shall sell any Spirits or any Foreign Wine, or any Sweets or Made Wines, or any Mead or Metheglin respectively by Retail, to be drank or consumed upon the House or Premises, after such Conviction as aforesaid shall have taken place in Manner before mentioned in this Act, and every such Licence as aforesaid has thereby become void, such Person or Persons shall incur the Penalty for selling Spirits or Foreign Wine, or Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, to be consumed upon the Premises by Retail without Licence; and in all such Cases, in the Prosecution for the Recovery of such Penalty as aforesaid, such Conviction shall be proved in such and the like Manner as before specified by this Act in a Prosecution under similar Circumstances for the Sale of Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed on the House or Premises without Licence.

XXIV. And Whereas the Periods at which Justices of the ' Peace or Magistrates, or other competent Persons as aforesaid, 6 are in the Practice of granting such Certificate or Authorities as

aforesaid to Persons to keep Common Inns, Alehouses, or Vic-i tualling Houses, are various, and at different Times in different

Parts of the United Kingdom: And Whereas the same do not 1 in any Manner correspond with the Period at which Excise Licences are granted, or for which the same continue in force; 1 and that upon the Expiration of such Certificate or Authority ' as aforesaid, the Excise Licence to sell Beer, Cyder or Perry by

Retail, to be drank or consumed upon the House or Premises 6 where sold, granted upon such Certificate or Authority as aforesaid expires, and the Excise Licences to sell Spirits, Foreign

Wine, Sweets or Made Wines, and Mead or Metheglin by Re-

tail,

Clerk of the Peace neglecting to deliver a Copy of Conviction or a Certificate. Penalty.

Where the Retail Beer Licence becomes void by Conviction as aforesaid, the Retail Spirit Licence to become void also.

Selling Spirits, &c. after such Conviction.

Penalty.

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV.

In what Cases, upon the Expiration of Magistrate's Authority, to keep a Public House within the Year, the proportional Parts of Duties on Excise Licences herein mentioned returned.

Parties licensed, to put up over their Premises their Names and Trades, in the Manner herein mentioned, and to keep the same in repair.

Penalty.

A.D. 1825.

tail, to be drank or consumed upon the House or Premises which are granted upon such retail Beer Excise Licence do thereupon ' also expire Be it therefore enacted, That if the Term for which any such Certificate or Authority as aforesaid is granted shall expire (no Conviction as before mentioned having taken place) at any Time within the First Quarter of the current Year for which such Excise Licences as aforesaid respectively were granted, and no such Certificate or Authority shall be renewed or granted for the succeeding Year, Three fourth Parts of the Duties thereupon respectively paid by the Person or Persons to whom the same respectively were granted, shall be returned to the Person or Persons then holding such Licences, and carrying on Trade or Business in such House or Premises; and if such Certificate or Authority as aforesaid shall expire as aforesaid, at any Time within the Second Quarter of the current Year for which such Licences as aforesaid respectively were granted, and shall not be renewed or granted for the succeeding Year, One half Part of the Duties paid thereon respectively shall be returned as aforesaid; and if such Certificate or Authority shall so expire as aforesaid, at any Time within the Third Quarter of the current Year for which such Licences as aforesaid respectively were granted, and shall not be renewed or granted as aforesaid, then One fourth Part of the Duties paid thereon respectively shall be returned as aforesaid; and the Collector or other Person or Persons to whom the Duty or Duties payable on such Licences respectively was or were paid at the Time of granting the same, shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required to return such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, on Application to him or them being thereupon made by such Person or Persons for that Purpose.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons in the United Kingdom, required by any Law or Laws of Excise to make Entry of his, her or their Premises, in order to exercise or carry on therein any Trade or Business, for which an Excise Licence is required, and who shall have taken out such Licence, shall paint or cause to be painted, or shall place and fix in Letters publicly visible and legible, and at least One Inch long, in and upon his, her or their entered Premises, his, her or their Names respectively, at full Length (or where there are Partners or more than One Person engaged in carrying on jointly the same Trade or Business, the Name or Style of the Firm or Partnership), and after such Name or Names, the Word "Licensed," adding thereto the Words necessary to express the Purpose, or Trade or Business for which such Licence has been granted; and such Person or Persons shall cause such Letters to be painted or placed, and fixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of his, her or their said Premises, over the principal outward Door or Gate, or Entrance Door thereto, and not more than Three Feet from the Top of such outward Door or Gate, or Entrance Door; and if any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall not paint or place and fix such Letters as aforesaid, or shall not preserve and keep the same so painted, placed and fixed, or shall not repaint or renew the same as often as Necessity shall require, for the Purpose of keeping the same in good Order

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

463

and Condition during the Continuance of his, her or their Licence, he, she or they shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons not being licensed to exercise or carry on any Trade or Business for which a Licence is required by this Act, shall put or have any such Letters as aforesaid upon his, her or their Premises, or any Letters importing that he, she or they does or do exercise or carry on any such Trade or Business, or is or are licensed so to do, all and every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make or manufacture, deal in, retail or sell any Goods or Commodities hereinafter mentioned, or shall exercise or carry on any Trade or Business hereinafter mentioned, for the making or manufacturing, or dealing in, retailing or selling of which Goods or Commodities, or for the exercising or carrying on of which Trade or Business a Licence is required by this Act, without taking out such Licence as is in that behalf required, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and lose the respective Penalty thereupon imposed, as hereinafter follows; (that is to say,)

Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and every Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, so offending respectively, shall respectively forfeit and lose Five hundred Pounds:

Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff so offending, shall forfeit and lose Two hundred Pounds:

Every Person exercising or carrying on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or selling any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by Auction; — Every Brewer of Table Beer only, for Sale; — Every Brewer of Beer (other than Table Beer only) for Sale; — Every Brewer of Beer for Sale, who shall retail such Beer to be consumed elsewhere than on his, her or their Premises; — Every Person, not being a Brewer of Beer, who shall sell Strong Beer only in Casks, containing not less than Four Gallons and a Half, or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, to be drank or consumed elsewhere than on his, her or their Premises; — Every Maker of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, for Sale; — Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, for Sale, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles; — Every Glass Maker; — Every Tanner; — Every Tawer; — Every Dresser of Hides or Skins in Oil; — Every Currier; — Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment; — Every Maltster or Maker of Malt; — Every Maker of Paper, Pasteboard or Scaleboard; — Every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Paper; — Every Calico Printer, and every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Linens, Cottons, Stuffs or Silks; — Every Maker of Soap for Sale; — Every Dealer in Spirits, not being a Retailer thereof; — Every Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, being licensed to trade in, vend and sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper; — Every Starch Maker for Sale; — Every Maker of Sweets or Made Wines, or of Mead or Metheglin, for Sale; — Every Maker of Vinegar or acetous Acid, for Sale; — Every Dealer in Foreign Wine; — And every Wire Drawer or

other

Penalty.

Not taking out Licences required by this Act.

Penalty.

Description of Offenders.

464-

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

In what Case Occupiers of Premises where Goods are retailed without Licence by Persons unknown, deemed Retailers thereof.

Licensed Persons not producing Licence on Demand of Officer. Penalty.

Regulations as to reward to Informers against unlicensed Traders where Penalty cannot be recovered.

other Person, who shall draw or cause to be drawn any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, so offending respectively; — shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds:

Every Person who shall sell Beer, Cyder or Perry by Retail, to be drank or consumed in his, her or their House or Premises; — -Every Retailer of Spirits, not being a Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, du\y licensed to sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper; — Every Retailer of Foreign Wine; — Every Retailer of Sweets or Made Wines, or of Mead or Metheglin; — Every Person trading in or selling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate or Pepper; — Every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco or Snuff; — Every Maker of Stills in Scotland or Ireland; — Every Person in Scotland or Ireland, not being a Distiller, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, who shall keep or use any Still for the carrying on the Trade of a Chemist, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills, so offending respectively; — shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall be sold or delivered in any Quantity less than Two Gallons, or if any Beer, Wine, Cyder, Perry, Sweets, Mead or Metheglin, or Vinegar or any other Goods for the Retail of which a Licence is by this Act required, shall be sold by Retail in any House or Premises, or in any Part of any House or Premises, by any Person or Persons unknown, or who shall not be licensed for that Purpose according to this Act, the Occupier of such House or Premises, or Part of any House or Premises where such Spirits or other Liquors or Goods shall be so sold as aforesaid, if but One Occupier only, and if more than One, then the several Occupiers thereof, being privy or consenting thereto, shall be deemed and taken to be the Retailer or Retailers of such Spirits, or other Liquors or Goods, and as such shall be subject and liable to the Penalties imposed upon Persons for the Sale of Spirits, or such other Liquors or Goods, by Retail, without Licence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons licensed to exercise or carry on any Trade or Business, or make or sell any Goods for which an Excise Licence is required, shall not produce and deliver such Licence to be read and examined by any Officer or Officers of Excise, within a reasonable Time after such Officer or Officers shall demand the Production thereof, such Person or Persons shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And for the Encouragement of those who shall discover Offences committed against the Laws relating to Excise Laws; Be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall be lawfully convicted of any Offence in carrying on any Trade or Business, or making or selling any Goods without Licence, for the carrying on of which Trade or Business, or the making or selling of which Goods a Licence or Licences is or are required by this Act, and the pecuniary Penalty imposed for such Offence shall not be paid and cannot be levied, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to cause such Reward as they shall think

fit, not exceeding Ten Pounds in each Case, to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, as Informers, out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under the Laws of Excise.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any wise prejudice the Privileges heretofore used and enjoyed by any University in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the respective Chancellors or Scholars of the same respectively, or their Successors, or the Master, Wardens, Freemen and Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, or other City or Town Corporate, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or the Mayor or Burgesses of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, or their Successors, but that they may respectively use and enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore respectively lawfully used and enjoyed the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Excise in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, are provided, settled or established for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Excise Duties or Penalties thereby granted or imposed, and for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, other than and except in such Cases for which other Penalties, Regulations or Provisions are made or prescribed by this Act shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the several Duties and Penalties respectively hereby granted or imposed, and for the due Enforcement of all other Matters and Things herein contained, so far as the same are not repugnant to or inconsistent therewith, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act (save and except in such Case where any special Provision is herein made), shall be sued for, levied, recovered, mitigated and distributed by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner, as by any Law or Laws of Excise in force is or shall in that Behalf be directed, provided and enacted in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That ail Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exceptions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things provided for or contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to the Revenue of Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, expressly repealed, altered or re-enacted

6 Geo. IV. H h by

Proviso for the Universities, Vintners' Company in London and Borough of St. Albans.

Former Regulations to be put in force in Execution of this Act, except where repealed or altered by this Act.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Former Regulations which are inconsistent with this Act repealed.

466

C. 81.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Irish Licences of 1825 to be charged and paid according to the Rates imposed by this Act.

Proviso for Duties on Licences for the Trader, &c. herein mentioned.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

by this Act, or which are repugnant to, or inconsistent with the several Matters, Clauses, Provisions and Regulations of this Act, any or either of them, shall, and the same are hereby respectively, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, declared to be repealed, and shall no longer be put in force or observed in any Part of the United Kingdom.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and upon the several Excise Licences taken out by any Person or Persons in Ireland\ in and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, under the Laws of Excise then in force, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, so much only of the Duties payable thereon as shall be equal and correspondent to the several Sums of Money made payable by this Act upon such Licences from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, so far as the same can be computed, adjusted and ascertained; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and several Collectors of Excise, and they are hereby authorized and required to repay out of any Money in their Hands arising from Duties of Excise, to all and every Person and Persons who have taken out any Excise Licence in Ireland, in and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and paid the Duty thereon payable by the Laws then in force, so much as may be the computed, adjusted and ascertained Excess of the Duties so paid over and above the Rate of Duty on such Licence made payable by this Act from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, upon the Application of such Person and Persons to such Commissioners, or the Collectors of Excise for the same.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal the Excise Duties on Licences for selling or making Gold or Silver Plate in Ireland, or on Licences for exercising the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland; or on Licences to travelling Tinkers or Persons hawking about Tea for Sale in Ireland; or on Licences for Servants or other Persons employed in carrying Goods of any such Hawker or Pedlar; or on Horses or other Beasts bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall so travel with in Ireland; nor to repeal the Duties on Excise Licences to Persons letting Horses to hire, for the Purpose of travelling Post in Ireland; or on Excise Licences to Persons trading in, vending or selling Gold and Silver Plate in Great Britain; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, ^varied or repealed, b}^ any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

C A F.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 82.

467

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of King's Bench in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the several Offices of Chief Clerk, Clerk of the Treasury and Custos Brevium, and Filazer, Exigenter and Clerk of the Outlawries of the Court of King's Bench in England, are in the Gift of the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court, and deemed to be saleable by him, as and when the same from time to time become vacant: And Whereas the several Offices of Clerk of the Rules on the Plea Side, Clerk of the Papers on the Plea Side, Clerk of the Declarations, Clerk of the Common Bails, Estreats and Posteas, and Clerk of the Dockets of the same Court, are in the Gift of the said Chief Clerk and deemed to be saleable by him; and the several Offices of Clerks of the Inner and Outer Treasury, Clerks of Nisi Prius in London and other Cities, and on the several Circuits and Bagbearer on the Plea Side of the same Court, are in the Gift of the said Custos Brevium, and deemed to be saleable by him: And Whereas the said several Offices are held for the respective Lives of the Persons now holding the same (or for the Life of the Survivor of Two Persons where the Office is now vested in Two Persons), and the Emoluments thereof are derived entirely from the Fees payable by the Suitors of the same Court; and some thereof are and for many Years past have been executed by Deputy; and the Emoluments of some others thereof, which are executed in Person, are greater than the Nature and Duties thereof, considered apart from other Circumstances relating thereto, would require: And Whereas it is expedient to abolish the Sale of all such of the said Offices as are now saleable,

without Prejudice however to the Rights of any of the Persons now holding the same, or having the Right of Appointment thereto, except only the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court;

whereby a more uniform and more constant Provision may be made for maintaining the Honour and Dignity of the Office of Lord Chief Justice of the same Court, and a Fund may be here *

after raised, which may be applied towards the Payment of the Salaries of the Chief Justice and other Judges of the same Court, in ease of the public Revenue Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Offices of Chief Clerk, Clerk of the Treasury and Custos Brevium, and Filazer, Exigenter and Clerk of the Outlawries, shall from and after the passing of this Act, and the said several Offices hereinbefore mentioned to be in the Gift of the said Chief Clerk, shall from and after the Time when the said Office of Chief Clerk shall become vacant, and the said several Offices hereinbefore mentioned to be in the Gift of the said Custos Brevium, shall from and after the Time when the said Office of Custos Brevium shall become vacant, be disposed

FI h 2 of;

Certain Offices after they become vacant to be no longer saleable, and futureAppoint-ments to be regulated by this Act.

4-68

C. 82.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

How far the* said Offices to be executed in Person.

Appointments made by Chief Justice, without Fee and quam diu se bene gesserint.

Proviso for executing by Deputy.

Remedy in case of Misbehaviour.

Compensation.

How and for what Cause a Deputy may be appointed.

Salaries and Allowances to the Officers, how regulated.

of; and all Appointments to the said respective Offices, as they may respectively become vacant, shall be made according to the Directions of this Act and not otherwise; and all and every the Persons to be so appointed to the said several Offices, shall continually execute the same in Person and not by Deputy, unless for some reasonable Cause to be allowed, as hereinafter mentioned; and every such Officer and his Deputy, to be appointed according to the Directions of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be a public accountable Officer, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall severally account for the Fees and Emoluments of his Office, according to the Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Appointments to the said several Offices to be made by virtue of this Act shall be made by the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, without any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, to be directly or indirectly paid to or received for the same; and every such Appointment shall be made and shall be in such Warrant expressed to be made, during the good Behaviour of the Person appointed, and for so long Time only as the Person appointed shall "execute the same in Person: Provided always, that no such Office shall be vacated by reason of the Officer's not executing his Office in Person, if he shall execute the same by some Deputy to be appointed by virtue of this Act; nor in Cases of occasional Illness or other like necessary Cause of Absence, not continuing more than Two Months at any one Time.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall demean himself in any Manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or otherwise misbehave himself, it shall be lawful for the said Court to hear and decide upon such Misbehaviour, and also to hear and determine all Complaints that may be made against such Person in a summary Way, and by Rule of the same Court to order Compensation to be made to any Person injured by such Misbehaviour, 'or to fine such Offender, or to make void his Appointment, or punish the Offender by all or any the Ways aforesaid, as to such Court in its Discretion shall seem fit.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act. shall, by ill Health or other Infirmity, become incapable of discharging the Duties of his said Office, or shall for any other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the said Lord Chief Justice, be desirous of being relieved from the Discharge of the Duties thereof, either permanently or for a certain Time only, it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice to appoint some fit and proper Person to act as the Deputy of such Officer; the Cause of such Appointment being always distinctly mentioned and specified in the Warrant of such Appointment.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court and the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, and they are hereby required, by some Writing under their respective Hands, to ascer-

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 82.

460

tain for and allow to every Officer and Deputy, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for himself, his Clerks and Assistants, and the Expences of his Office, such Part or Parts of the Fees and Emoluments lawfully belonging to his Office, as to them shall seem reasonable, and from time to time to alter and vary the same as Occasion may require; and every Officer and Deputy to be so appointed shall demand and receive all and every the Fees and Emoluments lawfully belonging to his said Office, whether the same have been heretofore received by or deemed to belong to the principal Officer or his Deputy or Deputies, and no more or other Fees, Emoluments or Perquisites whatsoever; and shall retain thereout for his own Use, and in the Case of a Deputy, for the Use also of his Principal, such Part or Parts thereof and no more, as shall and may have been from time to time so ascertained and allowed as aforesaid; and shall duly account for all Sums received and paid in Manner hereinafter directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer and Deputy to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall keep One or more Book or Books, and shall cause to be duly and regularly entered therein all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him received and paid, and shall submit the same to the Inspection of the said Lord Chief Justice, and of the said Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners of the Treasury, whenever it shall be thereto required; and shall also, within One Month after the End of every Term, render a true and faithful Account in Writing (to be verified upon Oath if required) to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, of all Sums of Money by him received and retained or paid, up to the last Day inclusive of the Term next immediately preceding the rendering of such Account; and shall also, within the same Period, pa}' over the Balance of such Account, if any, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that if upon the Examination of any such Account it shall appear to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid, that any unreasonable or improper Charge or Deduction has been made therein, the same shall be disallowed by the Treasurer or Commissioners, and the Amount of all and every Sum of Money so disallowed shall, within Ten Days after such Disallowance thereof shall be notified to such Officer or Deputy, be paid by him into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the said Treasurer or Commissioners shall cause Copies of all such Accounts to be laid before each House of Parliament, at the Commencement of the Session of Parliament next after the rendering thereof, and all Sums so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, a separate Account being kept thereof: Provided always, that no Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Officer or Person who by virtue of this Act may be required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, which would otherwise be payable to the said Lord Chief Justice, shall by reason thereof be charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, or be deemed subject or liable to the Payment thereof, or to answer or make good the same.

PI h 3 VII. And

Officers to receive accustom eel Fees only;

to retain their Salaries;

and account for Surplus.

Officers to keep Books of Account;

and render an Account to Treasury.

Disallowances in Accounts.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

Proviso as to Charge on Lands, &c.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Where Deputy allowed, Principal is to receive his authorized Portion, of the Fees.

Clerk of Papers and Clerk of Declarations consolidated.

Salary to the Lord Chief Justice payable quarterly,

in lieu of Fees, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Deputy shall be appointed, and any Portion of the Fees and Emoluments of Office shall be directed to be allowed and paid to the principal Officer, in pursuance of this Act, such Portion shall be duly paid over to the Principal, before the rendering of the Account hereby required next after the Time when such Portion shall become payable, and a proper Receipt for the same shall be exhibited at the Time of rendering such Account; and no principal Officer shall be deemed answerable or accountable for any Sum of Money received by any such Deputy as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Offices of Clerk of the Papers and Clerk of the Declarations shall, so soon as an Appointment thereto may be made by Authority of this Act, be consolidated into one Office, and be executed by one and the same Person.

IX. And Whereas it will be necessary to make due Provision for the Maintenance of the Plonour and Dignity of the Office of Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, in lieu of the valuable Patronage hitherto enjoyed by the Person from time to time filling the said Office and which will be taken away by this Act; and it is expedient that the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court should receive a Salary, to be fixed by Parliament, in lieu of all pecuniary Fees and Emoluments now received by him Be it therefore further enacted, That the annual Salary of the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being shall be the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; to be computed and commence, in the Case of the present Lord Chief Justice, from the Beginning of the Quarter current at the Time of the passing of this Act, and to commence and be computed, in the Case of every succeeding Lord Chief Justice, from the Death or Resignation of his immediate Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Writ or Appointment bore Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor; and that there shall be issued, and paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the said Consolidated Fund (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) to the present Lord Chief Justice of the said Court and to his Successors, as an Augmentation of his and their Salary, and in lieu of all Fees and pecuniary Profits belonging to the said Office, so much Money as will'make the Salary usually received by the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, from the Civil List, after deducting from the Amount of such last mentioned Salary all Land Tax, Pension Duty and other Duties charged upon the same or upon the said Lord Chief Justice, in respect of his Office, and also all Sums of Money paid by the said Lord Chief Justice for Rolls, Books and Dockets provided for the Use of the Officers of the said Court or of the Suitors thereof, according to ancient and present Usage, the annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds hereinbefore mentioned; which said Sums, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time from henceforth be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and

Deductions

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 82.

471

Deductions whatsoever, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of JWy and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, by even and equal Portions, together with a rateable Proportion of the Quarter current at the Time of the Death or Resignation of any such Lord Chief Justice, up and home to the Day of his Death or Resignation; the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall first happen next after the passing of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the said Annuity shall be in Addition to and in x^ugmentation of the respective Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to be given and granted to such Chief Justice, under the Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and under an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts* in Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their Offices, and in like Manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, next in order of Payment to and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and as by this Act are hereinbefore directed to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, and shall be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by even and equal Portions, at the like Periods and together with and in the same Manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said Acts, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions (so far as the same are applicable), as are contained and prescribed in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and ever}' Officers and persons who now receive for or pay, to the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, any Fees, Portion of Fees or other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, in respect of his Office, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, pay all such Fees, Portions of Fees and Sums of Money into His Majesty's Exchequer, at such Times and Seasons as the same have been heretofore usually paid to the said Lord Chief Justice, and with such Deductions and Allowances only as have been heretofore usually made and allowed.

Fill 4 CAP.

and a Proportion to Death or Resignation.

His Majesty may grant to any Person who may have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the King's Bench an Annuity as herein mentioned,

39 G. 3. c. 110. 53 G. 3. c. 153.

Free from Taxes and Deductions.

Fees now payable in respect of Office of Chief Justice to be paid into Exchequer,

472

C. 83.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182S.

Certain Offices no longer saleable; future Appointments regulated by this Act.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of Common Pleas in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the several Offices of Chief and Third Prothonotaries, Clerk of the King's Silver, Clerk of the Jurata,

4 Clerk of the Essoigns, Clerk of the Warrants, Enrolments and Estreats, Exigenter, Clerk of the Supersedeas, Filacers for all the Counties in England, and Clerk of the Errors in the Exchequer Chamber, are appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and are saleable by him, as and when the same from time to time become vacant: And Whereas the Offices of Second Prothonotary and Clerk of the Juries are appointed by the said Lord Chief Justice, on the Nomination of the Custos Brevium, for which last mentioned Appointment the said Lord Chief Justice has been deemed entitled to, and has always received, whenever such Appointments have been made,

certain Fees: And Whereas each of the Three Prothonotaries of the said Court has the Appointment of one Secondary: And Whereas the said several Offices are held for the respective Lives of the Persons now holding the same, and the Emoluments thereof are derived entirely from the Fees payable by the Suitors of the same Court; and some of such Offices are and for many Years past have been executed by Deputy; and the Emoluments of some others thereof which are executed in Person, are greater than the Nature and Duties thereof, considered ' apart from other Circumstances relating thereto, would require: And Whereas it is expedient to abolish the Sale of all such of the said Offices as are now saleable, whereby a more equal Provision may be made for maintaining the Honour and Dignity of the Office of the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court, and a Fund may be hereafter raised which may be applied towards the Payment of the Salaries of the Chief Justice and other Judges of the same Court, in ease of the Public Revenue: And Whereas the Duties of the First and Third Prothonotary might be well discharged by one Person, and the Duties of Secondary to the First Prothonotary and Secondary to the Third Prothonotary might, also be discharged by one Person, and by thus reducing the Number of Officers, the Fund which might be hereafter raised for the Benefit of the Public may be considerably increased Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Offices of Chief and Third Prothonotaries, Clerk of the King's Silver, Clerk of the Jurata, Clerk of the Essoigns, Clerk of the Warrants, Enrolments and Estreats, Exigenter, Clerk of the Supersedeas, Filacers for all the Counties in England, and Clerk of the Errors in the Exchequer Chamber, shall be disposed of, and all Appointments to the said respective Offices, as they may respectively become vacant, shall be made according to the Directions

C. 83.

of this Act, and not otherwise; and all and every the Persons to be so appointed to the said several Offices, shall continually execute the same in Person, and not by Deputy, unless for some reasonable Cause to be allowed, as hereinafter mentioned; and every such Officer and his Deputy, to be appointed according to the Directions of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be a public accountable Officer, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall severally account for the Fees and Emoluments of his Office, according to the Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Appointments to the several Offices to be made by virtue of this Act shall be made by the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, without any Fee, Gratuity or lleward, to be directly or indirectly paid to or received for the same by the Lord Chief Justice or any Judge of the said Court; and every such Appointment, except the Appointment of the Filacers, shall be made, and shall be in such Warrant expressed to be made, during the good Behaviour of the Person appointed, and for so long Time only as the Person appointed shall execute the same in Person: Provided always, that no such Office shall be vacated by reason of the Officer's not executing his Office in Person, if he shall execute the same by some Deputy to be appointed by virtue of this Act, nor in Cases of occasional Illness, nor other like necessary Cause of Absence, not continuing more than Two Months at any one Time.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to be appointed tty virtue of this Act shall demean himself in any Manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or otherwise misbehave himself, it shall be lawful for the said Court to hear and decide upon such Misbehaviour, and also to hear and determine all Complaints that may be made against such Person, in a summary Way, and by Pule of the same Court to order Compensation to be made to any Person injured by such Misbehaviour; or to fine such Offender, or make void his Appointment, or punish the Offender by all or any of the Ways aforesaid, as to such Court in its Discretion shall seem fit.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, by ill Health or other Infirmity, become incapable of discharging the Duties of his said Office, or shall for any other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the said Lord Chief Justice, be desirous of being relieved from the Discharge of the Duties thereof, either permanently or for a certain Time only, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Justice to appoint some fit and proper Person to act as a Deputy of such Officer; the Cause of such Appointment being always distinctly mentioned and specified in the Warrant of such Appointment.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby required, by some Writing under their respective Hands, to ascertain for and allow to every Officer and Deputy to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for himself, his Clerks and Assistants, and the Expences

473

How far said Offices to be executed in Person.

Appointments without Fee by Chief Justice, and quam diu se bene ges-serint.

Proviso for executing by Deputy.

Remedy in case of Misbehaviour.

Compensation.

How and for what Cause a Deputy may be appointed.

Salaries and Allowances to the Officers, to be regulated.

C. 83.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Officers to receive accustomed Fees only;

to retain Salaries, and account for Surplus.

Officers to keep Books of Account;

and account to Treasury.

Disallowances in Accounts.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

Proviso as to Charge on Bands, &c.

Where Deputy allowed. Principal to receive his authorized Portion of Fees,

of his Office, such Part or Parts of the Fees and Emoluments lawfully belonging to his Office, as to them shall seem reasonable, and from time to time to alter and vary the same as Occasion may require; and every Officer and Deputy to be so appointed shall demand and receive all and every the Fees and Emoluments lawfully belonging to his said Office, whether the same have been heretofore received by or deemed to belong to the principal Officer or his Deputy or Deputies, and no more or other Fees, Emoluments or Perquisites whatsoever and shall retain thereout for his own Use, and in case of a Deputy for the Use also of his Principal, such Part or Parts thereof and no more, as shall and may have been from time to time so ascertained and allowed as aforesaid; and shall duly account for all Sums, received and paid in Manner hereinafter directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer and Deputy to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall keep One or more Book or Books, and shall cause to be duty and regularly entered therein all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him received and paid, and shall submit the same to the Inspection of the said Lord Chief Justice, and of the said Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners of the Treasury, whenever he shall be thereto required; and shall also, within One Month after the End of every Term, render a true and faithful Account in Writing (to be verified on Oath if required), to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of all Sums of Money by him received and retained or paid, up to the last Day inclusive of the Term next immediately preceding the rendering of such Account; and shall also within the same Period pay over the Balance of such Account (if any) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that if upon the Examination of any such Account, it shall appear to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid, that any unreasonable or improper Charge or Deduction has been made therein, the same shall be disallowed by the Treasurer or Commissioners; and the Amount of all and every Sum of Money so disallowed shall, within Ten Days after such Disallowance thereof shall be notified to such Officer or Deputy, be paid by him into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the said Treasurers or Commissioners shall cause Copies of all such Accounts to be laid before each House of Parliament at the Commencement of the Session of Parliament next after the rendering thereof; and all Sums so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, a separate Account being kept thereof: Provided always, that no Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Officer or Person who, by virtue of this Act, may be required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which would otherwise be payable to the said Lord Chief Justice, shall reason thereof be charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, or be deemed subject or liable to the Payment thereof, or to answer or make good the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Deputy shall be appointed, and any Portion of the Fees and Emoluments of Office shall be directed to be allowed and paid to the principal Officer in pursuance of this Act, such Portion shall be duty paid

19 over

6° GEO. IV. C. 83.

475

over to the Principal before the rendering of the Account hereby required, next after the Time when such Portion shall become payable, and a proper Receipt for the same shall be exhibited at the Time of rendering such Account; and no principal Officer shall be deemed answerable or accountable for any Sum of Money received by any such Deputy as aforesaid.

VIII. And Whereas it will be necessary to make due Provi-£ sion for the Maintenance for the Honour and Dignity of the ' Office of Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, in lieu of the ' Fees and valuable Patronage hitherto enjoyed by the Person £ from time to time filling the said Office, and which will be taken

away by this Act; and it is further expedient that the Lord ' Chief Justice of the said Court should receive a Salary, to be

fixed by Parliament, in lieu of all pecuniary Fees and Emolu-

ments now received by him Be it therefore enacted, That the annual Salary of the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, shall be the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, to be computed and commence, in the Case of the present Lord Chief Justice, from the Beginning of the Quarter current at the Time of the passing of this Act; and to commence and be computed, in the Case of every succeeding Lord Chief Justice, from the Death or Resignation of his immediate Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Patent or Appointment bore Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor; and that there shall be issued and paid and payable, out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund), to the present Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to his Successors, as an Augmentation of his and their Salary, and in lieu of all Fees and pecuniary Profits belonging to the said Office, so much Money as will make the Salary usually received by the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, from die Civil List, after deducting from the Amount of such last mentioned Salary all Land Tax, Pension Duty, and other Duties and Fees charged upon the same or upon the said Lord Chief Justice in respect of his Office, and also all Sums of Money paid by the said Lord Chief Justice for Rolls, Books or Dockets provided for the Use of the Officers of the said Court, or of the Suitors thereof, according to ancient and present Usage, the annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds hereinbefore mentioned; which said Sums, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time henceforth be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes, Fees and Deductions whatsoever, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, by even and equal Portions, together with a rateable Proportion of the Quarter current at the Time of the Death or Resignation of any such Lord Chief Justice, up and home to the Day of his Death or Resignation; the First Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall first happen next after the passing of this Act.

Salary to Lord Chief Justice payable quarterly,

In lieu of Fees, &e.

and a Proportion at Death or Resignation.

C. 83.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

His Majesty may grant to any Person who may have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Common Pleas an Annuity, as herein mentioned;

free from Taxes and Deductions.

Fees heretofore paid to the Lord Chief Justice, to be paid into Exchequer.

Homage Fees liow disposed of.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and fifty Pounds, and the said Annuity shall be in Addition to and in Augmentation of the respective Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to be given and granted to such Chief Justice, under the Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and under an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, on their-Resignation of their Offices, and in like Manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or }^early Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid, shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, next in order of Payment to, and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and as by this Act are hereinbefore directed to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, and shall be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by even and equal Portions, at the like Periods and together with and in the same Manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said recited Acts, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions (so far as the same are applicable), as are contained and prescribed in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officers and Persons who now receive for or pay to the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court for the Time being, any Fees, Portions of Fees or other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, in respect of his Office, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, pay all such Fees, Portions of Fees (except Homage Fees) and Sums of Money, into His Majesty's Exchequer, at such Times and Seasons as the same have been heretofore usually paid to the Lord Chief Justice, and with such Deductions and Allowances only as have been heretofore usually made and allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Officers of the Court who have been accustomed to pay the Fees called Homage Fees to the Lord Chief Justice, shall, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term in every Year respectively, pay such Fees to the First Clerk of the said Lord Chief Justice, which Clerk shall, within One Week from the First Day of Hilary Term in every Year, account for and pay all such Fees as shall be received by him from the said Officers aforesaid, into His Majesty's Exchequer.

6° GEO. IV.

G. 83.

47?

XII. And be it farther enacted, That for the Purpose of unit- Offices of Chief ing the Two Offices of Chief and Third Prothonotary in the same and Third Pro-Officer, whoever shall be appointed to the First of those Offices ffionotary vest-that shall become vacant after the passing of this Act shall, on peJg0nhe same the other of the said Offices becoming vacant, take upon himself

and perform the Duties of the other of the said Offices, and shall receive the Fees accruing in respect of the said last mentioned Office, and shall retain, out of the Fees of the Office last becoming vacant, so much as the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court and the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think a reasonable Compensation for his additional Trouble, and shall account for and pay the Residue of such Fees into His Majesty's Exchequer on the First Day of every Term; and the said Offices of Chief and Third Prothonotary shall, after such Union as aforesaid, be always executed by One Officer, who shall be called the Chief Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas, and who shall receive the Fees now payable in respect of the Fees.

Offices of Chief and Third Prothonotary, and account for the same in such Manner as may be directed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall Secondary to hereafter be appointed to the Office of Chief or Third Prothono- Chief Protho-tary, or shall hold the said Two Offices when united, shall appoint notar7t0 be

a Secondary, but the Secondary of such Prothonotary shall be Lmd^hief^ appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court of Common justice.

Pleas; and all Secondaries so appointed shall hold their Offices during their good Behaviour, and shall receive such a Proportion of the accustomed Fees of the said Office as the Lord Chief Jus- pees< tice of the said Court, and the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think reasonable, and shall account for and pay the Residue into His Majesty's Exchequer on the First Day of every Term.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Person who shall Secondary first

first be appointed Secondary under the Provisions of this Act appointed, in shall, when the Office of Secondary to the other Prothonotary ap- Vacancy of the pointed by virtue of this Act shall become vacant, take upon him- duties

self and perform the Duties of both of the said Secondaries, and and receive receive the Fees, and retain out of the same so much as the said Compensation. Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think a reasonable Compensation

for his additional Trouble, and shall account for and pay the Residue of such Fees into His Majesty's Exchequer on the First Day of every Term.

XV. And Whereas the Offices of Filacers of all the Counties in England would be executed better and at less Expence by One Person; and as such Offices are now holden by many different Persons, and the whole of such Offices are not likely soon to become vacant, that they may, when the present Interests in them shall expire, be all given to some one fit and proper Person; Be it enacted, That when the Office of Filacer of any Filacers to be County or Counties shall become vacant, the Person to be ap- appointed dur-

pointed

4*78

ing Pleasure of Lord Chief Justice,

Chief or Third Prothonotary resigning, to receive from Person holding the Office an annual Sum by Quarterly Payments.

How far Prothonotary not accountable to Crown for Fees, while liable to Payment to Predecessors.

Fees paid into Exchequer.

C. 83. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

pointed to discharge the Duties of such Office shall only receive an Appointment during the Pleasure of the Lord Chief Justice; and that when all the present Interests shall have vacated those Offices by Death or otherwise, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas shall revoke the Appointments made during. Pleasure, and appoint some one fit and proper Person to hold the united Office of Filacer of all the Counties of England, during his good Behaviour in the said Office.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Persons who now hold the Office of Chief or Third Prothonotary shall, after the passing of this Act, be desirous of resigning his or their Office or Offices, or either of the Persons who now hold the Office of Secondary to the Chief or Third Prothonotary, or shall hereafter be appointed to the Office of Secondary by either of the Persons now holding the Office of Chief or Third Prothonotary, shall, after the Death or Resignation of the Prothonotary to whom such Secondary now belongs, or b}^ whom he shall be hereafter appointed, be desirous of resigning his or their Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, by Order under his Hand and Seal, to direct that any Person holding either of the Offices so resigned, during the Life of the Person resigning such Office, shall pay to such last mentioned Person such annual Sum by Quarterly Payments, and a proportionate Sum for the Time that shall intervene between the last Quarter Day and the Day of the Death of such last mentioned Person, as the said Lord Chief Justice shall, under all the Circumstances of the respective Cases, think proper; and all Orders of any Chief Justice for the Payment of Money to such retired Prothonotaries or Secondaries, shall be made Rules of the Court of Common Pleas; which Court may enforce the Payment of any Money due to any such retired Prothonotary or Secondary, if such Money shall remain unpaid for the Space of One Month after the same shall be payable, by Attachment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be appointed either a Prothonotary or Secondary, in consequence of the Resignation of either of the present Chief or Third Prothonotaries or of their present Secondaries, or of any Secondary appointed by the present Chief or Third Prothonotaries, shall be accountable to the Crown for any of the Fees of their Offices, whilst such Prothonotaries or Secondaries, so appointed as aforesaid, are liable to pay the Sums ordered to be paid to their respective Predecessors under the Directions of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Appointment to the Office of Second Prothonotary hereafter to be made, the Fees which have been heretofore paid to the Lord Chief Justice and other Judges of the said Court of Common Pleas, on the Appointment of a Second Prothonotary, shall, before any such Appointment shall be made, be paid, by the Person to be appointed to such Office, into His Majesty's Exchequer for the Use of His Majesty.

6° GEO. IV. C. 84.

479

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to provide for the augmenting the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellor of England, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Puisne Judges and Barons of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and to enable Elis Majesty to grant an Annuity to such Vice Chancellor, and additional Annuities to such Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron and Puisne Judges and Barons, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made ' for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor of England, of the Chief Baron ' of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Puisne Judges and Justices in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster;

and that the total Amount of the annual Salaries to be payable to the said Chief Baron, and Puisne Judges and Barons, should be in lieu of all Fees and Emoluments whatsoever receivable by i them immediately before the passing of this ActWe Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, among other Things for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be issued in Augmentation of the Salary of the Master of the Rolls; and also so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, among other Things for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, as relates to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and to the Puisne Judges and Justices in the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be issued and paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Pa}--ments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or pa}mble out of the same Fund,) to the several Persons hereinafter mentioned, as an Augmentation of their respective Salaries, so much Money as will make up their respective Salaries and pecuniary

Profits

39 G. 3. c. no. § 3.

49 G.3. c. 127. § 2. to 5.

repealed.

Salaries of Master of the Rolls, &c. made up out of Consolidated Fund.

480

C. 84.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Master of the Rolls.

23 G.2. c. 25.

1 G.4. c. 107.

Vice Chancellor.

53 G.3. c. 24.

Chief Baron.

The Puisne Judges and Barons.

Salaries paid Quarterly, and proportionably until Death or Resignation.

Tax free.

Profits belonging to the said respective Offices, to the several annual Sums hereinafter respectively mentioned; (that is to say,)

To the Master of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in England such Sum as, with the Sums now payable to the said Master of the Rolls in pursuance of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, among other Things for augmenting the Income of the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls, and in pursuance of an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appropriating to the Use of the Master of the Rolls for the Time being the Rents of the Rolls Estate, and the Dividends of the Funds in the Court of Chancery arising from the surplus Rent of that Estate, and with the other Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will make up the Salary of the said Office to the annual Sum of Seven thousand Pounds:

To the Vice Chancellor of England such Sum as, with the Sums now payable to the Vice Chancellor in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice, will make up the Salary of the said Office to the Amount of Six thousand Pounds:

To the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer such Sum as, with the Sums now payable to the said Chief Baron out of the Revenues of His Majesty's Civil List, after deducting all Land Tax, Pension Duty and other Duties and Fees charged thereon, or on the said Chief Baron in respect of his Office, and the Costs of all Books, Rolls and Records by him provided in respect thereof, will make up the Salary of the said Office to the Amount of Seven thousand Pounds:

To each of the Puisne Judges and Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, such Sum as, with the Sums now payable to the said Puisne Judges, Justices and Barons of the Coif respectively, out of the Revenues of His Majesty's Civil List, after deducting all Land Tax, Pension Duty and other Duties and Fees charged thereon, or on the said Judges and Barons in respect of their Offices, will make up the Salaries of the said Puisne Judges, Justices and Barons of the Coif respectively, to the Amount of Five thousand five hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money to be issued in pursuance of this Act shall from time to time be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of Jidy, and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, by equal and even Portions; the First Payment thereupon to be made on the Fifth Day of Jidy One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and that if any Person having such Office of Master of the Rolls, Vice Chancellor, Chief Baron, Puisne Judge or Justice, or Baron of the Coif respectively, shall die or resign such Office, the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning such Office, shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of the Salary of such Offices respectively as according to the Rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the Time that such

Person

6° GEO. IV. C. 84.

481

Person shall have executed any such Office respectively as aforesaid; and that the Successor of any such Person so dying or resigning shall be entitled to have and receive such Salary as shall arise and become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Patent had borne Date on the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Master of the Rolls, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer respectively, and who shall respectively have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and fifty Pounds; and to any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of a Puisne Judge or Justice of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or of a Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and who shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds; and the said several and respective Annuities shall be in Addition to and in Augmentation of the respective Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to be given and granted to such Persons respectively, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and under an Act of the Fifty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign for enabling His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their Offices; and in like Manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person-to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund next in order of Payment to, and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and as by this Act are hereinbefore directed to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, and shall be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by even and equal Portions, at the like Periods, and together with and in the same Manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said recited Acts, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions (so far as the same are applicable), as are contained and prescribed in the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person executing the Office of Vice Chancellor of England for the Time being, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money not exceeding

6 Geo. IV. I i the

Annuities to Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron, and Puisne Judges and Barons, in Addition to Annuities under 39 G.3. c. 110. and 53 G.3. c.l 53. on Resignation.

Tax free.

His Majesty empowered to grant Annuity to Vice Chancellor on his Resignation,

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C. 84.

to be paid quarterly *

Period of Service.

Tax free.

Such Annuity may be limited as herein mentioned.

No Fees in future to Chief Baron or Puisne Judges or Barons.

Fees formerly payable to be paid to their Officers for the Public Use,

the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Period whenever the Person to whom such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Vice Chancellor, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and such Annuity or yearly Sum shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund next in Order of Payment to and after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and as are hereinbefore directed by this Act to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall and may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund; and such Annuity or yearly Sum shall from time to time be paid and pa}^-able quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next happen after such Resignation as aforesaid of the said Office: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and by such Letters Patent, to limit the Duration and Payment of any such Annuity, or any Part thereof, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not execute any Office of Profit under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, so as such Annuity, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the said Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds: Provided also, that no such Annuity or yearly sum of Money granted to any Person having executed the Office of Vice Chancellor shall be valid, unless such Person shall have continued in the said Office for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Fees or pecuniary Profits whatever, other than and except the Salaries and Receipts permitted by this Act, shall from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five be received by or be payable to or to the Use of the Chief Baron, or the Puisne Judges or Justices of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, in respect of the Execution of their said Offices respectively, either in their respective Courts in Westminster Hall, or at their respective Chambers, in respect of any Business depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the several Officers of the Chief Baron, and of each of the Puisne Judges, Justices and Barons of the Coif respectively, and the several other Persons who have been

6° GEO. IV. C. 81.

48S

heretofore used and accustomed to receive such Fees and pecuniary Profits for the Use of the said Chief Baron, Puisne Judges, Justices and Barons respectively, shall continue to receive the same and the like Fees for the Public Use.

VII. And Whereas by Writ of Privy Seal granted in the Second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George 6 the Third, reciting that a Reward of Forty Pounds per Annum,

at the Rate of Ten Pounds in every Term, had long since been assigned to the Second Judge of the Court of King's Bench, in

respect of his Labour and Trouble in giving the Charge to 6 the Grand Jury and pronouncing Judgment in the said Court tf against Malefactors, it was declared, that Regular Payment ' should be made of the aforesaid Termly Allowance of Ten

Pounds to the said Second Judge of the said Court for the Time being, in respect of his Pains and Service above mentioned; Be it enacted and declared, That the said Termly Allowance of Ten Pounds, or Reward of Forty Pounds per Annum, is not intended to be included in the Fees and Pecuniary Profits by this Act directed to be received and accounted for and paid to the Account of the Consolidated Fund; but that the said Termly Allowance of Ten Pounds, or Reward of Forty Pounds per Annum shall continue to be paid to the said Second Judge of the said Court of King's Bench after the passing of this Act, in Addition to all other Sums of Money which such Second Judge shall be entitled to receive under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Officer of the Master of the Rolls and of the Vice Chancellor respectively for the Time being, as they shall respectively appoint, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the Half Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, an Account, signed by such Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor respectively, of the Amount of all Fees paid to the said Master of the Rolls, and of all Sums of Money received by or payable to or to the Use of such Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor respectively, under or by virtue of the several Acts hereinbefore mentioned (after deducting all Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof), between the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; and a like Account shall be delivered in like Manner, in every succeeding Half Year ending on the Fifth of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, of all Fees paid to the said Master of the Rolls, and for all Sums received by or payable to or to the Use of the said Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor respectively, in respect of their said Offices respectively, under the said recited Acts, for the preceding Half Year and in whatever Sums the whole Amount which shall have been received or were payable to the said Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor respectively, in respect of their said several Offices, within the Half Year preceding the Delivery of any such Account shall be less than the clear Sum of Seven thousand

I i 2 Pounds

Termly Allowance to Second Judge of K. B. to continue. in Addition to his Salary, &c. under this Act.

Accounts of Fees to Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor, to be delivered to Treasury Half Yearly.

When Amount of Fees less than the Salary, the same shall be made up to Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor.

In case of Death or Resignation, proportionable Part paid to Executor, Successor, &c.

13 G.3. c. 63.

C. 84, 85. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pounds in respect of the said Master of the Rolls, or of Six thousand Pounds in respect of the said Vice Chancellor, shall be the Sums to be issued for the Half Year in which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the Whole of their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits for such Half Year, to One Half of the Amount of the several Salaries respectively hereinbefore mentioned, and such Sums shall be issued accordingly, and as if the Sums so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person executing the said Offices of Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor respectively, shall die or shall resign such Office, the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning the same shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of such Offices respectively as aforesaid, as according to the Rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have executed such Office as aforesaid; and the proper Officer of the Successor of every such Person shall on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July, as the Case may be, which shall be immediately subsequent to every such Death or Resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such Account as is hereinbefore required to be delivered, signed by such Successor, and also by his Predecessor, or the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor, as the Case may be; and such Successor and his Predecessor, in case of Resignation, and the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor, in case of Death, shall be respectively entitled to and shall receive such proportionable Part of such Sum as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and in case any such Person so dying or resigning shall have received, during such Part of the Half Year in which such Person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable Part of the clear Salary of his Office, according to the Time during which such Person shall have executed such Office, every.such Person so resigning, or the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, shall pay to the Successor of every such Person so much as the Sums received shall exceed the Sums to which such Person so dying shall have been entitled according to the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for further regulating the Payment of the Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India, and the Bishop of Calcutta; for authorizing the Transportation of Offenders from the Island of Saint Helena; and for more effectually providing for the Administration of Justice in Singapore and Malacca, and certain Colonies on the Coast of Coromandel.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth y, Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the i Third, intituled An Act for establishing certain 1Regulations for

14 the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 85.

485

the letter Management of the Affairs of the East India Company,

as well in India as in Europe, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to consist of a Chief Justice and Three other Judges, to be named from time to time by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies should direct and cause to be paid certain established Salaries to the Chief Justice and each of the Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal; that is to say, to the Chief' Justice Eight thousand Pounds by the Year and to each of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, Six thousand Pounds by the Year,

4 in Manner therein mentioned: And Whereas His said late Majesty King George the Third, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty sixth Day of March in the Fourteenth Year of His Reign did erect and establish such Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal accordingly, and did declare that the Chief Justice and Puisne Judges of the said Court should, so long as they should hold their Offices respectively,

be entitled to have and receive respectively the Salaries in the said in part recited Act provided for that Purpose: And Whereas by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Cab cutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India,

the Number of Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal was reduced to Two:

And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing further Regidations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the belter Administration of Justice within the same, it is enacted, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras in the East Indies, to consist of such and the like Number of Persons, to be named from time to time by His Majesty^ His Heirs and Successors, as the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal; and that the Court of Directors of the said United Company should direct and cause to be paid certain and established Salaries to the Chief Justice, and each of the Judges of such Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, as should be by the said new Charter established; (that is to say), to the Chief Justice Six thousand Pounds by the Year and to each of the Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras Five thousand Pounds by the Year and that such Salaries should be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively out of the Territorial Revenues of the said Settlement of Madras, at an Exchange of Eight Shillings for the Pagoda of that Settlement:

§ 13.

37 G.3. c. 142. § 1-

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 79.

§2.

486

C. 85.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

And Whereas His said late Majesty King George the Third, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty sixth Day of December in the Forty first Year of His Reign, did erect and establish such Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras accordingly, and did grant, ordain, appoint and declare that the Chief Justice and Puisne Judges of the said Court should, so long as they should hold their Offices respectively be entitled to have and receive respectively the Salaries in the said last mentioned Act S7 G. 3. c. 142. ' provided for that Purpose: And Whereas by an Act passed in

the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native § 9- 4 Princes in India, it is amongst other Things enacted, that it

should be lawful for His said Majesty, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Court of Judicature at Bombay, to consist of the Mayor and Three of the Aldermen resident at the said Settlement of Bombay, together with one other Person to be named from time to time by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be the President of the said Court, and to be styled The Recorder of Bombayand that during such Time as the said Settlement of Bombay should remain in the Possession of the said United Company, the Court of Directors of the said United Company should direct and cause to be paid, to the Recorder of the said Court of Judicature at Bombay, the yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds, such Salary to be paid out of the Revenues of the said Settlement of Bombay, at an Exchange of Two Shillings and Sixpence for the Bombay Rupee,

and to commence and take place from such Time as therein is mentioned: And Whereas His said Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Twentieth Day of February in the Thirty eighth Year of His Reign, did erect and establish such Court of the Recorder of Bombay accordingly,

and did grant and declare, that the Recorder of the said Court should, so long as he should hold the said Office, be entitled to have and receive the Salary in the said last mentioned Act proG.4 c. 7i. 4 vided for that Purpose: And Whereas by an Act passed in the

4 Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for defraying the Charge of Retiring Pay, Pensions and other Expences of that Nature, of His Majesty's Forces serving in India; for establishing the Pensions of the Bishop, Archdeacons and Judges; for regulating Ordinations; and for establishing 7 4 a Court of Judicature at Bombay, it is enacted, that it should

and might be lawful for His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay aforesaid, to consist of such and the like Number of Persons, to be named from time to time by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal; and that the Court of Directors of the said United Company should direct and cause to

6° GEO. IV. C. 85.

4S7

be paid certain and established Salaries to the Chief Justice and each of the Judges of such Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay as should be by the said new Charter established; that is to say, to the Chief Justice Fifty two thousand two hundred Bombay Rupees by the Year and to each of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay Forty three thousand five hundred Bombay Rupees by the Year and that such Salaries should be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively out of the Territorial Revenues of the said Settlement of Bombay: And Whereas His said Majesty King George the Fourth, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date at Westminster the Eighth Day of December in the Fourth Year of His Reign, did erect and establish such Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay accordingly, and did grant and declare that the Chief Justice and Puisne Judges of the said Court should, so long as they should hold their Offices respectively,

be entitled to have and receive respectively the Salaries in the said last mentioned Act provided for that Purpose: And

4 Whereas His late Majesty King George the Third did, by His Letters Patent bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Forty seventh Year of His Reign, for himself, His Heirs and Successors, give and grant unto the said United Company and their Successors, and did direct, ordain and appoint, that there should be within the Factory of Prince of Wales Island, and the Places then or any Time to be subordinate or annexed thereto, a Court of Record, to be called The Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island and did thereby erect, create and constitute the said Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island to be a Court of Record; and His said late Majesty did, by His said Letters Patent, further will, ordain and appoint that the said Court of Judicature should consist of and be holden before the Governor or President and the Three Counsellors of the said Factory for the Time being, as F'our of the Judges of the said Court, and before one other Judge, to be called The Recorder of the Prince of Wales Island," and which Recorder of Prince of Wales Island it is ordained should be a Barrister in England or Ireland, of not less than Five Years' standing, to be named and appointed from time to time by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

by Letters Patent under the great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and His said Majesty did thereby further direct, that the said Recorder of Prince of Wales Island should hold his Office during the Pleasure of His said Majesty,

4 His Heirs and Successors, and did further direct, ordain and appoint, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Recorder of Prince of Wales Island to receive from the said United Company a Salary equal to the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds Money current in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, to be calculated at the Exchange of Five Shillings of the said lawful Money for every Dollar current within the said Factory: And Whereas by an Act made and 53 G.3. c. 155. passed in the Fifty third lrear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing in the

I i 4* 4 East

488

C.S5.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

4 45.

Salaries to Judges at Madras,

East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges, for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within Hhe same, and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company s Charter, it is amongst other Things enacted, that in case it should please His Majesty, by His Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, to erect, found and constitute One Bishoprick for the whole of the said British Territories in the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, and from time to time to nominate and appoint fa Bishop, the Court of Directors of the said Company, during such Time as the said Territorial Acquisitions should remain in the Possession of the said Company,

should and they were thereby required to direct and cause to be paid a certain established Salary from and out of the Revenues of the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, to the said Bishop, of Five thousand Pounds by the Year, at an* Exchange of Two Shillings for the Bengal current Rupee: And Whereas His said late Majesty King George the Third did, by His Letters Patent bearing Date at Westminster the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in the Fifty fourth Year of His Reign, erect, found and constitute such Bishoprick accordingly: And Whereas it is deemed expedient to make further and different Provisions for the Payment of the Salaries of the Judges of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Madras and Bombay respectively, and to make Provision for the Payment to any of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal and at Madras and Bombay respectively, who, during the Vacancy of the Office of Chief Justice in any of the said Courts, shall execute and discharge the Duties of Chief Justice, of the Salary of the Office of Chief Justice, in lieu of that of Puisne Judge, in respect of the Time during which such Puisne Judge shall so execute and discharge the Office of Chief Justice; and it is also expedient to make further Provision for all such Chief Justices, Bishops,

4 Judges and Recorders respectively, so as that the Acceptance of such Offices respectively shall not be the Occasion of actual Loss to their Representatives in the Event of the Death of any such Chief Justices, Bishops, Judges or Recorders respectively having taken place or hereafter taking place after their Arrival in India; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to the Chief Justices and each of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, in lieu and stead of the Salaries paid or payable to them respectively under or by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, in like Manner, and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions as the said Salaries have been heretofore or are now paid and payable, and not otherwise, the

6° GEO. IV. C. 85.

489

Salaries hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, the Sum of Fifty eight thousand Madras Rupees by the Year, to be computed from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Time of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth a Salary after the Rate of Sixty thousand Madras Rupees by the Year and to each of the Puisne Judges of the said last mentioned Court a Salary after the Rate of Forty eight thousand Madras Rupees by the Year, [to be computed from the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen to the Time of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth a Salary after the Rate of Fifty thousand Madras Rupees by the Year; ] and that [such Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively, out of the Territorial Revenues of the said Settlement of Madras.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to the Chief Justice and each of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay, in lieu and instead of the Salaries paid or payable to them respectively under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, in like Manner and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions as the said Salaries have been heretofore or are now paid or payable, and not otherwise, the Salaries hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Bombay a Salary after the Rate of Fifty eight thousand Bombay Rupees by the year, to be computed from the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, to the Time of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth a Salary after the Rate of Sixty thousand Bombay Rupees by the Year and to each of the Puisne Judges of the said last mentioned Court the Sum of Forty eight thousand Bombay Rupees by the Year, to be computed from the said Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, to the Time of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth a Salary after the Rate of Fifty thousand Bombay Rupees by the Year and that such Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively, out of the Territorial Revenues of the said Settlement of Bombay.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to each and every the Person and Persons who, during the Period between the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen and the said Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, acted as Recorder of Bombay as aforesaid, or to his or their Executors or Administrators, such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall, together with the Salaries which have been paid to the Recorder for the Time being, make up a Rate of Salary to each and every of such Person and Persons so having acted as Recorder as aforesaid, of Forty eight thousand Bombay Rupees by the Year and that such further Sum and Sums shall be paid and payable out of the Territorial Revenues of the said Settlement of Bombay.

out of what Fund.

Salaries to Judges at Bombay;

out of what Fund.

Salary to Recorder of Bombay;

out of what Fund.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Judge executing Office of Chief Justice entitled to Salary of Chief Justice.

Provision in case any Judge or Bishop, &c. shall die either during his Voyage, or within Six Months after his Arrival, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall happen that in consequence of the Vacancy of the Office of Chief Justice in any of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or at Madras or Bombay respectively, One of the Puisne Judges of the said Courts respectively shall preside for and exercise the Office of such Chief Justice, such Puisne Judge so acting as Chief Justice during a Vacancy, and until the Arrival of the Person appointed to succeed to the Office of Chief Justice, shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of his Proportion of Salary as a Puisne Judge of such Court, such a Proportion of Salary (and no more) as would have become due to such Chief Justice during the Period while the Vacancy'shall be supplied by such Puisne Judge as aforesaid, and that the Payment of such Rate of Salary to a Puisne Judge so acting or having acted as such Chief Justice in any of the said Supreme Courts respectively, shall commence and take effect from the Twenty second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases from and since the said Twenty second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in which it has already happened, or when and as often as it shall hereafter happen, that any Chief Justice or Puisne Judge of any of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, Madras or Bombay, or the Recorder of Prince of Wales Island, or any Bishop of Calcutta, shall have departed or shall hereafter depart this Life, either during his Voyage to India or within Six Calendar Months next after the Day when he shall have arrived in India for the Purpose of taking upon him the Office of such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and they are hereby required to pay, or direct and cause to be paid, out of the Territorial Revenues from which the Salary of such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop so dying shall be payable, to the legal Personal Representatives of such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop so dying as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, together with the Sum or Sums paid to or drawn by such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop, in respect of his Salary, make up the full Amount of One Year's Salary of the Office to which he shall have been appointed; and that from and since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, when and as often as it shall have happened or shall hereafter happen that any such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop hath departed or shall depart this Life while in Possession of such Office, and after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of his Arrival in India for the Purpose of taking upon him the Office of Chief Justice, Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop, then and in all and every of such Cases the said Court of Directors shall and they are hereby required to pay or direct and cause to be paid, out of the Territorial Revenues from which the Salary of such Chief Justice, Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop so dying shall be payable, to the legal Personal Representatives of such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop respectively so dying as aforesaid, over and

6° GEO. IV. C. 85. 491

above what may have been due to such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop respectively at the Time of his Death, a Sum equal to the Amount of Six Calendar Months' Salary of the Office of such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop respectively.

VI. And Whereas under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, His Majesty is empowered to direct and authorize certain Allowances ' to be made out of the Revenues of the British Territories in (India to the Chief Justices and Puisne Judges of the said Su-c preme Courts respectively, and to the Recorder of Prince of ' Wales Island, on their respectively resigning their respective Offices, after a Residence in India for Ten Years: And Whereas it is expedient to shorten the Period during which such Chief Justices, Judges and Recorders respectively are required to hold their Offices in India before an Allowance can be granted to them, and to make other Provisions respecting such Allowances Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the said Allowances, and the Length of Residence in India necessary to entitle the Parties thereto, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Chief Justices or Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William, Madras or Bombay respectively, or the Recorder of the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island, shall resign his Office in consequence of Age, Infirmity or other Cause, to be approved by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Warrants under the Sign Manual, to direct and authorize an Allowance to be made out of the Revenues of the British Territories in India, to such Chief Justice, Puisne Judges or Recorder so resigning, subject to the Limitations and Restrictions hereinafter provided; that is to say, Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for His Majesty to direct any such Allowance to be made to any Person who shall not have resided in India for Five Years, either as Chief Justice or as a Puisne Judge (or partly as one and partly as the other) of some or one of the said Supreme Courts.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to any Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, than the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, or partly as one and partly as the other, for Seven Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Seven Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, or partly as one and partly as the other, for Ten Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Ten Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum.

4 G.4. c. 7 1. s. 15.

repealed as to Residence.

Pensions to Chief Justices and Judges on Resignation.

Five Years '

Residence

necessary.

Limitation of Allowance to Chief Justice of Fort William.

492

C. 85.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Limitation of Allowance to Chief Justices of Madras and Bombay.

Limitation of Allowance to Puisne Judges of Fort William.

Limitation of Allowance to Puisne Judges of Madras and Bombay.

In what Case only Chief Justice to have greater Allowance than Puisne Judge.

Limitation of Allowance to Recorder of Prince of Wales Island.

IX. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to either of the Chief Justices of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Madras or Bombay, than the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, or partly as one and partly as the other, for Seven Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Seven Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, or partly as one and partly as the other, for Ten Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Ten Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand six hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to either of the Puisne Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William than the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Puisne Judge for Seven Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Seven Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Puisne Judge for Ten Yrears; nor if he shall have so resided for Ten Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum.

XI. And be it further enacted That it shall not be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to any one of the Puisne Judges of either of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Madras or Bombay respectively, than the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Puisne Judge for Seven Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Seven Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Puisne Judge for Ten YTears; nor if he shall have so resided for Ten Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum,

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for His Majesty to direct any larger Allowance to be made to any Chief Justice of any of the said Supreme Courts so resigning, than the Amount by this Act limited for the Allowance to be made to the Puisne Judges of the Court to which such Chief Justice shall belong, unless he shall have held the Office of a Chief Justice of one of the said Supreme Courts during Five Years of his Residence in India.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to the Recorder of the said Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island\ than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless lie shall have resided in India as such Recorder for Seven Years;

nor

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 85.

493

nor if he shall have so resided for Seven Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum, unless he shall have resided in India as such Recorder for Ten Years; nor if he shall have so resided for Ten Years, shall it be lawful to direct any larger Allowance to be made to him than the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person having for any Time resided in the East Indies as Recorder of the said Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island shall have been or shall be appointed to the Office of Chief Justice or Puisne Judge of either of the said Supreme Courts of Fort William, Madras or Bombay, the Period of Residence of such Person in the East Indies as such Recorder of the said Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island shall be accounted and taken as and for a Residence in India as a Puisne Judge of such Courts respectively, in the Proportion of Three Years Residence as such Recorder to Two Years' Residence as such Puisne Judge; and that if such Person shall have resided in the East Indies partly as such Recorder, and partly as such Chief Justice or Puisne Judge, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, to direct such Allowance to be made to such Person as might lawfully be directed in case such Person had resided the Whole of such Time as such Recorder, and had resigned the Office of such Recorder, although such Person may not have resided m, India for such Length of Time as to entitle him, under the Provisions herein contained, to the Allowance of a Chief Justice or Puisne Judge.

XV. And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of another Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Provision is made for granting a Pension to the Bishop of Calcutta,

under the Limitations therein contained, and it is expedient to make further Provision in respect thereof Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner in the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty mentioned, to grant to any such Bishop who shall have exercised within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company the Office of Bishop of Calcutta for Five Years, a Pension not exceeding One Half of the Sum which His Majesty, by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, is empowered to grant to any such Bishop; and also to grant to any such ^Bishop who shall have exercised within the Limits aforesaid the said Office of Bishop of Calcutta for Seven Years, a Pension not exceeding Two thirds of the Sum which His Majesty, by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, is empowered to grant to any such Bishop.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to direct any such Allowance to be made to any such Chief Justice, Puisne Judge, Recorder or Bishop respectively, who before he

shall

Time of Recorder appointed Judge to be reckoned at a certain Rate.

53 G.S. c. 155.

4G.4. c. 71. § 2, and 3.

Pension ta-Bishop on Resignation.

Resignation under Ten Years' Service for other Cause than Illness not

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

entitled to Pension.

Transportation of Offenders from Saint Helena.

Punishment of Persons returning.

shall have held and exercised such Office, or some or one of such Offices, for the Space of Ten Years in the whole, shall resign his said Office for any other Cause than in consequence of Illness or Infirmity, to be proved to the Satisfaction of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XVII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Governor and Council appointed by the said United Company in and for the Island of Saint Helena should be empowered, when acting as a Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, to order Offenders to be transported from the said Island to such Places as are hereinafter mentioned or referred to; Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall have been convicted before the said Governor and Council of the said Island of Saint Helena, sitting and acting as a Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, of the Crime of Grand or Petit Larceny, or of any other Offence for which such Person or Persons would before the passing of this Act have been liable by the Laws of this Realm to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and the Council of the said Island to order and adjudge that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be transported, for such Term of Years as such Governor and Council shall direct, to Ne*w South Wales, or any other Place to which by virtue of any Law now in force he, she or they might have been transported, or sentenced to be transported, by or by the Sentence of any Court exercising Jurisdiction within the several British Presidencies or Governments in the East Indies; and where any Person or Persons shall hereafter be convicted of any Crimes whatever, for which he, she or they is or are or shall be by the Laws of this Realm in force within the said Island of Saint Helena excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Council, as they shall see fit, instead of awarding Sentence of Execution against such Offender or Offenders, to order such Offender or Offenders to be in like Manner transported, either for Life, or for such Number of Years as the said Governor and Council shall award and order; and the Governor and Council of the said Island are hereby authorized and required to take the necessary Measures for the due Performance of such Sentences and Awards of Transportation accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender so sentenced or ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall return to the said Island of Saint Helena, or come into any of the Territories or Acquisitions of His Majesty, or of the said United Company in the East Indies, or shall come into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the End of the Term for which he or she shall be so sentenced or ordered to be transported as aforesaid, he or she so returning or coming as aforesaid shall be liable to be punished as a Person attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and Execution shall and may be awarded against such Offender accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to prevent His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from extending His or Their Royal Mercy to any such Offender or Offenders, or from allowing the Return of such Offender or Offenders from such Place of Transportation.

6° GEO. IV. C. 85.

495

XIX. And Whereas under and by virtue and according to the Effect of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His iate Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough in the East Indies a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants, tvho on the Reduction of that Establishment shall be supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George; and an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for transferring to the East India Company certain Possessions nexvly acquired in the East Indies, and the Removal of Convicts from Sumatra, the Island of Singapore in the East Indies, and the Town and Fort of Malacca and its Dependencies, and all the Colonies, Possessions and Establishments ceded by His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to His said present Majesty King George the Fourth, by a Treaty concluded between their said Majesties on the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, have become and now are Factories subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and thereby, by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same, are subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort William aforesaid; and it may be expedient that some other Provision should be made for the Administration of Justice within the said Island and other Places aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or in any other lawful manner, to make such Provision for the Administration of Justice in Civil, Criminal, Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Matters arisen and to arise within the said Island of Singapore, and the said Town and Fort of Malacca and its Dependencies, by His and Their Royal Prerogative He or They might have done if the said last mentioned Act had never been made or passed; and in case any such Provision shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, then the said Island, and the said Town and Fort and its Dependencies, from the Time or several Times when such Provision shall take effect, or from any other Time or Times to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and all the Inhabitants of the said Island, and the said Town, Fort and its Dependencies, and other Persons being thereon, shall cease to be subject to and shall be wholly exempt from the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court; the said last mentioned Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January next the Colonies, Possessions and Establishments so ceded to His Majesty, and which are situate on the Coast of Coromandel, or in the Northern Circars in the East Indies, and all the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, Possessions and Establishments, and all other Persons being therein, shall cease

to

42 G.S. c. 29.

5 G.4. c. 108.

39 & 40 G.S. c. 79.

Regulations for Administration of Justice in Singapore and Malacca.

Colonies ceded to His Majesty to be under Jurisdiction of Fort Saint George.

496

C. 85.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Singapore and Malacca annexed to Prince of Wales Island.

to be subject to and shall be wholly exempt from the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal; and the said Colonies, Possessions and Establishments, and all the Inhabitants thereof, and all other Persons being therein, shall be subject and amenable to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort Saint George in the East Indies, in like Manner as any other Place being or deemed to be a Factory subordinate to the Government of Fort Saint George, and the Inhabitants thereof, whether Europeans or Natives, as the Case may be, is or are or ought to be liable and amenable thereto; the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors for the Time being of the said United Company to declare and appoint that the said Island of Singapore and the said Town and Port of Malacca and its Dependencies, and the Colonies, Possessions and Establishments so ceded as aforesaid, or any of them, shall cease to be Factories or a Factory subordinate to the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and that they shall be annexed to and be considered as and be Part of the Settlement of Prince of Wales Island, or as Factories or a Factory subordinate to the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, or to any Presidency or Government of the said United Company, or that" they or any of them shall be independent Settlements or an independent Settlement, subject to such Government as the said United Company, under and by virtue of the Charters granted to them or otherwise, may lawfully appoint, and from time to time, as Occasion may require, to revoke and alter such Appointment or Appointments, and to place the said Island, Town, Fort and its Dependencies, and the said Colonies, Possessions and Establishments under such Presidency of Government, or to be independent, as to them shall seem lit and expedient, subject nevertheless to the Superintendence, Direction and Controul of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in like Manner as any Acts or Orders of the said Court of Directors are now by Law subject; and the said Island, Town, Fort and its Dependencies, Colonies, Possessions and Establishments, so ceded as aforesaid, and the Revenues thereof, and the Civil Servants connected therewith respectively, shall, from and after the Time to be by the said Court of Directors limited and appointed, be to all Intents and Purposes annexed to the Presidency or Government to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, or such Island and Places aforesaid shall be an independent Settlement or independent Settlements, and the Revenues and Civil Servants thereof shall be annexed thereto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Appointment as aforesaid; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVL

6° GEO. IV. C. 86.

497

CAP. LXXXVI. An Act to provide for the Erection of Certain Courts and Offices of Justice in Scotland.

[5th Jidy ] 825.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for talcing doxmi the present Buildings in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Courts of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in the lieu thereof certain Buildings were erected for that Purpose: And Whereas by virtue of another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland, in Trustees; for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a Public Jail, in the City of Edinburgh; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain additional Buildings were erected: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes, ' Buildings are authorized to be erected for the permanent Accommodation of the said Court: And Whereas under the Authority of the last mentioned Act certain Buildings were purchased and fitted up for the temporary Accommodation of the said Jury Court, but which by the late destructive Fires which happened in the said City of Edinburgh in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four were wholly destroyed, and the Buildings used for the Offices of the Court of Exchequer were in part destroyed or damaged; it has therefore become necessary to provide permanent Accommodation for carrying on the Business of the said Jury Court with proper Convenience for the Judges, and for the Clerks and Officers thereof, and to erect the Buildings necessary for that Purpose, in Place of those destro3^ed by the said Fire; and it is also necessary to provide suitable Accommodation for the Offices connected with the Courts of Exchequer, and for the Preservation and Security of the valuable Re-

cords belonging thereto, as also for the High Court of Ad-6 miralty, and for the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh,

and for the further Accommodation and Convenience of the Courts of Session and Justiciary; and it is also necessary to improve and widen the Access to the said Courts, and to remove certain Houses situated in the Vicinity of the same May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late 6 Geo. IV. K Majesty

46 G.S. c. 154.,

48 G. 3. c. 146.

59 G. 3. c. 85.

Additional Buildings to be erected according to Plans approved

498

C. 86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

of by the Treasury.

Expence to be defrayed out of the Revenues arising in Scotland.

Regulation for the Purchase of certain Property herein mentioned.

Majesty King George the Third, together with the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, and the Senior Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, or such other Baron as may be named and appointed by the said Court of Exchequer, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause to be built and erected, according to such Plans and Designs as shall be approved of by them and by the Lord Pligh Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, Buildings necessary for the Dispatch of the Business of the said Jury Court, with proper Accommodation for the Use and Convenience of the Judges, and of the Clerks and Officers thereof; and also such additional Accommodation as may be necessary for the Offices belonging to the Court of Exchequer, and for the better Preservation and Security of the Records belonging thereto; and also suitable Accommodation for the said High Court of Admiralty, and for the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and the Clerks and Officers connected therewith, and for the further Accommodation and Convenience of the said Courts of Session and Justiciary; and further, the said Trustees are also hereby empowered and required, to cause the Access to the said Courts to be widened and improved according to such Plans and Designs as shall be approved of as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Elis Majesty's Treasury for the Time being to authorize the Chief Baron and Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to order the Expence of the said Buildings so to be erected to be defrayed out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in Scotland, which, by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, were charged and made chargeable for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, and to order such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from time to time be necessary, to be paid out of such Duties and Revenues to the said Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, or to such Person or Persons as they shall authorize to receive the same, and such Powers and Authorities are hereby given and granted to the said Trustees for the Purpose of erecting such Buildings as are given to the Trustees for erecting the Buildings directed by the said last mentioned Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to purchase, for the Purposes aforesaid, such of the Areas, Houses and other Property on the South and East Sides of the Parliament Square, and those situated in the High Street, as were lately consumed or damaged by one of the said Fires which happened in the Month of June last, as well as other Tenements adjoining thereto, and also such other Buildings or Areas, wherever situated, which shall be deemed necessary by the said Trustees, either for the Site of the intended new Buildings, or for the Safety and Preservation thereof, or for the better Access thereto; but excepting always the Premises in and adjoining to the Parliament Square, belonging to the Company

19 carrying

A.D. 1825.

GEO. IV. C. 86.

499

carrying on the Business of Banking, under the Firm of Sir William Forbes, James Hunter and Company, so long as the said Premises shall be occupied by them or their Successors as a Banking House, or Office for carrying on the Business of Banking, without the Consent of the said Company, but declaring that the said Company or their Successors shall not be at liberty to dispose of their said Premises for any other Purpose, except for carrying on the Business of Banking, without previously offering the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, at such Price as the said Company may consider the Value thereof; but if the said Trustees shall consider the said Price more than the just and true Value of the said Premises, then the said Price shall be fixed and estimated by the Verdict of a Jury, in the same Way and Manner as afterwards provided by this Act:

Provided always, that such of these Houses as may have been Proviso *, purchased by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for erecting a Jail in Edinburgh, but which are no longer required for that Purpose, shall be disposed of to the said Trustees at a Price not exceeding that which the same have cost the said Commissioners.

IV. And Whereas it may be proper to accommodate the ' Jury Court in the Buildings at present occupied by the Court of Exchequer, and to use the Buildings to be erected under the Authority of this Act for the Accommodation of the Court of Exchequer, and Offices connected therewith; Be it therefore enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for the said Trus- Exchequer tees, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Court Build-Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the fogsappro-

Time being, to order and direct such Exchange to be made of P}te Usf i i tp. -t t i i, &,. of Jury Court,

the said respective Buildings, when they shall see fit and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of repairing Maintenance and supporting the Buildings to be erected in pursuance of this and Repair of Act, as also the Buildings at present appropriated for the Ac- trie Buildings, eommodation of the Courts of Session, Exchequer and Justiciary, shall from time to time be defrayed out of the Funds applicable to the Support of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as the Expences of repairing the present Buildings are defrayed.

VI. And Whereas in the Event of that Part of a new Building, i containing the Library belonging to the Faculty of Advocates,

1 being acquired, with the Consent of the said Faculty, by the ' Society of Clerks to His Majesty's Signet, whose Library is in the same Building Be it further enacted, That it shall and On a certain may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- Event, Faculty sury to authorize and permit the said Faculty of Advocates to erect another Library on Part of the Area situated at the West [^Vu/ild a new of the Outer Parliament House, in such Manner and according Library, to such Design as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, shall think proper and approve.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Legally j»ca-for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, pacitaied Per-Guardians, Trustees, and all other Persons and Trustees whom- sons empowered soever, Uot only for and on Behalf of those having the Beneficial 10 sel1.

Interest,

soo

C. 86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Form of Conveyance.

Conveyances to be registered.

Satisfaction to be made to Bodies Politic, Sec. and other Persons entitled -to Premises.

Interest, whether Persons under Age, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or fatuous Persons, or other Person or Persons, and for every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds and Heritages which shall be acquired for the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, sell and convey the same, and every Part thereof, unto the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any Muse notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they or any of them shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Assurances which shall be made of any Lands or Heritages to the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act shall be made according to the following Form, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit:

4 J [or we] of,

4 in consideration of the Sum of

4 to me [or us] paid, do hereby grant,. dispone and convey to all [describing the Premises to be

conveyed], and all my Right, Title and Interest to and in the same, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said for the Purposes specified in an Act passed in the

4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act],

4 In witness whereof I have set my Hand to these Presents.

4 Written by [insert Name and Description of Writer] this Day of, in the Year of our Lord

4, before these Witnesses [insert

4 Name and Description of Witnesses, tvho tvill also subscribe as Witnesses.] '

And all such Conveyances and Assurances shall' be registered within Sixty Days of the Date or Execution thereof in the General Register of Sasines, or in the particular Register of Sasines of the County of Edinburgh, and shall thereupon be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all other Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests, and Incumbrances to, in or upon the same whatsoever; any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees or other Persons hereinbefore capacitated to sell and convey any Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, or any Owner or Owners, and the Occupiers or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages required to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, or of any such Interests as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Time of making and executing such Sale and Conveyance, or any Contract or Contracts of the

same,

6° GEO. IV. C. 86.

501

name, the said Trustees purchasing the same for the Purposes of this Act may and shall be at liberty to enter upon, and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and use the said Lands, Tenements and other Heritages for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements or Heritages cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, as is hereinafter mentioned.

X. And for settling all such Differences which may arise between the said Trustees and the several Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages which shall or maybe taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person so interested, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of any Person or Persons for whom they may hold the same, or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money or other Compensation as shall be offered by them, the said Trustees, or their Agent by or on their Behalf, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to any Three of the said Trustees, within Six Days after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party or Parties giving such Notice as aforesaid shall therein request that the Matter or Matters in Dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons, seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Heritages as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Trustees, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to the Premises they may be in Possession of, or to the Interests they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or of the Person or Persons authorized by them, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to direct the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County of Edinburgh to summon, assemble and choose a Jury in such Way and Manner as Juries are summoned, assembled and chosen in Counties in Scotland; and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury, when chosen, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters or Things in Controversy; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to admininister) inquire of, assess and ascertain and give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid; and the said Sheriff shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or Compensation so assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Persons whomsoever, and shall not be subject to any Review or any Stay or Sist of Execution whatsoever; provided that Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing, at the

Jury, in what Case.

In case of Difference as to Purchase Money, it shall be settled by a Jury.

Judgment

final.

Notice of Return of Jury,

least,

502

C-86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Provision as to Expences of Jury in tho several Cases herein mentioned.

Verdicts to be recorded.

May be.inspected.

Fee.

least, of the Hour and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, before the Ti.rcje of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury as aforesaid, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and in each aod every Case where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, as a llecompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or as a Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid, than shall have been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, before the summoning such Jury, and where no Compensation shall have been previously offered in respect thereof by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, or where, by reason of Absence or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Pei> sons at hand who may he legally capacitated to contract with, and make Conve}^ances to, or receive Compensation from the said Trustees, as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Reasonable Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, shall be settled by the said Sheriff, and be defrayed by the said Trustees; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum that shall have been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered, or in case of such Refusal to treat with or make Conveyances to the Trustees by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are, by tl\e Provisions of this Act or otherwise, legally empowered to treat and convey or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise any Person shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case all such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees) the reasonable Costs and Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, shall be settled in like Manner to the said Sheriff, and be borne or paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversies or Disputes; which said Costs and Expences shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and awarded, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdicts shall be deemed to be and shall become Records of the said Sheriff to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence

.503

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 86.

for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal When and how Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined or 8essj^ ° ° ' adjusted by any Jury or Juries in Manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of an}^ such Lands, Tenements or Heritages to the Proprietors or Proprietor of such Lands and other Heritages and Premises, or such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined or awarded; or if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premises which shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, then upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or British Linen Company as hereafter directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid), it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or any other Persons authorized by them in their Behalf, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds and Heritages respectively; and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estates, Use, Trust and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vested in the said Trustees in such Manner as is directed in and by this Act, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Ten- Claim, how der, Payment or Investiture shall not only bar all Right, Title, barred.

Claim, Interest and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and shall be deemed and construed to bar the Terce of the Wife, and all Right of every other Person, and all Incumbrances whatsoever therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig into such Lands or Grounds for the Purpose of erecting the Buildings directed by this Act, without Leave of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their respective Hands.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Where Com-agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or pensation shall Heritages, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest, of what amount to 200/ Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of antl uPwards* the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Minor or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as hereinbefore mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to be placed to an Account, in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Three of the

K k 4<

said

a 86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

50 *

said Trustees shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and Application of tire Court of Session, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Extinction of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Heritages standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Discretion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which shall be conveyed to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where less than XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

thanm°lC Money so agree(l or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Session, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by three or more of the said Trustees, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Session.

"Where less XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

than 20/. such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before

mentioned

6° GEO. IV. C. 86.

505

mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or I-Ieritages so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, and to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Three of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to remain in the Hands of the said Banks, or any One of them, or to order the same to be paid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Interest or Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interests, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Banks respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums mentioned, and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the .Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into such Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken

to

Proceedings in case of not making a good Title.

In case of Question touching Title.

506

C. 86.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Elipences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees in certain Cases.

Certain Passages to be shut up.

+ Sic.

Trustees may dispose of such Lands as are not wanted, under certain Conditions.

to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, or the Capital yielding such Interest remaining in the Plands of any of the said Bankers, shall be paid and applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, and the Purchase Money of the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, or One of them, by the Order of the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful to the said Court to order the Expences of all such Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Security of the said Buildings, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to shut up the Passage known by the Name of the Back Stain j-, and all other Passages leading from the South or East into the Parliament Square, and to issue their Order or Orders for shutting up the same, in such Way and Manner as they may judge proper.

XX. And Whereas the said Trustees may purchase Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be made use of for the Purposes of £ this Act, and it may happen that the whole thereof may not be required for the Purposes of this Act, and it may in such Case become necessary to resell or otherwise dispose of the same Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by Deed under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale, feu or otherwise dispose of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or any such Part or Parts thereof, as shall not be wanted for the Purpose of this Act, on such Conditions as to the Manner of Plan or building thereon, or Occupancy by the Buyers thereof, as to the said Trustees shall seem meet and proper; and all such Conveyances from the said Trustees shall be valid and effectual; any Thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three of them, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold,

feued,

6° GEO. IV. C. 86, 87.

507

feued, let or otherwise disposed of, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be so sold, feued or let, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to regulate the Payment of Salaries and Allowances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports, and the Disbursements at such Ports for certain publick Purposes.

[5 th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the Provision which hath been hitherto made Vt for the Maintenance and Support of the Consuls General *4 and Consuls appointed by His Majesty to reside within the Dominions of Sovereigns and Foreign States in Amity with x His Majesty, out of the Money applicable under the Third Class of His Majesty's Civil List, as specified in the Schedule annexed to an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the] Support of His Majestys Househotel, and for the Honour and Dignity of the Croton of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, is inadequate to the Maintenance and Support of such Consuls General and Consuls; and it is expedient to make further and due Provision for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to grant to all or any of the Consuls General or Consuls appointed by His Majesty to reside within any of the Dominions of any Sovereign or Foreign State or Power in Amity with His Majesty, such reasonable Salaries as to His Majesty shall seem meet, and by and with such Advice as aforesaid, from time to time to alter, increase or diminish any such Salaries or Salary as Occasion may require.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Salaries shall be issued and paid to such Consuls General and Consuls without Fee or Deduction: Provided always, that all such Salaries as aforesaid be granted for and during His Majesty's Pleasure, and not otherwise, and be held and enjoyed by such Consuls General and Consuls as aforesaid, so long only as they shall be actually resident at the Places at which they may be so appointed to reside, and discharging the Duties of such their Offices: Provided nevertheless, that in case His Majesty shall, by any Order to be for that Purpose issued through One of his Principal Secretaries of State, grant to any such Consul General or Consul as aforesaid Leave of Absence from the Place to which he may be so appointed as aforesaid, such Consul General or Consul shall be entitled to receive the whole, or such Part as to His Majesty

shall

Purchaser not, accountable for loss, Sec. of Purchase Money.

1 G.4. c.I.

His Majesty may grant Salaries to Consuls.

Terms on which

Salaries

granted.

Leave of Absence.

508

6° GEO. IV.

Salaries to be in lieu of Salaries and Fees formerly paid.

What Fees only Consuls may take.

Fees allowed as m Tables A. and B. annexed.

Consuls demanding more Fees than specified in Schedule or specified in any Order in Council.

First Offence.

C. 87.

A.D. 1825.

shall seem meet, of the Salary accruing due and payable during and in respect of such Period of Absence as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Salaries so to be granted by His Majesty as aforesaid shall be taken and received by the said Consuls General and Consuls in lieu of and as a Compensation for all Salaries heretofore granted to them or any of them, and all Fees of Office and Gratuities heretofore demanded, received or taken by them of or from the Masters or Commanders of British Ships and Vessels, or of or from any other Persons or Person, for or in respect of any Duties or Services by such Consuls General or Consuls done, performed or rendered, for or to any such Masters or Commanders, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and that no such Consuls General or Consuls as aforesaid shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be entitled for or by reason or on account of any Act, Matter or Thing by him done or performed in the Execution of such his Office, or for or on account of any Service by him rendered to any Masters or Commanders of British Ships or Vessels, or to any other Person or Persons, in the Execution of such his Office, to ask, demand, have, receive or take any Fees, llecompence, Gratuity, Compensation or Reward, or any Sum or Sums of Money, save as hereinafter is excepted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Consuls General and Consuls appointed by His Majesty, and resident within the Dominions of any Sovereign, or any Foreign State or Power in Amity with His Majesty, to accept, take and receive the several Fees particularly mentioned in the Tables to this present Act annexed, marked with the Letters (A.) and (B.), for and in respect or on account of the several Matters and Things, and official Acts and Deeds particularly mentioned in the said Schedules; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders to be by him made, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, from time to time, as Occasion may require, to increase or diminish, or wholly to abolish, all or any of the Fees aforesaid, and to establish and authorize the Payment of any greater or smaller, or new or additional Fees or Fee, for or in respect of the several Matters and Things, mentioned in the said Schedules or any of them, or for or in respect of any other Matters or Things, or Matter or Thing to be by any such Consul General or Consul done or performed in the Execution of such his Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Consul General or Consul, appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, shall, by himself or Deputy, or by any Person authorized thereto in his Behalf, ask, demand, receive, take or accept, for or by reason or on account of any Matter or Thing by him done or performed in the Execution of such his Office, or for or on account or under pretence or by reason of any Service or Duty by him rendered, done or performed in such his Office for any Person or Persons whomsoever, any other or greater Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Gift or Remuneration than is mentioned and specified in the said Schedule, or than shall be sanctioned and specified in or by any such Older or Orders in Council as aforesaid, the Person or

Persons

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 87.

509

Persons so offending shall forfeit and become liable to pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any Sum of Sterling British Money, not exceeding the Amount of the Salary of such Person for One Year, nor less than the Twelfth Part of such annual Salary, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Penalty may be recovered, and shall moreover upon a Second Conviction for any such Offence forfeit such his Office, and for ever after become incapable of serving His Majesty in the same or the like Capacity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a printed Copy of the Tables of Fees allowed by this Act, or which may or shall be sanctioned or allowed by any Order to be made in pursuance of this Act, by His Majesty in Council, shall be exhibited in a conspicuous Manner, for the Inspection of all Persons, in the Custom House in the Port of London, and in all other Custom Houses in the several Ports and Harbours of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that printed Copies thereof shall, by the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in all such Ports and Harbours as aforesaid, be delivered gratuitously, and without Fee or Reward, to every Master or Commander of any Ship and Vessel clearing out of any such Port or Harbour, and demanding a Copy thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of the said Schedule or Table of Fees to this present Act annexed, or which may be established and authorized by any such Order or Orders in Council as aforesaid, shall be hung up and exhibited in a conspicuous Place in the Public Offices of all Consuls General or Consuls appointed by His Majesty, in the Foreign Ports or Places to which they may be so appointed, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein; and any Consul General or Consul omitting or neglecting to exhibit any such Copy of the said Schedules in such his Public Office, or refusing to permit the same to be inspected by any Person or Persons interested therein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of British Sterling Money not exceeding One Half the Amount of the Salary of such Person for One Year, nor less than the Twelfth Part of such annual Salary, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Penalty may be recovered.

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should ' be enabled to grant to the said Consuls General and Consuls, appointed as aforesaid, Allowances in the Nature of Superannuation £ or Reward for meritorious Public Services Be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations Restrictions, Conditions and Forfeitures contained and declared in an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances should be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the granting and pay ing of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances; and in another Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty, for directing that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances shall be annually laid before Parliament;

Penalty.

Second Offence.

Incapacity.

Tables of Fees to be exhibited at Custom Houses in the different Ports,

printed Copies delivered without Fees.

The like at

Consuls '

Offices.

Consul not exhibiting Copy.

Penalty.

Allowances in the Nature of Superannuation.

50 G. 5. c. 117.

3 G.4. c.l IS.

C. 87.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

5 G.4. c. 104.

Allowances to Consuls during War to be such as His Majesty in Council shall direct.

Proviso.

Provision for Support of Churches, &c.

liament, and for regulating and controlling the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances; and in another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, respecting Superannuation Allowances, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the said Consuls General and Consuls, so far as such Clauses, Provisoes, Rules; Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, can be applied to the Cases of such several Persons respectivel} ', as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time happen that by reason of any War which may hereafter arise between His Majesty and any Sovereign, or Foreign State or Power, within the Dominions of whom any such Consul General or Consul as aforesaid shall be appointed to reside, he shall be prevented from residing, and shall in fact cease to reside at the Place to which he may be so appointed, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to grant to any such Consul General or Consul, who may have served His Majesty in that Capacity for any Period not less than Three Years nor more than Ten Years next preceding the Commencement of any such War as aforesaid, a special Allowance not exceeding the Proportion of their respective Salaries to which such Consuls General and Consuls would be entitled under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in case the Period of their respective Service had exceeded Ten Years and had not exceeded Fifteen Years: Provided always, that in case any such Consul General or Consul shall have served in such his Office for the Space of Ten Years and more, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any such Order in Council as aforesaid, to grant to him or them such a Proportion of his or their respective Salaries which by the said recited Act is authorized to be granted as a Superannuation Allowance, according to the several Periods of Service exceeding Ten Years, in the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

X. And Whereas Churches and Chapels for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, or of the Church of Scotland, have been erected, and proper Grounds have been appropriated and set apart for the Interment of the Dead, in divers Foreign Ports and Places, and Chaplains have been appointed for the Performance of Divine Service in the said Churches and Chapels, and are now resident in such Foreign Ports and Places; and it is expedient to afford Encouragement for the Support of the Churches and Chapels so erected as aforesaid, and to promote the Erection of other Churches and Chapels in Foreign Ports and Places to which His Majesty's Subjects may resort, and wherein they may be resident in considerable Numbers, for the Purposes of Trade or otherwise; Be it therefore enacted, That at any Foreign Port or Place in which a Chaplain is now, or shall at any future Time be, resident and regularly employed in the Celebration of Divine Service,

according

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 87.

511

according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, or of the Church of Scotland, and maintained by any voluntary Subscription or Rate, levied among or upon His Majesty's Subjects resorting to or residing at such Foreign Port or Place, or by any Rate or Duty levied under the Authority of any of the Acts hereinafter repealed, it shall and may be lawful for any Consul General or Consul, in obedience to any Order for that Purpose issued by His Majesty through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, to advance and pay from time to time, for and towards the Maintenance and Support of any such Chaplain as aforesaid, or for and towards defraying the Expences incident to the due Celebration of Divine Service in any such Churches and Chapels, or for and towards the maintaining any such Burial Grounds as aforesaid, or for and towards the Interment of any of His Majesty's Subjects in any such Burial Grounds, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in any One Year the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money, which during that Year may have been raised at such Port or Place for the said several Purposes or any of them, by any such voluntary Subscription or Rate as aforesaid; and every such Consul General or Consul shall, once in each Year, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State an Account, made up to the Thirty first Day of December in the Year next preceding, of all the Sums of Money actually raised at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, for the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, by any such voluntary Subscription or Rate as aforesaid, and of all Sums of Money by him actually paid and expended for such Purposes, or any of them, in obedience to any such Orders as aforesaid, and which Accounts shall by such Principal Secretary of State be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, who shall give to any such Consul General or Consul as aforesaid Credit for all Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount aforesaid, by them disbursed and expended in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, for the Purposes before mentioned or any of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of His Majesty's Subjects shall by voluntary Subscriptions among themselves raise and contribute such a Sum of Money as shall be requisite for defraying One Half Part of the Expence of erecting, purchasing or hiring any Church or Chapel or Building, to be appropriated for the^Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, or of the Church of Scotland, or for defraying One Half Part of the Expence of erecting, purchasing or hiring any Building to be used as a Hospital for the Reception of His Majesty's \ Subjects, or for defraying One Half of the Expence of purchasing or hiring any Ground to be used as a Place of Interment for His Majesty's Subjects at any Foreign Port or Place wherein any Consul General or Consul appointed by His Majesty shall be resident, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Consul General or Consul, in obedience to any Order to be for that Purpose issued by His Majesty through One of

in Foreign Places where Chaplain appointed; Consuls may advance a Sum equal to Amount subscribed.

Consuls to transmit to Secretary of State Annual Accounts of Money raised.

Where voluntary Contributions towards erecting Churches, Hospitals, or providing Burial Grounds, in any Place where Consuls are resident, such Consuls may advance a Sum equal to Amount of such Contributions.

512

C. 87.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Annual Accounts transmitted to Secretary of State.

His Majesty's Approbation to be first obtained.

Proviso as to an actual Disbursement of Money by Consul.

His Principal Secretaries of State, to advance and pay, for and towards the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole in any One Year the Amount of the Money raised in that Year by any such voluntary Contribution as aforesaid; and every such Consul General or Consul as aforesaid shall in like Manner once in every Year transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State an Account, made up to the Thirty first Day of December in the Year next preceding, of all the Sums of Money actually raised at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, for the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, by any such voluntary Subscription as aforesaid, and of all Sums of Money by him actually paid and expended for such Purposes or any of them, in obedience to any such Orders as aforesaid, and which Accounts shall by such Principal Secretary of State be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, who shall give to such Consuls General or Consuls Credit for all Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount aforesaid, by him disbursed and expended in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, for the Purposes before mentioned or any of them.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Order shall be issued as aforesaid through any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, authorizing the Expenditure of Money for the Erection, Purchase or Hiring of any such new Church or Chapel or Hospital as aforesaid, or for the Purchase or Hiring of any such new Burial Ground as aforesaid, unless and until such Consul General or Consul shall first have transmitted to His Majesty ', through One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Plan of such intended Church or Chapel, Hospital or Burial Ground, with an Estimate, upon the Oath of some One or more competent Person or Persons, stating the probable Expence of and incident to the Erection, Purchase or Hiring of any such Church, Chapel, Hospital or Burying Ground as aforesaid, and unless and until His Majesty shall have signified, through One of His said Principal Secretaries of State, His Approbation of the said Plan and Estimate: Provided also, that no Money shall actually be disbursed by any such Consul General or Consul as aforesaid, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, unless and until the Money to be raised by any such voluntary Subscription as aforesaid be actually paid up and invested in some public or other sufficient Security, in the joint Names of such Consul General or Consuls and Two Trustees appointed for that Purpose by the Persons subscribing the same, or unless and until Two or more of such Subscribers shall enter into good and sufficient Security to His Majesty, by Bond or otherwise, that the Amount of such Subscriptions shall actually be paid for the Purposes aforesaid, by a certain Day to be specified in every such Bond or Security, and which Bond or Security shall be preserved in the Office of such Consul General or Consul, and shall by him be cancelled and delivered back to the Parties entering into the same, their Heirs, Executors or Adr ministrators, when and so soon as the Condition thereof shall be fully performed and satisfied.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 87. 513

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the whole Salaries to Salary of any Chaplain heretofore appointed or to be appointed Chaplains not to officiate in any such Church or Chapel in any Foreign Port i^re^men^* or Place in Europe, shall not exceed in the Whole Five hundred t; one(j.

Pounds by the Year, or in any Foreign Port or Place not in Europe,

Eight hundred Pounds by the Year: Provided also, that all such Chaplains shall be appointed to officiate as aforesaid, by His Majesty, through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, and shall hold such their Offices for and during His Majesty's Pleasure, and no longer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Consuls General Regulations and Consuls appointed by His Majesty to reside and being resi- for Meet, ngs of dent at any Foreign Port or Place wherein any such Church or tou(^c^.c^ Chapel, or other Place appropriated for the Celebration of Divine chapels, &c. Worship, or Hospital, or any such Burial Ground as aforesaid,

hath heretofore been or shall hereafter be erected, purchased or hired, by the Aid of any voluntary Subscription or Rates collected by or imposed upon His Majesty's Subjects, or some Person or Persons for that Purpose duly authorized by any Writing under the Hand and Seal of any such Consul General or Consul, shall, once at the least in every Year and more frequently if Occasion shall require, by public Advertisement, or in such other Manner as may be best adapted for insuring Publicity, convene and summon a Meeting of ail His Majesty's Subjects residing at such Foreign Port or Place as aforesaid, to be holden at the Public Office of such Consul General or Consul, at some Time, not more than Fourteen Days nor less than Seven Days next after the Publication of any such Summons; and it shall and may be lawful for all His Majesty's Subjects residing or being at any such Foreign Port or Place as aforesaid, at the Time of any such Meeting, and who shall have subscribed any Sum or Sums of Money not less than Twenty Pounds in the Whole, nor less than Three Pounds by the Year, for or towards the Purposes before mentioned or any of them, and have paid up the Amount of such their Subscriptions, to be present and vote at any such Meetings; and such Consuls General or Consuls shall preside at all such Meetings; and in the Event of the Absence of any such Consuls General or Consuls, the Subscribers present at any such Meeting shall, before proceeding to the Despatch of Business, nominate one of their Number to preside at such Meeting; and all Questions proposed by the Consul General, Consul or Person so nominated as aforesaid to preside in his Absence, to any such Meeting, shall be decided by the Votes of the Majority in Number of the Persons attending and being present thereat; and in the Event of the Number of such Votes being equally divided, the Consul General,

Consul or Person so presiding in his Absence, shall give a casting Vote.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- General Meetful for any such General Meeting as aforesaid to make and ingsmayesta-establish, and from time to time, as Occasion may require, to bllsb Rules *or revoke, alter and render such General Rules, Orders and Regu- Qm r che &e°* lations, as may appear to them to be necessary for the due and subject to' Sane-proper Use and Management of such Churches, Chapels, Ilospi- tion of Consul, tals and Burial Grounds as aforesaid, or for the proper Controul who shall trans-

6 Geo. IV. L 1 over mit same for

514

C.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

His Majesty's Approbation.

His Majesty's Order thereon to be recorded in Consul's Office.

8 G. 1. c. 17.

9G.2. c. 25.

J0G.2. c. 14.

54 G.3. c. 126.

repealed. Application of Duties raised

over and Expenditure of the Money raised by any such Subscription as aforesaid, or otherwise in relation to the Matters aforesaid, as may be necessary for carrying into Execution the Objects of this Act, so far as relates to those Matters, or any of them: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order or Regulation as aforesaid shall be of any Force or Effect, unless or until the same shall be sanctioned and approved by the Consul General or Consul for the Time being, appointed by His Majesty to reside and actually resident at such Foreign Port or Place; and provided also, that the same shall, by such Consul General or Consul, be transmitted by the first convenient Opportunity for His Majesty's Approbation; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order to be by him issued through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, either to confirm or disallow any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, either in the Whole or in Part, and to make such Amendments and Alterations in or Additions to the same, or any of them, as to His Majesty shall seem meet, or to suspend for any Period of Time the Execution thereof, or any of them, or otherwise to direct or prevent the Execution thereof, or any of them, in such Manner as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and all Orders so to be issued by His Majesty, in relation to the Matters aforesaid, through One of His Principal Secretaries of State, shall be recorded in the Office of the said Consul General or Consul at the Foreign Port or Place to which the same may refer, and shall be of full Force, Effect and Authority upon and over all His Majesty's Subjects there resident.

i XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that the several Acts of c Parliament hereinafter mentioned should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for more equal paying and better collecting certain small Sums therein mentioned, for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Persons (His Majesty's Subjects) in the Kingdom of Portugal, and for other pious and charitable Purposes usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to Portugal; and a certain other Act, made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more equal paying and better collecting certain small Sums for Relief of shij. wrecked Mariners and distressed Persons (His Majesty's Subjects) in the Port of Cadiz and Port of Saint Mary's, in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other Uses usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports; and a certain other Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Second, intituled An Act for collecting at the Port of Leghorn certain small Sums of Money to which the Merchants trading there have usually contributed for the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, Captives and other distressed Persons (His Majesty's Subjects), and for other charitable and public Uses; and a certain other Act, made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for altering and extending the said recited Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be in and remain in the Hands of any

Collector

A.E). 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C-87. 515

Collector or Treasurer or other Person, arising from any Duties under recited leviable under the several Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, Acts, and which shall not have been applied to the Purposes or in Manner directed by the said Acts respectively, shall by such Collector, Treasurer or other Person be paid over to the Consul General or Consul at the Port or Place where the same shall have been received; and all and every such Sums and Sum which, shall be so paid to and received by any such Consul General or Consul, and all other Arrears of Money arising from any such Duties which shall be in the Hands of any such Consul General or Consul, shall be paid, applied and disposed of in such Manner, and to and for such Public Purposes as shall be directed by any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Consuls General Consuls to have and Consuls shall be allowed and have Credit in any Accounts Credit for by them rendered, through One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commis- wreclced^nd^" sioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the ^united Kingdom of Great distressed Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, for all such Sums of Persons.

Money as shall by any such Consul General or Consul be disbursed and expended towards the Succour and Relief of Mariners shipwrecked and taken in War, or other distressed Persons being Subjects of His Majesty, and resorting to the Port or Place at which any such Consul General or Consul may be appointed to reside: Provided always, that such Sums of Money be so dis- Account of Ex-bursed and expended in pursuance of and in conformity to any e

Special or General Rules and Regulations to be for that Purpose made and prescribed by His Majesty, by any Order or Orders to be by Him for that Purpose issued, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, and that an Account of the Particulars of all such Expenditure shall by the first convenient Opportunity be transmitted by such Consul General or Consul for His Majesty's Information, through One of His Principal Secretaries of State.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within Six Weeks next Accounts and after the Commencement of each Session of Parliament there Estimates to be shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament Copies of all Or- ^id before ders which may have been made, since the Commencement of the ar laraent* last preceding Session of Parliament, by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, in pursuance of this Act, together with an Account of all Salaries which, since the Commencement of such next preceding Session of Parliament, may have been granted by His Majesty to any Consuls General or Consuls, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, together with an Estimate specifying the total Amount of the Money to be required for the Payment of the Salaries of all such Consuls General or Consuls respectively, for One Year from the Fifth Day of January preceding the Date of such Estimate, and also for all contingent Charges and Expences connected with the Public Duties and Establishments of such Consuls General or Consuls, after deducting the Amount provided on account of the Payment of such Consuls General or Consuls out of the Money applicable under the Third Class of His Majesty's Civil List, as specified in the Schedule annexed to an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and I G.4. c.l.

L 1 2 for

516

6° GEO. IV. C. 87.

A.D. 1825.

Oaths may be administered Consuls.

Recovery of Penalties,

Commencement of Act,

for the Honour and Dignity of the Croxun of the United Kingdom of Great Britaia and Ireland.

XX. And Whereas it is expedient that every Consul General e or Consul appointed by His Majesty at any Foreign Port or i Place should in all Cases have the Power of administering an c Oath or Affirmation whenever the same shall be required, and should also have Power to do all such notarial Acts as any £ Notary Public may do Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any and every Consul General or Consul appointed by His Majesty at any Foreign Port and Place, whenever he shall be thereto required, and whenever he shall see necessary, to administer at such Foreign Port or Place any Oath, or take any Affidavit or Affirmation from any Person or Persons whomsoever, and also to do and perform at such Foreign Port or Place all and every notarial Acts or Act which any Notary Public could or might be required and is by Law%mpowered to do within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and every such Oath, Affidavit or Affirmation, and every such notarial Act, administered, sworn, affirmed, had or done by or before such Consul General or Consul, shall be as good, valid and effectual, and shall be of like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if any such Oath, Affidavit or Affirmation, or notarial Act respectively, had been administered, sworn, affirmed, had or done before any Justice of the Peace or Notary Public in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or before any other legal or Competent Authority of the like Nature.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties incurred under or imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by any Person or Persons who may sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Matters and Things herein contained, shall take Effect from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, except where any other Commencement is particularly directed.

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

Certificate of due landing of Goods, exported from

the United Kingdom - - 2 Dollars.

Signature of Ship's Manifest - - 2 Dollars.

Certificate of Origin, when required - - 2 Dollars.

Bill of Health, when required - 2 Dollars.

Signature of Muster Roll, when required - 2 Dollars.

Attestation of a Signature, when required - 1 Dollar.

Administering an Oath, when required - - J Dollar.

Seal of Office, and Signature of any other Document not specified herein, when required - 1 Dollar.

TABLE

A.D. 1825.

C. 87, 88.

517

6° GEO. IV.

TABLE (B.)

Bottomry or Arbitration Bond - 2 Dollars.

Noting a Protest - - 1 Dollar.

Order of Survey - - 2 Dollars.

Extending a Protest or Survey - 1 Dollar.

Registrations - 1 Dollar.

Visa of Passport - £ Dollar.

Valuation of Goods - 1 per Cent.

Attending Sales, per Cent, where there has been a Charge for valuing; otherwise per Cent.

Attendance out of Consular Office at a Shipwreck, Five Dollars per Diem for his personal Expences, over and above his travelling Expences.

Do. - - on opening a Will - - 5 Dollars.

Management of Property of British Subjects dying

Intestate - 2J per Cent.

The Dollars mentioned in the preceding Tables are in all Cases to be paid by the Delivery of Dollars, each of which is to be of the Value of Four Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, and no more, according to the Rate of Exchange prevailing at the Place where such Payment is made.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to make Provision for the Salaries of certain Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Dignitaries and Ministers in the Diocese of Jamaica, and in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands; and to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to such Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS His Majesty by His several Royal Letters Patent has been graciously pleased to direct and appoint that the Island of Jamaica, the Bahama Islands and the Settlements in the Bay of Honduras, and their respective Dependencies, should be and become a Bishoprick, and the Diocese and See of a Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland as established by Law, to be called The Bishoprick of Jamaica I and that there should be One Bishop of the said Diocese, and that there should also be One Archdeacon and Seven Ministers of the Gospel in and for the said Diocese; and in like Manner that the Islands of Barbadoes, Grenada, Saint Vincent's, Dominica, Antigua and Mountserrat, Saint Christophers, Nevis and the Virgin Islands, Trinidad, Tobago and Saint Lucie, and their respective Dependencies, should be and become a Bishoprick, and the Diocese and See of a Bishop, to 8 be called The Bishoprick of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, ' and that there shall be One Bishop of the said last mentioned Diocese, and that there should also be One Archdeacon in and for the Island of Barbadoes, and One Archdeacon in and for the Island of Antigua, and that there should be Thirteen Ministers of the Gospel and Three Catechists within the said last mentioned Diocese; and it is expedient that Provision should be

Letters Patent appointing* Bishops, Archdeacons and Ministers for the Dioceses of Jamaica, and of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

518

C. 88.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Salaries to be payable to Bishops, &c.

Bishops.

Archdeacons.

Ministers.

Catechists.

Tax free.

Treasury may issue Money out of Consolidated Fund, to provide for Payment of said Salaries.

His Majesty empowered to grant Annuities to Bishops retiring after Ten Years.

made for the Payment of yearly Salaries to such Bishops, Archdeacons, Ministers and Catechists respectively, and also to enable His Majesty to grant to such Bishops respectively yearly Pensions or Annuities on their retiring from their Dioceses; ' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Persons who shall from time to time exercise and enjoy the several Dignities and Offices hereinafter mentioned, under or by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent or Authority, shall receive the several Salaries or annual Sums hereinafter respectively specified and set forth; that is to say, the Bishop of the Diocese of Jamaica, and the Bishop of the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, in the West Indies, the Salary or annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds each, of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; the Archdeacon of the Island of Jamaica, and the Archdeacon of the Island of Barbadoes, and the Archdeacon of the Island of Antigua, the Salary or annual Sum of Two thousand Pounds each, of the like lawful Money; the Seven Ministers of the Gospel in the Diocese of Jamaica, and the Thirteen Ministers of the Gospel in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, the Salary or annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds each, of the like lawful Money; the Three Catechists in the said Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, the Salary or annual Sum of One hundred Pounds each, of the like lawful Money; and that all the said several Salaries and annual Sums shall be paid and payable free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to direct the proper Officer of the Exchequer to issue and pay, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to such Person or Persons as may be appointed to receive the same, all and every such Sums and Sum of Money as may from time to time be necessary for the Payment of all or any of the several Salaries or annual Sums made payable by this Act, which may have accrued respectively at any Time before the passing of this Act, or which may from time to time accrue and become due and payable at any Time after the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall execute the Office of Bishop of the Diocese of Jamaica, or the Office of Bishop of the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leexvard Islands respectively, and who shall resign the same respectively, an Annuity

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 88. 519

nuity or yearly Sura of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds to any such Bishop respectively, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Period whenever the Person to whom such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted shall resign or shall have resigned the said Offices respectively, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom such Annuity shall be granted as aforesaid; and such Annuity or yearly Sum shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consoli7 dated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, next in order of Payment to and after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall and may be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund; and such Annuity or yearly Sum shall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions, the First Payment to be made on such of the said Days as shall happen next after such Resignation as aforesaid of the said Office: Provided always, that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money granted to any Person having executed either of the said Offices respectively, shall be valid, unless such Persons shall have continued in the said Office for the Period of Ten Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office of Bishop, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

4IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Charge to be created by the Salaries or Pensions which may from time to time be payable under the Authority of this Act to the Bishops, Archdeacons, Ministers or Catechists appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, should be charged upon the Duties of Four and a Half per Centum payable to His Majesty in the West Indies, whenever the said Duties, after Payment of the prior Charges thereon, shall afford the Means of defraying the Whole or any Part of such Salaries or Pensions Be it therefore enacted, That the said Salaries and Pensions shall become and be a Charge upon the said Duties of Four and a Half per Centum next in Priority after the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors and other public Officers, payable out of those Duties after the Termination of any other Charges now existing thereupon, and that any and every Surplus which shall at any Time arise out of the Produce of those Duties after defraying all such other Charges now existing thereupon, or b}^ reason of the Cessation of any of those Charges, shall go and be applied in the first Instance to defray the Charges of the Salaries and Pensions to be granted under the Authority of this Act accordingly.

payable quarterly, Tax free.

Proviso.

Salaries and Pensions to be a Charge on the Four and a Half per Cent. Duties.

520 C. 89. 6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Letters Patent 25 Car.2. and 29 Car.2.

Treasury may agree for Purchase of Fees, &c. of certain Offices in Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas by Annuities.

Annuities to be paid to Persons entitled to such Fees, &c.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Office of Receiver and Comptroller of the Seal of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, dated the Thirtieth Day of April in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, the Office of Receiver General and Comptroller of the Seal of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas was (after certain Estates Tail since determined) granted to Henry Ear] of Euston, afterwards Duke of Grafton, in Tail Male: And Whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England,

dated the Fourteenth Day of December in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, the Office of Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas was (after the Determination of Grants for Lives then subsisting) granted to certain Persons therein named, and their Heirs and Assigns, in trust for the then Earl and Countess of Litchfield, and for the Issue of the Countess in Tail: And Whereas the said Offices are now held by Persons entitled thereto under the said Grants; and it is expedient, with a View to certain Arrangements now in contemplation, that the Right, Title and Interest of the Persons now in the Possession of the said Offices, and entitled to the Receipts and Profits thereof, as well as the Right, Title and Interest of all Persons hereafter claiming or becoming entitled to claim under the said Grants, should be purchased Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now and for the Time being, to treat, contract and agree with the several Persons beneficially entitled to the Fees, Receipts and Profits of the said Offices, for the Purchase of all the Rights, Profits, Privileges and Advantages whatever belonging thereto, for such Annuity or Annuities, to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, shall think fit; and from and after the Confirmation of the said Agreement by Parliament, the Rights and Interests of all Persons whatsoever, claiming or entitled to claim under the said recited Letters Patent, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or Annuities so to be granted shall go and be paid from time to time to such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the Fees, Profits and Advantages of the said Offices respectively under the said Letters Patent, in case this Act had not been passed.

6° GEO. IV. C. 90.

521

A.D. 1825.

CAP. XC.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding or who have held certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding or tvho have held certain high and efficient Civil Offices, it was en-< acted that it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Pensions, under the Limitations and Regulations therein prescribed, to Persons holding or having holden certain high and effective Civil Offices; which Offices were in the said Act specified in Four several Clauses: And Whereas ' it is expedient that the Offices hereinafter mentioned should 1 be included in the Provisions of the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and the Office of President of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, shall be deemed to be comprized in the First Class of Offices specified in the said recited Act; and that the Office of Vice President of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, shall be deemed to be comprized in the Third Class of Offices specified in the said recited Act; and that the Office of Chief Secretary to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India shall be deemed to be comprized in the Fourth Class of Offices specified in the said recited Act; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant to Persons who shall have served the Crown in the Offices hereinbefore enumerated respectively, such Pensions respectively as might have been granted to them respectively under the said recited Act, if the several Offices hereinbefore enumerated had been specifically named in the said recited Act, and had been thereby respectively placed in the Classes hereby assigned to them; and that all the Limitations, Conditions, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, shall be construed so as to give full Force and Effect to the Intents and Purposes as well of this Act as of the said recited Act.

57 G. 3. c. 65. § 4.

What Officers deemed comprized in 1st Class of Offices of the said Act.

3d Class. 4th Class.

522 C. 91. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, as relates to the restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices in the said Act mentioned; and for conferring additional Powers upon His Majesty, with respect to the granting of Charters of Incorporation to trading and other Companies.

[5th July 1825.]

[6 G.1. c. 18.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty, by Two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned,

[§ 18.]

it was enacted, that after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, all and every the Undertakings and Attempts in the said Act described, and all other Public Undertakings and Attempts, tending to the Common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of His Majesty's Subjects, or great Numbers of them, in their Trade, Commerce and other lawful Affairs; and all Public Subscriptions, Receipts, Payments, Assignments, Transfers, pretended Assignments and Transfers, and all other Matters and Things whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any such Undertaking or Attempt; and more particularly the acting or presuming to act as a Corporate Body or Bodies; the raising or pretending to raise transferrable Stock or Stocks; the transferring or pretending to transfer or assign any Share or Shares in such Stock or Stocks, without Leave or Authority, either by Act of Parliament or by any Charter from the Crown, to warrant such acting as a Body Corporate, or to raise such transferrable Stock or Stocks, or to transfer Shares therein; and all acting or pretending to act under any Charter formerly granted from the Crown, for particular or special Purposes therein expressed, by Persons who should use or endeavour to use the same Charters for raising a Capital Stock, or for making Transfers or Assignments, or pretended Transfer or Assignment of such Stock, not intended or designed by such Charter to be raised or transferred; and all acting or pretending to act under any obsolete Charter become void or voidable by Nonuser or Abuser, or for want of making lawful Elections, which were necessary to continue the Corporation thereby intended, should (as to all or any such Acts, Matters and Things as should be acted, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the said Four and twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty) for ever be deemed to be illegal and void, and should not be practised or in any wise put into Execution:

[§ 19.]

And it was further enacted, that from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, all such unlawful Undertakings and Attempts so tending to the common Grievance, Prejudice and

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 91. 523

Inconvenience of His Majesty's Subjects, or a great Number of them in their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, and the making or taking of any Subscriptions for that Purpose; the receiving or paying of any Money upon such Subscriptions; the making or accepting of any Assignment or Transfer, or pretended Assignment or Transfer, of any Share or Shares upon any such Subscription, and all and every other Matter and Thing whatsoever for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt; and more particularly the presuming or pretending to act as a Corporate Body, or to raise a transferable Stock or Stocks, or to make Transfers or Assignments of any Share or Shares therein, without legal Authority as aforesaid; and all acting or pretending to act under any Charter formerly granted from the Crown, for any particular or special Purposes therein expressed, by Persons making or endeavouring to make use of such Charter for any such other Purpose not thereby intended; and all acting or pretending to act under any such obsolete Charter as was therein before described, and every One of them (as to all or any such Acts, Matters or Things as should be so acted, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the said Four and twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty) should be deemed to be a public Nuisance and Nuisances; and the same, and all Causes, Matters and Things relating thereto, and every of them, should for ever thereafter be examined, heard, tried and determined as common Nuisances were to be examined heard, tried and determined by or according to the Laws of this Realm; and all Offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Information or Indictment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Edinburgh, or in Dublin, should be liable to such Fines, Penalties and Punishments whereunto Persons convicted for common and public Nuisances were by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm subject and liable, and moreover should incur and sustain any further Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as were ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Praemunire made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second:

[§ 20.]

And it was further enacted, that if any Merchant or Trader, at any Time after the said Four and twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, should suffer any particular Damage in his, her or their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, by Occasion or Means of any Undertaking or Attempt, Matter or Thing, by that Act declared to be unlawful as aforesaid, and would sue to be relieved therein, then and in every such Case, such Merchant or Trader should have his, her or their Remedy, for the same, by an Action or Actions to be grounded upon that Statute, against the Persons, Societies, Partnerships or any of them, who, contrary to that Act, should be engaged or interested in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt; and every such Action and Actions should be heard and determined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record aforesaid, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance should be granted or allowed; and in every such Action the Plaintiff should recover Treble Damages, with full Costs of Suit; And it was

254. C. 91, 92. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C. 91, 92.

further enacted, that if any Broker or Person acting as a Broker, for himself or in behalf of any others, at any Time or Times after the Four and twentieth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty, should bargain, sell, buy or purchase, or contract or agree for the bargaining, selling, buying or purchasing of any Share or Interest of any of the Undertakings by that Act declared to be unlawful, or in any Stock or pretended Stock of such Undertakers, that then and in every such Case every such Broker or Person acting as such, should not only be disabled and rendered incapable to be or act as a Broker in future, and should also forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of any Person who would inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's said Courts of Record as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act as is above set forth should be repealed; and that the said several Undertakings, Attempts, Practices, Acts, Matters and Things aforesaid, should be adjudged and dealt with in like Manner as the same might have been adjudged and dealt with according to the Common Law, notwithstanding the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act,

[repealed.]

so much of the said recited Act as is above set forth shall be and the same is hereby repealed:

[Provision for Suits now pending.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any Action or Suit now depending in any Court of Law or Equity; but that every such Action or Suit shall and may be proceeded in, prosecuted, defended and determined, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

[Members of Corporations incorporated by Charter to be individually liable.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in any Charter hereafter to be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Incorporation of any Company or Body of Persons, it shall and may be lawful, in and by such Charter, to declare and provide, that the Members of such Corporation shall be individually liable, in their Persons and Property, for the Debts, Contracts and Engagements of such Corporation, to such Extent, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may deem fit and proper, and as shall be declared and limited in and by such Charter; and the Members of such Corporation shall thereby be rendered so liable accordingly.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns have not usually been published.

[5th July 1825.]

[26 G.2. c. 33.]

WHEREAS since the making of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Clandestine Marriages, and since the making of an Act passed

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 92.

in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published, before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for better preventing Clandestine Marriagesdivers Churches and Chapels have been erected and built within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have been solemnized therein since the passing of the said last mentioned Act; but by reason that in such Churches and Chapels Banns of Matrimony had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing the said first mentioned Act,

nor any Authority obtained for solemnizing Marriages therein under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, such Marriages have been or may be deemed to be void May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages already solemnized in any Church or Public Chapel in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, erected since the making of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in Parish Churches or Public Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banns had usually been published, before or at the Time of passing the said first mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Marriages to be in future solemnized in all Churches and Chapels erected since the passing of the said Act in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, in which Churches and Chapels it has been customary and usual before the passing of this Act to solemnize Marriages; and all Marriages hereinafter solemnized therein shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in Parish Churches or Public Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banns had usually been published before or at the Time of passing the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of Marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said Churches or Chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as the Registers of Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or Public Chapels in which Banns were usually published before or at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence: Provided

nevertheless,

525

44 G. 3. c. 7 7.

4 G.4. c. 76.

In what Case Marriages herein mentioned good in Law.

Marriages in future solemnized in such Churches, &c. valid.

Registers of \ such Marriages Evidence.

Proviso as to Evidence.

526

C. 92, 93.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Registers of Marriages solemnized in Chapels where Banns had not been usually published before 26 G. 2. to be removed to Parish Church.

Letters Patent to enable the Judge to hear Causes, &c. in Chancery.

nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same Objections shall be available to the receiving such Registers or Copies as Evidence as would have been available to receiving the same as Evidence if such Registers or Copies had related to Marriages solemnized in such last mentioned Parish Churches or Public Chapels as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages solemnized in any such Public Chapel where Banns had not been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, which Marriages are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, be removed to the Parish Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall be situated; and in case such Chapel Shall be situated in an Extra-parochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such Extraparochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Parish Registers are directed to be kept by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second.

CAP. XCIII. An Act to render valid certain Decrees and Orders at the Rolls Court.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by divers Letters Patent' under the Great Seal

W of Great Britain, made and issued during the Reign of i His late Majesty King George the Third, and also since the ' Decease of His said late Majesty, certain of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of

the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and others e associated with them, have been assigned, and Power has been ' given to a certain Number of them, in the Absence of the Lord 1 Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the Time being of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, to hear and examine all Matters, Causes and Petitions whatsoever depending in the King's Chancery, between His Majesty's liege Subjects or others whomsoever, and the same

finally to determine, and to cause due Execution to be done ' thereupon: And Whereas such Commissions were founded

upon ancient and continued Usage: And Whereas divers of the c Justices and others assigned by the said Commissioners to hear and determine the Matters, Causes and Petitions aforesaid, ' have, in conformity with the Practices and Usages of their Predecessors in similar Commissions, upon various Occasions sat at i the Rolls Court during the Illness or Absence of the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, and heard and examined and

determined divers Matters, Causes and Petitions depending in

the King's said Chancery, and set down to be heard at the said

Rolls Court: And Whereas it hath been doubted whether such Justices and others had Power under such Commissions as

aforesaid to hear, examine and determine any of the Matters, f Causes and Petitions aforesaid; but it is expedient that all Acts ' done in the supposed Exercise of the Powers aforesaid should

be

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 93, 94.

527

be confirmed: And Whereas the Name of the late Chief Baron c Richards was included in the several Commissions which issued

as aforesaid whilst he was a Puisne Baron of the Court of Ex-c chequer, but when he was appointed Chief Baron of that Court, ' his Name was omitted in all subsequent Commissions, according

to ancient Usage; but nevertheless the said Chief Baron c Richards, after his Name had been so omitted in such Commis-6 sions as aforesaid, heard, examined and determined divers 6 Matters, Causes and Petitions at the Rolls, in conjunction with ' certain others of the Persons named in the said Commissions, as 6 if his Name had been still contained in such Commissions; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Decrees, Decretal and other Orders, at any Time during the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or during the Reign of His present Majesty, made and pronounced at the Rolls Court in the Absence of the Master of the Rolls, and all other Acts and Things done at the Court aforesaid, in the supposed Exercise of any of the Powers aforesaid, and all Acts done in the Execution or Performance of any such Decrees or Orders, shall have and be of as great and the like Validity, Effect, Efficacy, Force and Virtue, as] if such Decrees, Decretal and other Orders, and all other Acts and Things had respectively been heard, made, pronounced, determined, done and executed by the Master of the Rolls for the Time being in whose Place or for whom any of such Justices and others sat as aforesaid; and the same shall or may be enforced, executed, enrolled, reheard or appealed from in the same Manner as if they respectively were Decrees or Orders of the Master of the Rolls in whose Time they were pronounced: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to any Decree or Order made or pronounced as aforesaid, where the Cause, Petition, Motion or Matter wherein or whereupon the same was made or pronounced as aforesaid has been actually reheard before the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament, in consequence of the Invalidity of the Decree or Order made or pronounced thereon as aforesaid.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares or Merchandize intrusted to Factors or Agents.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better

Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, tvho may

hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to

Goods, Wares or Merchandize intrusted to Factors or Agents:

And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the said

Act, and to make further Provisions in relation to such Con-

tracts

Decrees, &c. herein mentioned pronounced at the Rolls Court, in the Absence^of the Master of the Rolls to have Validity,

Not to extend to any Decree, Sec. wherein the same has been actually reheard.

4 G.4. c. 855.

C. 94.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Factors or Agents having Goods, &c. in Possession deemed Owners, so as to give Validity to Contracts with Persons dealing bon& fide upon the Faith of such Pro- jj* perty.

Proviso as to Notice,

and as to Bill of Discovery, &c.

Persons in Possession of Bills of Lading, &c. deemed Owner so far as to make valid Contracts.

V1,

i " J/UcaT -0. & vfT.

tracts or Agreements, as hereinafter provided:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passings of this Act, any Person or Persons intrusted, for the Purpose of Consignment or of Sale, with any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and who shall have shipped such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in his, her or their own Name or Names, and any Person or Persons in whose Name or Names any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped by any other Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be the true Owner or Owners thereof, so far as to entitle the Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to a Lien thereon, in respect of any Money or negotiable Security or Securities advanced or given by such Consignee or Consignees to or for the Use of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped, or in respect of any Money or negotiable Security or Securities received by him, her or them, to the Use of such Consignee or Consignees, in the like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person or Persons was or were the true Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize: Provided such Consignee or Consignees shall not have Notice by the Bill of Lading for the Delivery of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize or otherwise, at or before the Time of any Advance of such Money or negotiable Security, or of such Receipt of Money or negotiable Security in respect of which such Lien is claimed, that such Person or Persons so shipping in his, her or their own Name or Names, or in whose Name or Names any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped by any Person or Persons, is or are not the actual and bona fide Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so shipped as aforesaid, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are so shipped as aforesaid, shall be taken, for the Purposes of this Act, to have been intrusted therewith for the Purpose of Consignment or of Sale, unless the contrary thereof shall be made to appear by Bill of Discovery or otherwise, or be made to appear, or be shown in Evidence by any Person disputing such Fact.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, any Person or Persons intrusted with and in Possession of any Bill of Lading, India Warrant, Dock Warrant, Warehouse Keepers' Certificate, Wharfinger's Certificate, Warrant or Order for Delivery of Goods, shall be deemed and taken to be the true Owner or Owners of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize described and mentioned in the said several Documents hereinbefore stated respectively, or either of them, so far as to give Validity to any Contract or Agreement thereafter to be made or entered into by-such Person or Persons so intrusted and in Possession as aforesaid, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale or Disposition of the said Goods,

Wares

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 94.

529

Wares and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, or for the Deposit or Pledge thereof or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Money or negotiable Instrument or Instruments advanced or given by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, upon the Faith of such several Documents or either of them: 'Provided such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall not have Notice by such Documents or either of them or otherwise, that such Person or Persons so intrusted as aforesaid is or are not the actual and bona fide Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so sold or deposited or pledged as aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, after the passing of this Act, accept and take any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in Deposit or Pledge from any such Person or Persons so in Possession and intrusted as aforesaid, without Notice as aforesaid, as a Security for any Debt or Demand due and owing from such Person or Persons so intrusted and in Possession as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the Time of such Deposit or Pledge, then and in that Case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so accepting or taking such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in Deposit or Pledge, shall acquire no further or other Right, Title or Interest in or upon, or to the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any such Document as aforesaid, than was possessed, or could or might have been enforced by the said Person or Persons so possessed and intrusted as aforesaid, at the Time of such Deposit or Pledge as a Security as last aforesaid; but such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so accepting or taking such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in Deposit or Pledge, shall and may acquire, possess and enforce such Right, Title or Interest as was possessed and might have been enforced by such Person or Persons so possessed and intrusted as aforesaid; any Rule of Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contract with any Agent or Agents, intrusted with any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to whom the same may be consigned, for the Purchase of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to receive the same of and pay for the same to such Agent or Agents; and such Contract and Payment shall be binding upon and good against the Owner of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, notwithstanding such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have Notice that the Person or Persons making and entering into such Contract, or on whose Behalf such Contract is made or entered into, is an Agent or Agents: Provided such Contract and Payment be made in the usual and ordinary Course of Business, and that such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall not, when such Contract is entered into or Payment made, have Notice that such Agent or Agents is or are not authorized

6 Geo. IV. M m to

Proviso as to Notice.

No Person to acquire a Secu-] ity upon Goods in the Hands of an Agent for an antecedent Debt, beyond Amount of Agent's Interest in the Goods.

Persons may contract with known Agents in the ordinary Course of Business, or out of that Course if within the Agent's Authority, notwithstanding Notice.

530

What Interest Persons accepting and taking Goods, &c. in Pledge from unknown Agents, may acquire.

Proviso for Right of true Owner to follow his Goods while in the Hands of Agent or his Assignee, in case of Bankruptcy, or to recover them from a Third Person, upon paying his Advances secured upon them.

C. 94. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182&

to sell the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or to receive the said Purchase Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons* Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to accept and take any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any such Document as aforesaid, in Deposit or Pledge from any such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, notwithstanding such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have such Notice as aforesaid, that the Person or Persons making such Deposit or Pledge is or are a Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents; but then and in that Case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall acquire no further or other Right, Title or Interest in or upon or to the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any such Document as aforesaid, for the Delivery thereof, than was possessed or could or might have been enforced by the said Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, at the Time, of such Deposit or Pledge as a Security as last aforesaid; but such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall and may acquire, possess and enforce such Right, Title or Interest as was possessed and might have been enforced by such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, at the Time of such Deposit or Pledge as aforesaid; any Rule or Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed or taken to deprive or prevent the true Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from demanding and recovering the same from his, her or their Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, before the same shall have been so sold, deposited or pledged, or from the Assignee or Assignees of such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, in the Event of his, her or their Bankruptcy; nor to prevent such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, from demanding or recovering of and from any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, the Price or Sum agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to any Right of Setoff on the Part of such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, against such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents; nor to prevent such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, from demanding or recovering of and from such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so deposited or pledged, upon Repayment of the Money, or on Restoration of the negotiable Instrument or Instruments so advanced or given on the Security of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize as aforesaid, by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents; and upon Payment of such further Sum of Money, or on Restoration of such other negotiable Instrument or Instruments (if any) as may have been advanced or given by such Factor or Factors, Agent or Agents, to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or on Payment of a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of such Instrument or Instruments; nor to prevent the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, from recovering of and from

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C, 94.

531

such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Balance or Sum of Money remaining in his, her or their Hands, as the Produce of the Sale of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after deducting thereout the Amount of the Money or negotiable Instrument or Instruments so advanced or given upon the Security thereof as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case of the Bankruptcy of any such Factor or Agent, the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so pledged and redeemed as aforesaid, shall be held to have discharged pro tanto the Debt due by him, her or them to the Estate of such Bankrupt.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient to prevent the improper Deposit or Pledge of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Documents relating to such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, intrusted or consigned as aforesaid to Factors or Agents Be it therefore enacted, That if any such Factor or Agent, at any Time from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall deposit or pledge any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, intrusted or consigned as aforesaid to his or her Care or Management, or any of the said several Documents so possessed or intrusted as aforesaid, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as a Security for any Money or negotiable Instrument or Instruments borrowed or received by such Factor or Agent, and shall apply or dispose thereof to his or her own Use, in violation of good Faith, and with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, every Person so offending, in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be sentenced to Transportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or to receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of a Misdemeanor, and as the Court before whom such Offender may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any Person or Persons to Prosecution, for having deposited or pledged any Goods, Wares or Merchandize so intrusted or consigned to him, her or them, provided the same shall not be made a Security for or subject to the Payment of any greater Sum or Sums of Money than at the Time of such Deposit or Pledge was justly due and owing to such Person or Persons from his, her or their Principal or Principals: Provided nevertheless, that the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange by such Person or Persons drawn by or on account of such Principal or Principals, shall not be considered as constituting any Part of such Debt so due and owing from such Principal or Principals within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, so as to excuse the Consequence of such a Deposit or Pledge, unless such Bills shall be paid when the same shall respectively become due.

IX. Provided also, and TbeTt further enacted, That the Penalty by this Act annexed to the Commission of any Offence intended to be guarded against by this Act, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Partner or Partners, or other Person or Persons

Proviso in case of Bankruptcy of Factor, for Owner of Goods so pledged and redeemed.

Agents fraudulently pledging Goods of Principals, Misdemeanor;

Punishment,

Proviso for Cases in which .Agent has not made good a Security beyond Extent of his own Lien.

How far Acceptances of Bills by Agent create a Lien.

Proviso for Partners not privy to Offence.

C. 94, 95.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

And for Remedies at Law or Equity.

of or belonging to any Partnership, Society or Firm, except only such Partner or Partners, Person or Persons, as shall be accessary or privy to the Commission of such Offence; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment to be had or taken thereupon, shall hinder, prevent, lessen or impeach any Remedy at Law or in Equity, which any Party or Parties aggrieved by any Offence against this Act might or would have had or have been entitled to against any such Offender if this Act had not been made, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment had been had or taken thereupon; but nevertheless, the Conviction of any Offender against this Act shall not be received in Evidence in any Action at Law or Suit in Equity against such Offender: And further, that no Person shall be liable to be convicted by any Evidence whatever as an Offender against this Act, in respect of any Act, Matter or Thing done by him, if he shall at any Time previously to his being indicted for such Offence have disclosed any such Matter or Thing on Oath under or in consequence of any compulsory Process of any Court of Law or Equity, in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, in or to which he shall have been a Party, and which shall have been bona fide instituted by the Party aggrieved by the Act, Matter or Thing which shall have been committed by such Offender aforesaid.

CAP. XCV.

His Majesty may in Vacation cause a Writ to be issued, directed to any Barrister, calling him to the Degree of a Serjeant at Law.

An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to call to the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, to take upon themselves that Office in Vacation.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, whenever His Majesty shall be 1 pleased to issue a Writ to call any Person, being a Barrister at Law, to the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, that such ' Person should be enabled to take upon him that Degree in Vacation:' May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time before the Commencement of the next Michaelmas Term, and during any succeeding Vacation, from time to time to cause a Writ to be issued out of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, directed to any such Person, being a Barrister at Law, as His Majesty shall think fit, returnable immediately in the said Court commanding such Person to appear in the said Court, and to take upon himself the State and Dignity of a Serjeant at Law, and such Person shall and may thereupon forthwith appear before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, at such Time and Place as the said Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners shall appoint; and such Person so appearing, and taking the Oaths usually administered to a Serjeant at Law, shall without any further Act or Ceremony be and be deemed and taken to be a Serjeant at Law sworn, to all Intents and Purposes.

21 C AP. XCVI.

A.D. 1823.

6° GEO. IV. C. 96.

333

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for preventing frivolous Writs of Error.

[3th July 1825.]

T70R preventing the Delays occasioned to Creditors by frivol_S? ous Writs of Error brought on Judgments given in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in the Counties Palatine and in the Courts of Great Session in Wales; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon any Judgment hereafter to be given in any of the said Courts in any Personal Action, Execution shall not be stayed or delayed by Writ of Error or Supersedeas thereupon, without the special Order of the Court, or some Judge thereof, unless a Recognizance with Condition according to the Statute made in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King, James the First, intituled An Act to avoid unnecessary Delays of Execution, be first acknowledged in the same Court.

II. And Whereas the lawful Fees and Emoluments of Persons holding the Office of Cursitors, and of other Persons, Officers of the Courts of Law and Equity in England and Wales, may be reduced by the Operation and Effect of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that full Compensation should be made to such Cursitors and Officers who now hold their Offices for Life Be it enacted, That the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, shall be and the same are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall, within Nine Months after the passing of this Act, by Examination on Oath as well as otherwise, which Oath they and each of them are and is hereby authorized to administer, inquire which of the lawful Fees and Emoluments of the several Persons aforesaid are liable to be reduced by the Operation and Effect of this Act, and ascertain the annual Amount, to be computed on an Average of the last Ten Years, of such lawful Fees and Emoluments, and shall in like Manner yearly and every Year inquire and ascertain whether there has been any and what Diminution or Increase of such lawful Fees and Emoluments for the Y'ear ending the last Day of Trinity Term immediately preceding such Examination, and shall certify the Amount of such Diminution, if any, in Writing under their Hands to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Amount of such Diminution shall forthwith become a Charge on the Consolidated Fund, and shall be issued as if the Amount of such Diminution had been specially mentioned in this Act, and shall be payable and paid accordingly to the respective Persons aforesaid, the Diminution of whose lawful Fees and Emoluments shall have been so certified, without any Deduction whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any Year the Amount of such lawful Fees and Emoluments of any such Person as aforesaid claiming Compensation under this Act shall exceed the Average Amount of such Fees and Emoluments ascertained

Mm3 as

How far on Judgment) given, Execution not stayed by Writ of Error, &c.

3 Jac.l. c. 8.

Compensation to Cursitor, &c. for Loss of Emoluments, on Inquiry by Commissioners.

Certificate of such loss to the Treasury.

Excess of Fees beyond ascertained by Commissioners, paid into Exchequer,

534

C. 96, 97.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Clerks in the Office of Clerk of the Errors entitled to have Benefit of 3 G.4. c. 113.

Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of Universities may appoint Constables.

The Power of such Constables.

as hereinbefore directed, then and in that Ca6e the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall certify the Amount of such Excess, and such Person as aforesaid shall within Fifteen Days thereafter pay the Amount of such Excess into His Majesty's Exchequer.

IV. And Whereas by the Operation of this Act there may be ' no longer any Occasion for the Services of the Clerks in the Office of Clerk of the Errors Be it further enacted, That the said Clerks shall be entitled to all the Benefit of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty, for directing that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Sala?des, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before parliament, and for regulating and controuling the granting and paying such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, in as full a Manner as if the Office of Clerk of the Errors had been inserted in the Schedule annexed to the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVXI.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace and good Order in the Universities of England, [5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to add to the Means* anciently 4 V provided for maintaining Peace and good Order in the

4 Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the said Universities respectively, to appoint such Number of able Men as he shall think fit to be Constables in and for the said Universities respectively, who shall continue in Office either during good Behaviour or during Pleasure, or for such Period of Time, either defined or dependant on future Circumstances, as such Chancellor or Vice Chancellor shall direct; and to every Man so appointed such Chancellor or Vice Chancellor shall administer an Oath well and faithfully to execute the Office of Constable, within the Precincts of the University for which he shall be appointed, during his Continuance in Office, and shall deliver to. every such Men a Certificate of his having been so sworn, expressing the Duration of his Continuance in Office, which Certificate shall be Evidence of his having been duly appointed; and every Man so sworn shall have full Power to act as a Constable within the Precincts of the University for which he shall be appointed, and Four Miles of the same University for the Time expressed in the Cer-tifiate, unless he shall be sooner dismissed therefrom by the Chancellor or the Vice Chancellor for the Time being; and shall, within the Precincts of the University, and Four Miles of the same, and during his Continuance in Office, be subject to the like Powers and Authorities of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, as other Constables are subject to, and have and enjoy all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges, Immunities and Advantages as any Constable hath or shall have within his Constablewick; Provided

always

C. 97, 98.

585

always, that every such Constable, for any Act done by him in the Execution of his Office, shall be liable to be sued or indicted in the Courts of Common Law, notwithstanding such Constable may be a Member of the University, and notwithstanding any Claim of Cognizance or Privilege whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Absence of the Chancellor and Vice Chancellor, it shall be lawful for any Pro Vice Chancellor or Deputy Vice Chancellor, to execute the Powers given by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That every common Prostitute and Night Walker found wandering in any Public Walk, Street or Highway, within the Precincts of the said University of Oxford, and not giving a satisfactory Account of herself, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and shall and may be apprehended and dealt with accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XCVIII. An Act to prevent the farther Circulation of Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Convenience of the Public, and for defraying the Expence of exchanging such Tokens.

[5th July 1825.]

1 "\^REAS t]ie Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland did, in and subsequent to the Year One thousand

eight hundred and four, for the Convenience of the Public, ' cause to be coined or stamped and circulated a large Quantity c of Silver Tokens, for Six Shillings Irish, Thirty Pence Irish, i Ten Pence Irish and Five Pence Irish: And Whereas in con-6 sequence of the recent Issue of a new Current Silver Coin in ' Ireland, it becomes unnecessary any longer to continue the said

Tokens in Circulation, and it is expedient to prohibit the further c Circulation thereof, after a Time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the said Tokens shall no longer pass or circulate or be received in Payment or Exchange, or otherwise howsoever; nor shall the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be in any Manner liable or compellable to pay the Value of any such Tokens or Token to the Holder thereof: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall restrain or prevent any Person or Persons, after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, from selling or disposing of any such Tokens as aforesaid, as silver, and without regard to the

M m 4 nominal

Liability of Constables to be sued.

In Absence of Chancellor, &c. Deputy may act.

Punishing Prostitutes in the University of Oxford.

5 G.4. c.S3.

[Public Act.]

Irish Silver Tokens to be no longer circulated.

Proviso.

536

Treasury to issue 500,0001. out of Consolidated Fund.

Produce of Tokens paid into Exchequer,

nominal or current Value at which the same shall have been circulated.

II. And be it further enacted, That with a View of enabling the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to effect the Exchange of the said Silver Tokens of the Bank of Ireland, of the Value of Thirty Pence, Ten Pence and Five Pence Irish Currency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to direct any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of enabling them to send a Quantity of Silver Coin to Ireland, for the Purpose of effecting such Exchange; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall and they are hereby required to cause the Produce of the said Tokens, when recoined, to be paid into the Exchequer, to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund,

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of ParliaV V ment, intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes, Townlands and other Suhdenomin

aiions of land in Ireland, for the Purpose of providing for the future Survey and Valuation of that Part of the United Kingdom, and for settling the Boundaries of Counties, Cities and § i. 4 Towns, in certain Cases: And Whereas by the said recited Act,

the several Grand Juries throughout Ireland were directed and required, at the Assizes next ensuing the passing of the said Act, to form certain Tables of the Names of the several Parishes, Manors, Townlands or other Subdenominations of Land in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Act contained; but the Assizes next ensuing the passing of the said Act took place so early, that the Directions of the said Act could not in many Counties be complied with; and it is expedient to provide for the forming of such Tables at future Assizes* and also to make more effectual Regulations for the Purpose of ascertaining, defining and marking out the Boundaries of Baronies, Townlands, Parishes or other Divisions or Denominations or Subdenominations of Land, by what Name soever such Divisions, Denominations or Subdenominations may be known Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament repealed. shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

537

II. And be it further enacted, That either at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty live, or at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Irelands or at either of the Two presenting Terms in and for the City of Dublin next after the passing of this Act, the Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, in which the Directions of the said Act of the last Session have not been complied with, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to form a Table or Tables of the Names of the several Parishes, Manors, Townlands, Ploughlands or other Divisions or Subdenominations or Divisions of Land within every Barony and Half Barony within such County, or County of a City or Town in which the several High Constables or Collectors of the County Cess or Grand Jury Rates, shall have levied such Cess or Rate, or any Part or Proportion thereof, by what Name soever such Subdenominations of Land maj' be known, and the Contents of such Parish, Manor, Townland or other Subdivision; and the Grand Jury shall direct every such Table to be placed and kept among the Records of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, as the Case may be.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of enabling the several Grand Juries as aforesaid to comply with the foregoing Provisions in this Act, the several Pligh Constables or other Collectors shall, either at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, or at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, or at either of the Two presenting Terms for the City of Dublin next after the passing of this Act, make a Return to their respective Grand Juries of the Names of the several Parishes, Townlands, Manors, Ploughlands or other Subdivisions or Subdenominations in which the said High Constables or Collectors have collected and levied the County Cess or Grand Jury Rate, together with the Number of Acres at which such several Subdenominations have been rated or assessed, and the Proportion in which every such Parish, Townland or other Denomination shall have been assessed and contributed; or where such Cess or Rate has not been rated by the Acre, then and in any such Case such High Constable or other Collector shall make a Return in Writing of the Mode and Manner, and of the Proportion in which such Cess or Rate shall have been assessed and levied; and in case any such High Constable or other Collector shall neglect or omit to make such Return as aforesaid, if required so to do, it shall not be lawful to and for the Grand Jury for which such High Constable or other Collector shall act, to make any Presentment for Fee of Salary for such High Constable or other Collector at such Assizes or presenting Term.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Two preceding Clauses of this Act shall be given in charge to the Grand Juries as aforesaid, by the Judges at the Two said Assizes and presenting Terms; and that in Cases where any Tables required by this Act shall not have been formed at the First of such Assizes or presenting Terms, the same shall be formed at the Second of such Assizes or presenting Terms respectively,

Tables of Names of Parishes, &c. formed by Grand Juries at either of the Two Assizes, &e. and kept amongst the Records of the County, &c.

High Constables to return Names of Parishes, &c. to Grand Jury, with Number of Acres and Proportion of Assessment.

Neglecting, &c. Punishment.

Sect. 2, 3. of this Act to be given in charge to Grand Jury.

538

C. 99.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Grand Juries may make Presentments for High Constables feu* Arrears of Fee or Salary.

Scites reserved for new Court House or Gaol deemed Part of the County of a City or Town.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Surveyor to ascertain Boundaries of Baronies, Townlands, Parishes, &c.

Surveyor, &c. empowered to enter Lands to fix Boundaries *

V. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted, that in case any Collector or High Constable should neglect making such Return as in and by the said Act is required, it shall not be lawful to and for the Grand Jury to make any Presentments for Fee or Salary of such High Constable or other Collector at the Assizes next after the passing the said Act: And Whereas it was not in the Power of such Collectors or High Constables to make such Return at such Assizes, owing to the Time at which such Assizes were held; Be it enacted, That in all Cases where Presentment was not made at such Assizes for Fee or Salary of any such High Constable or other Collector, in consequence of the said Provision of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, to make a Presentment for the Arrears of Fee or Salary to any such High Constable or other Collector, at any Assizes after the passing of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Part, Parcel or Scite has been reserved out of a County of a City or County of a Town, as a Place for delivering the Gaol or holding the Assizes for an adjoining County at large, and that by reason of building of a new Court House or new Gaol for such County at large, the former Court House or Gaol is no longer used for such Purposes, that then and in every such Case such Part, Parcel or Scite so reserved, shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, a Part of the County of a City or County of a Town, within which the same is situate, and from which it has been so reserved.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient, with a View to the more effectual Execution of a General Survey of Ireland, by and under the Directions of Officers appointed by the Master General and Board of Ordnance, that the reputed Boundaries of the several Parishes and Townlands in Ireland should be ascertained and marked out Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at any Time or Times, and from time to time as to him or them shall or may seem fitting and expedient, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and such and so many Persons as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think necessary and expedient, to ascertain and mark out the reputed Boundaries of all and every or any Barony, Half Barony, Townland, Parish or other Division or Denomination of Land, by what Name soever any such Division or Denomination shall or may be known or called in any and every Part of Ireland, and to appoint any and every such Person or Persons to be Surveyors or a Surveyor for the carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Surveyor appointed under this Act, and for any other Person acting in aid and under the Orders of such Surveyor, and for any Officer or Person appointed by or acting under the Orders of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and they are hereby respectively

authorized

6° GEO. IV. C. 99.

539

authorized and empowered, from time to time, to enter into and upon any Land or Ground of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purpose of making and carrying on any Survey authorized by this Act or by the Order of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and for the Purpose of fixing any Object to be used in the Survey, or any Post, Stone or Boundary Mark whatsoever, and to fix and place any such Object, Post, Stone or Boundary Mark whatsoever in the Land or Ground, or upon any Tree or Post in the Land or Ground of any Person or Persons whomsoever, and to dig up any Ground for the Purpose of fixing any such Object, Post, Stone or Boundary Mark, and also to enter upon any Lands or Grounds through which any such Surveyor shall deem it necessary and proper to carry any Boundary Line for the Purposes of this Act, at any Time or Times whatever, until the marking out of any reputed Boundary Line shall be completed according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that in every Case in which it shall be .necessary to any Surveyor or his Assistants, to fix any such Object, Post, Stone or Boundary Mark within any walled Garden, Orchard or Pleasure Ground, such Surveyor or his Assistants shall give Three Days' Notice to the Occupier of such Garden, Orchard or Pleasure Ground, of his Intention so to do, and it shall be lawful for such Occupier to employ any Person whom he may think fit to fix such Object, Post, Stone or Boundary Mark within such Garden, Orchard or Pleasure Ground, at such Time, in such Place and in such Manner as such Surveyor or his Assistants shall direct: Provided always, that such Surveyor and his Assistants and Workmen shall do as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them granted by this Act, and shall make Satisfaction to the Owners of and other Persons interested in such Lands and Grounds or Trees, which shall be any way hurt, damnified or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any Powers of this Act, in case the same shall be demanded; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify such Surveyor, and every Assistant, Workman or other Person acting in aid of and under the Orders of such Surveyor and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do in respect thereof by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted to them respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the High Constable of any and every Barony or Half Barony in Ireland shall, within Ten-Days after he shall be thereunto required by any Surveyor appointed for the Execution of this Act in any such Barony or Half Barony, prepare' and deliver to such Surveyor a List containing the Names and Descriptions of the several Townlands, Parishes or other Divisions of Land assessed to the Payment of any Portion of the County Cess Charges and Grand Jury Rates, payable within such Barony or Half Barony, together with the Names and Residences of all the several Collectors of County Cess Charges and Grand Jury Rates in and for any and every such Townland, Parish or other Division of Land within such Barony or Half Barony; and if any High Constable of any Barony or Half Barony shall refuse or neglect or omit to make or deliver such List, in compliance with the Request of such Surveyor

every

Where it is necessary to fix any Mark in Garden, &c. Occupier may employ a Person to fix it. Satisfaction for Damages.

Surveyor, &c. indemnified.

High Constables of Baronies to deliver to Surveyor List of Townlands, &c. and Collectors of Cess,

&c. within Barony.

6° GEO. IV. C. 99.

A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Collectors to attend Surveyors on Notice for defining Boundaries of Parishes, &c.

On Failure of Collectors, Surveyors may require Two Inhabitants to attend,

who are to attend on Notice.

Surveyor to ascertain Boundaries of Town-lands, and mark out same by Posts, &c.

every such High Constable so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of marking out the reputed Boundaries of any such Barony or Half Barony, and the reputed Boundaries of the several Townlands, Parishes or other Divisions within any such Barony or Half Barony, it shall be lawful for any such Surveyor, appointed for the Execution of this Act within such Barony or Half Barony, and such Surveyor is hereby authorized and empowered, by Notice in Writing signed with his Name and directed and delivered to any such Collector of County Cess Charges and Grand Jury Rates, to require the Attendance of any and every such Collector in or for any and every such Townland, Parish or other Division, or in or for any Town!and, Parish or Division adjoining any other Townland, Parish or Division, at such Time (not being less than Ten Days after the Date of such Notice), and at such Place as. shall be specified in such Notice; at which Time and Place every such Collector shall and he is hereby required to attend upon such Surveyor accordingly, and to aid and assist such Surveyor in the Execution of this Act; and in case it shall happen that there shall not be any Collector of such County Cess or Grand Jury Rates for any such Townland, Parish or other Division or adjoining Townland, Parish or Division, or in case any such Collector shall omit or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in any such Notice, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any such Surveyor, by like Notice, to require any Two or more Inhabitants of any such Townland, Parish or other Division, to attend in the Place and Stead of such Collector; and every such Inhabitant, to whom any such Notice shall be directed and delivered shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to attend upon such Surveyor accordingly, and to assist such Surveyor in the Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Surveyor, at the Time mentioned in any such Notice, accompanied by the Collector of the County Cess or Grand Jury Rate for the Townland, Parish or other District or Division, the reputed Boundaries of which are to be defined and marked out, and by the Collector of any and every Townland, Parish or other Division adjoining thereto, or by such Inhabitants as aforesaid, and such Surveyor, Collectors and other Persons is and are hereby authorized and required to perambulate the Boundaries of such Townland, Parish or Division, for the Purpose of ascertaining the same according to the best of their Power and Information; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for such Surveyors, Collectors and other Persons to call on any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any such Townlands, Parishes or any other Divisions, to assist them in so doing; and when it shall appear to such Surveyor that the reputed Boundaries of any such Townland, Parish or other Division are sufficiently ascertained, such Boundaries shall be marked out by such Surveyor, in such substantial and durable Manner as he shall think fit, by the putting down of any Posts or Blocks of Wood or Stone, or by the affixing of any Marks on or against any House, Tree or Post, and with such distinguishing Letters or Figures as such Surveyor shall think

fit

C. 99.

541

fit and proper for the Occasion; and after such Boundaries shall be so ascertained and marked as aforesaid, the same shall be and be deemed and are hereby declared and enacted to be, for the Purposes of this Act, the Boundaries of such Townlands, Parishes or other Divisions respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take away, remove or displace, or alter the Situation of any Boundary Stone, Post or Mark, which shall be set up and placed for the Purposes of this Act, or shall wilfully deface, mutilate, break or destroy any such Boundary Stone, Post or Mark, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds and not less than Two Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Surveyor in the Execution of his Duty, in or about the ascertaining and marking out of the Boundaries of any Townland, Parish or Division under the Provisions of this Act, or shall assault any such Surveyor, or shall any way resist such Surveyor in the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or shall obstruct, hinder, assault or resist any Collector or any Workman or other Person acting in aid of any such Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds and not less than Two Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons interested in anjr such Boundaries shall be dis-satisfied with or shall have any Objection to any Boundary Line, or any Part thereof, as marked out by any Surveyor under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place in which such Boundary Line or any Part thereof, so objected to shall be situate, and every Person so appealing shall (if there shall be sufficient Time after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen) first give or cause to be given Twenty one Days' Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal and of the Matters thereof, to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, and within Seven Days next after the Date of such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace of such County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to bring such Appeal to a Hearing, and to abide by or to submit to the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions or any Adjournment thereof; and for want of sufficient Time for giving such Notice previous to the Quarter Sessions next after the Cause of any such Complaint shall have happened, then such Appeal, after such Notice and under such Recognizance, may be made at the Second General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County or Place, and the Clerk of the Peace shall give Notice of such Appeal to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden of the Parish or Parishes

within

Boundaries so fixed deemed proper.

Removing or defacing Boundaries, Stones, &c.

Penalty.

Obstructing Survey, &c.

Penalty.

Appeal against Boundaries to Quarter Sessions.

Notice.

Sureties.

Proceedings when not Time for Notice previous to Sessions.

542

C. 99.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proof of Notice.

Costs.

Determination of Sessions final.

Proceedings

thereon.

Costs not paid, Proceedings.

Proviso for Boundaries of Lands with respect to Rights of Owners.

Allowance to Collector, &c. attending Surveyor.

within which such Boundary Line or such Part thereof as shall be objected to, shall be situate, and such Churchwardens or Churchwarden shall post Copies of such Notice, or shall cause the same to be posted and affixed on the most public Doors of the Churches and other Places of Public Worship within such Parish or Parishes, and at such other Places as are appointed by Law for the posting of Notices in such Parishes, on the Two successive Sundays next after the Receipt of such Notice by such Churchwardens or Churchwarden; and the Justices at such First or Second Sessions or any Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Justices in Session shall be binding, final and conclusive on all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes; and the Boundary Line or any Part thereof, shall and may be altered in such Manner pursuant to the Directions of such Justices as the Case may require, and such Boundary Line so altered shall then and in such Case, for the Purposes of this Act, be and become the reputed Boundary of any and every Townland, Parish or Division to which the same shall relate; and it shall be lawful for such Justices at such Sessions, by their Order or Warrant, to levy such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the same; and for want of sufficient Distress to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months or until Payment of such Costs.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this present Act, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, shall not extend, nor be deemed nor be construed to extend, to ascertain, define, alter, enlarge, increase or decrease, nor in any Way to affect any Boundary or Boundaries of any Land, with relation to any Owner or Owners, or Claimant or Claimants of any such Lands respectively, nor to affect the Title of any such Owner or Owners, or Claimant or Claimants respectively in or to or with respect to any such Lands; but that all Right and Title of any Owner or Claimant of any Land whatever, within any Townland, Parish or Division, shall remain to all Intents and Purposes in like State and Condition as if this Act had not been had or made; any Description of any such Land with reference to any such Townland, Parish or Division or otherwise, or any Thing in this Act contained, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector, Workman and other Person who shall attend and accompany any Surveyor in the ascertaining, defining and marking out the Boundary of any Townland, Parish or Division under the Provisions of this Act, shall receive and shall be entitled to receive for his Trouble and Loss of Time any Sum of Money or Allowance not exceeding the Rate of Two Shillings for every Day during which he shall be employed by or engaged with such Surveyor in the

Execution

C. 99.

543

Execution of this Act, upon a Certificate to be signed by such Surveyor that such Collector or other Person was so employed for the Number of Days to be stated in such Certificate, and that such Collector or other Person diligently conducted himself in the Execution of this Act, in a Manner satisfactory to such Surveyor.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to order and direct that any such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think proper shall be advanced from time to time to any Surveyor to be appointed under this Act, out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland, for the Purpose of defraying any Expences to be incurred in the carrying this Act into Execution in any and every Barony or Half Barony in Ireland, and all Sums shall be advanced to such Surveyor; and an Account of the Application of all such Sums in the Payment of Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act, shall be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland, or to his or their Chief Secretary, and shall be examined, audited and allowed at such Times and in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as shall from time to time be ordered and directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and as shall be signified in the usual Manner by his or their Chief Secretary, or in his Absence, by the Under Secretary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or other Person who shall be summoned or required by any Surveyor appointed under this Act to attend such Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, shall refuse or shall neglect or omit to attend such Surveyor, or shall refuse or neglect or omit to inform and point out to such Surveyor the true Boundaries of any Town-land, Parish or other Division, or shall wilfully make any false Statement or Misstatement with respect to any such Boundaries, or shall wilfully refuse or neglect or omit to give any Information in the Power of such Collector or other Person with respect to any such Boundaries, every such Collector or other Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds and not less than Two Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered in a summary Way, by the Order and Adjudication of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Penalty shall be incurred, on Complaint to them for that Purpose exhibited, and shall afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings, in case of Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices; and such Justices are hereby authorized and required to summon before them any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (or Affirmation) of and concerning all Offences, Penalties and Forfeitures

Lord Lieutenant may order Advance of Money for executing Act,

to be accounted for, audited and allowed as directed by Lord Lieutenant,

Collector, &c. not attending or not pointing out Boundaries.

Penalty.

Recovery of Penalties before Two Justices of the Peace.

54 4

Costs.

Penalties not paid, Proceedings.

Application of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

C. 99. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

feitures under this Act, and to hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to stfch Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, for his or their Appearance before such Justices, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justices or any Two Justices of the Peace for such County or Place as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures respectively, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and One Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid to the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, in such Manner as such Justices shall direct and appoint.

XXo And be it further enacted, That for the more easy and speed}'- Conviction of Offenders, the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen), or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

RE it remembered, That on ' the Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord

(A.B. is convicted before us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County [or City or Town, as the Case may he] by virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act, and specify the Offence, and when and where committed]. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year above written. '

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 100. 545

CAP. C.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holy-head., and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holy-head.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to he issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor, by Shrewsbury; and by the said Act certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the same into Execution: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor,

by Shrewsbury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea: And Whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further improving the Roads between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead,

and the Road from Dublin to Howth, and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead; and by the said Act certain Commissioners have been appointed for carrying the same into Execution, and various Powers have been given to the said Commissioners; and by the said Act the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty were authorized to apply the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, Part of a Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds therein mentioned, in making and completing a new Cut or Piece of Road, commencing at or near the Peahen Inn in the Town of Saint Albans, and leaving the present Road at or near the Red Lion Public House across to Dagenhall Lane, and from thence to or near a certain Place called The Pond Yards, the same being within the Limits or District of the Saint Albans Trust, and in otherwise improving the Roads within the said Trust; and it was by the same Act enacted, that the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should be applied by the said last mentioned Commissioners according and under and subject to certain Clauses, Authorities and Provisions therein mentioned or referred to: And Whereas in pursuance of the Object and 6 Intent of the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

N n 4 present

55 G.3. c. 152, 59 G. 3. c. 4-8,

1 &2G.4. c.SO. G.4. c. 74.

546

C., 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Treasury to advance to Commissioners under recited Act of G.4.

16,000l.

Commissioners of G.4. c. 74. thereupon to execute an Instrument acknowledging Advance, and undertaking to apply the same as herein directed.

present Majesty, apparent from the whole of the said Act, the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, transferred and made over the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by whom the same has been duly £ applied towards making the said new Cut or Piece of Road, but the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds hath been found insufficient for completing the same: And Whereas it would be of great public Benefit if the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury were authorized to advance, to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Sum of Money as hereinafter is mentioned, to enable them not only to complete the said new Cut or Piece of Road hereinbefore described, but also to make the other Alterations and Improvements hereinafter mentioned, in the Line of Road from London to Holyhead:f May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, on Application being made to them by the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time, for issuing out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, to the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds, for the Purposes and upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Advance being made to the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall execute an Instrument in Writing in such Form as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct and appoint, in which Instrument the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall acknowledge the Receipt of the Money for the Time being advanced, and shall undertake to apply the Produce thereof in the Manner in which the same ought to be applied, in pursuance of the Directions hereinafter contained, and shall also undertake to pay the same and the Interest thereof, when and as the same shall be received by them, under the Provisions hereinafter contained, into the Exchequer, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, as hereinafter directed, and shall also undertake to put in force, if necessary, the several Powers and Remedies hereinafter given them, for obtaining Payment thereof.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

Si 7

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting Advances to in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the be applied in Reign of His present Majesty, shall apply the Sums to be so nev.v

advanced in manner following; (that is to say,) any Sum not mentioned6111 exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds in completing the new Cut or Piece of Road hereinbefore described, commencing at or^near the Peahen Inn in the Town of Saint Albans, which said Cut or Piece of Road is within the Limits and District of the Saint Albans Trust, and in repairing the same, for the Period of Two Years after the same shall have been completed, and in making the new Branch or Communication Road hereinafter directed to be made in lieu of Kingsbury Lane; any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in making and completing a new Cut or Piece of Road, leaving the present Road from London to Holyhead in the Town of Wednesbury at Camjphill Lane, and falling into the same Road again near the Canal Bridge at Moxley> the same being within the Limits and District of the Bilstone Trust, and in repairing the same for the Period of Two Years after the same shall have been completed; any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in lowering the Hill called Summer House Hill, on the said Road from London to Holyhead, the same being within the Limits and District of the Wolverhampton Trust, and in repairing the new Piece of Road which will be formed by lowering the said Hill, for the Period of Two Years after the same shall have been completed; and any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds in lowering a Hill on the said Road from London to Holyhead xalled Knowles Bank, and in making a new Cut or Piece of Road, leaving the said Road from London to Holyhead at a certain Place called Llewellyn Cottage, and falling into the same Road at the End of the new Road at Priorslee, the same being within the Limits or District of the Shifshall District of the Wailing Street Trust, and in repairing the new Piece of Road which will be formed by lowering the said last mentioned Hill, and also the said last mentioned new Cut or Piece of Road, for the Period of Two Years after the same shall have been respectively completed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That fn case it shall be found that any Sum which shall have been advanced in pursuance of the.

Directions hereinbefore contained, by the said Commissioners of pavements*" His Majesty's Treasury, to the said Commissioners acting in within the same Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign Trust/

of His present Majesty, shall be more than is required for the Purposes for which the same shall have been advanced, the Surplus thereof shall be applied by the said last mentioned Commissioners in making such other Improvements as they shall think proper on any Part of the said Road from London to Holyhead, which shall be within the same Trust.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Au- Powers of thorities given by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the former Acts Reign of His present Majesty, to the said Commissioners acting extended to in Execution thereof, either expressly or by reference to former Acts, and all the Clauses and Provisions therein contained, or such of the said Clauses and Provisions as are in any Manner applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be and they are here-

Surplus (if any) applied in mak-

this, and Power of purchasing Lands.

.548

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

4 G.4

§ 82.

by extended in such Manner as that the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said last mentioned Act shall be enabled to make the Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore directed to be made, and shall have all Facilities and Advantages for enabling them to make the same, as fully, amply and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Clauses and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in and by this present Act, with reference to the said Alterations and Improvements, and particularly that the said last mentioned Commissioners shall have the same Power of taking and acquiring any Ground which may be required for the Purpose of making the said Alterations and Improvements, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third is given to the Commissioners acting under that Act, of taking and acquiring any such Ground as may be necessary for repairing, altering, making or constructing the Roads in that Act mentioned or referred to; and all the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, with respect to the taking or acquiring of any Ground to be so taken or acquired by the Commissioners acting under that Act, shall be and the}' are hereby extended and made applicable to the acquiring or taking by the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of any Ground which may be required for the Purpose of making the Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore mentioned.

. c. 74. ' VI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of that Act to take down and remove all or any of the ' Houses enumerated and described in the Schedule to that Act annexed, as the same Commissioners might deem necessary and expedient to remove for the Purpose of making the Deviation,

Alterations and Improvements in the said Act mentioned or referred to, on giving Six Months' Notice of their Intention1 so to do, to the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses intended to be taken down and removed, and also to take and make use of any of the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds attached to such Houses, or specified and described in the said Schedule, first making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, as should be agreed upon between them and the said last mentioned Commissioners, or as should be ascertained by a Jury in manner directed by the Acts in the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty severally mentioned, or any or either of them: And Whereas, for the Purpose of making several of the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of making several of the Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore directed to be made, it will be expedient and necessary also to take down and remove the Houses described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to take and make use of the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards and Grounds at-f tached to such Houses, or specified and described in the said

4 Schedule

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

549

Schedule to this Act annexed, and it will be idviseable to make ' the Provisions and Enactments hereinafter contained, as well with reference to the said Houses specified and described in the ' Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards 6 and Grounds attached thereto, or specified and described in the same Schedule, as also with reference to the Houses specified ' and described in the said Schedule annexed to the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ' and the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards and Grounds attached thereto, or specified and described in the same Schedule Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to take down and remove all or any of the Houses described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and also to take and make use of any of the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds attached to such Houses so described in the said Schedule, if they shall deem it necessary or expedient to remove, take, or make use of the same for the Purpose of making the Alterations and Improvements in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or in this Act mentioned; but the said last mentioned Commissioners, previously to their removing or taking any such last mentioned Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, shall give Six Months' Notice in Writing to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, of their Intention so to do, and shall also first make such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, as shall be agreed upon between him, her or them and the said last mentioned Commissioners, or as shall be ascertained by a Jury in the] Manner hereinafter directed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Houses mentioned and described in the said Schedule to this Act, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation the same or any Part thereof are or is stated or described to be, shall happen to be omitted, misnamed or inaccurately described, then and in such Case, if it shall appear to any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the same shall be situated, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Omission, Misnomer or inaccurate Description proceeded from Mistake, it shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act; but the same Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be purchased and jsold, or assessed and valued, in Manner herein mentioned, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Purpose of making the Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same was or were properly named and described in the said Schedule.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whether Ecclesiastical or Civil, and for all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for all Tenants in Fee Simple and in Fee Tail, whether General or Special, and for all Tenants for Life or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether their respective Estates shall be in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy,

N n 3 Con-

Power to take down Houses in Schedule, on giving Notice and tendering Satisfaction.

Proviso against Misdescription of Houses.

Bodies Politic and incapacitated Persons empowered to sell.

550

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Satisfaction to Parties entitled#

If Parties dis-satisfied, a Jury to be impannelled to decide the Matter.

Contingency or otherwise, and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for all other Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of the said Houses specified in the said Schedule annexed to the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds attached to such Houses, or specified in the same Schedule, or any of the said Houses specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or any of the Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds attached to such Houses, or specified and described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed to contract for, lease, sell and convey the same or any Part thereof to the said Commissioners acting under the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who shall from time to time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein requiring the same, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Contract, Agreement, Lease, Sale, Conveyance and Assurance, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage o-r Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons, who is, are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of the said Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, or for any Damage to be occasioned thereto; and in case the said Parties interested, or any of them, and the said Commissioners, cannot agree as to the Amount of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled and ascertained as is hereinafter directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Trustee, Committee, or any Feme Covert or any other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, or claiming

to

C. 100.

551

to be so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Commissioners acting under the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Purchase of the said Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, or respecting the Compensation to be made for any Damages to be occasioned thereto, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase or Compensation; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, or claiming to be so interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice in Writing given by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, or claiming to be so interested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Houses or other Hereditaments to be made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or cannot be found, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty one Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which he, she or they respectively may be possessed of, or claim to be entitled to or interested in, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty one Days be able to make a good Title, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to the Premises which he, she or they may be so interested in or entitled to, or may claim to be so interested in or entitled to, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required, within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case Security in Manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Twenty one Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said Clerk (as the Case may be), to issue a Warrant under their Hands, directed to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, City or Place wherein such Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds shall be situate, and in case the said Sheriff, or his Undersheriff, shall be interested in the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of the County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, and in case all the said Coroners of the County shall be so interested as aforesaid, then to the last Person or Persons who filled the Office of Sheriff of the County, City or Place wherein such Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds shall be situate, who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person, to impannel, summon and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, are and is

N n 4? hereby

Notice of Disagreement.

Proceedings.

Proceedings where Sheriff interested,

where Coroner interested.

552

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Notice of Jury to Parties interested *

Proceedings* where not sufficient Jurymen.

Witnesses to be summoned.

View by Jury.

Jury to ascertain the'Matters upon Oath.

hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a Jury of Twenty four honest, sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Issues at the Assizes, to appear before the Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Twenty one or more than Twenty eight Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons; and Fourteen Days'' Notice at least in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners, or any Five of them, is hereby required to be given to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested or claiming to be interested in any such Houses or other Hereditaments, or to be left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the head Officer or Officers of such Corporation, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of such Houses or other Hereditaments, of the Time and Place of the said Jury being so impannelled, summoned and returned; and the said Sheriff *, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, are and is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, shall return other honest, sufficient and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and it shall and may be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons respectively; and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, is and are hereby required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by such Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in question, if there be Occasion, or to use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his and their own, as for the Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Undersheriff^ Coroner or such other Person or Persons shall think fit; and the said Jury shall upon their Oaths, which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon as Witnesses, the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons is hereby empowered and required to administer,

inquire

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

553

inquire of, assess and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses or other Hereditaments, or as Compensation for the Damages to be occasioned thereto, as the Case may require; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained and settled the Amount of such Purchase Money or Compensation, the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of such Houses or other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for the Damages to be occasioned thereto, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, and shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or u ^ment n Compensation Money, which said judgment shall specify the Hereditaments in respect, of which the same shall be given, and shall be signed by the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, and shall be final, binding and conclusive to all,

Intents and Purposes upon and against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate, Interest or Trust in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert,

Persons beyond Seas and under any other Disability whatsoever,

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whatsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Pro- No Certiorari, cess into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and after any Verdict and Judgment shall have No Inquiry into been found and given for the Sum to be paid by the said Com- Matters of missioners for the Purchase of any of the aforesaid Houses, Form> &c. after Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, no Person or Persons, or Judgment. Body or Bodies Corporate whatsoever, shall be at liberty to question or dispute the Propriety or Validity thereof, or to inquire whether the Notices hereby required to be given were or not properly and duly given, or whether any of the other requisite Forms were or not properly complied with, or whether the Jury by whom such Verdict was found was or not properly summoned, impannelled and constituted, or whether the said Judgment was or not given and signed by the proper Officer, or whether the Circumstances of the Case were such as made it necessary or proper for such Verdict and Judgment to be found and given; but the several Matters aforesaid shall be inquired into and ascertained by the Officer by whom such Judgment shall be signed before the same shall be signed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Jury Interests of par-shall, under the Provisions herein contained, assess the Sum or ticular Tenants Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of or as a Com- to be valued-pensation for Damages occasioned to any Houses or other Hereditaments in which any Person or Persons shall have a particular Estate, Term or Interest, the said Jury shall by their Verdict settle what Share or Shares of such Sum or Sums of Money shall belong to such Person or Persons in respect of such particular Estate, Term or Interest.

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Persons requiring a Jury to give Security.

Sheriff, &c. neglecting to summon, &c. Jury.

Penalty.

Jurors not attending, &c.

Penalty.

Witnesses not attending, &c.

Penalty.

Perjury.

No Claim for Damage unless on Notice.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies and Person or Persons requesting a Jury to be summoned as aforesaid, shall, before the said Commissioners shall issue their Warrant for that Purpose, enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in a Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, with a Condition to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict, in case he, she or they shall be liable to bear and pay the same under the Provisions hereinafter contained.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person so directed to impannel? summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent? shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by the said Commissioners, or by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in question; and if any Person so impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear without some reasonable Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall be liable and subject to the same Regulations and to the same Pains and Penalties for such Default as if he had been impannelled, summoned and returned for the Trial of any Issue at the Assizes; and if any Person so summoned and required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs and Expences, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or shall not allege a sufficient Excuse to the said Sheriffs, Undersheriffs, Coroner or such other Person or Persons for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Matter or Questions shall arise, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said Justice.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence or otherwise forswear himself or herself before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not be obliged or allowed by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Claim or Claims, Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or

Damage

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

555 -

Damage by him, her or them sustained or supposed to be sustained, unless Notice shall have been given thereof, by or on behalf of such Person or Persons, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case p^es^f jury where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, as a Recompence anj witnesses or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any of the said Houses, by whom to be Gardens, Lawns, Orchards and Grounds, or as a Compensation paid in the for any Damages done or to be done thereto, than had been pre- sevefal Cases viously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or men-

where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, when the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict shall have been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or where by reason of Absence in foreign Countries or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who shall be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensation from the said Commissioners, as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Expences of impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Sheriff,

Undersheriff, Coroner or such other Person or Persons so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict as aforesaid, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum as had been previously offered by or on behalf of the Commissioners, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or for Damages not exceeding Forty Shillings, or in case no Verdict for Damages shall be given, where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Commissioners, or in case the Person or Persons claiming to be entitled to or interested in any of the said Houses, Orchards, Gardens,

Tenements or Hereditaments, shall not be able to make out a sufficient Title thereto, then and in all such Cases (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid, when such Costs and Expences shall be paid by the said Commissioners), the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, shall he borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid and deducted out of the Sum or Sums so assessed or adjourned, and the Payment or Tender or Deposit of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender or Deposit of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdict, when the Dispute is for Damages only, or if the Damages given shall be insufficient for the Purpose of defraying such Costs and Expences, then such Costs and Expences, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid

shall

556

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Lands, &c. vested in Commissioners on Payment or Tender of Value.

Verdicts and Judgments to be recorded.

Inspection.

Fee.

Application of Compensation Money, if exceeding 2001.

1 G.4. c.S5.

shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been contracted and agreed for between the Parties, or which shall have been assessed and adjudged as aforesaid to be the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any of the said Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, or as a Compensation for Damages to be occasioned thereto, to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for or adjudged, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of England in Manner hereinafter directed, it shall and may be lawful for the same Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, immediately to enter upon the Houses or other Hereditaments in respect of which such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been so paid, tendered or deposited, together with the yearly Profits thereof; and in case such Sum or Sums shall have been so paid, tendered or deposited for the Purchase of such Houses or other Hereditaments, then and immediately upon such Payment, Tender or Deposit being made, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the same Houses or other Hereditaments shall become vested in the said Commissioners, and all other Estates, Uses, Trusts and Interests whatsoever, of and in such Houses or other Hereditaments, shall immediately cease, determine and be void.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Judgments and Verdicts so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the County where such Verdict shall have been given, and shall be deposited with and be deemed Records of such Quarter Sessions respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and the same or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy two Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any of the said Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards or Grounds, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Body Corporate or Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, pursuant to the Method prescribed by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better securing Monies and Effects paid

into

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

557

into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court, and for other Purposes, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body Corporate, or Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Houses, Gardens, Orchards,

Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Exchequer, upon Application thereto, be invested by the^aid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes as aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application of Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any of the said C°mPe&satioa Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Tenements or Hereditaments and ^s^han^ooT belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under and exceeding Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum 20/. of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Gardens, Orchards, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer,

55 8

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C.loo.

Application of Compensation Money where J less than 201.

Proceedings in case of not making out a good Title, &c.

chequer, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, as far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Exchequer.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Gardens, Tenements and Hereditaments, in such Manner as the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall think fit; in case of Infancy^ or Lunacy, then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case a good Title cannot be made to any of the Houses, Orchards, Gardens, Lawns or Grounds, for the Purchase of which, or as a Compensation for Damages occasioned to which any Sum or Sums of Money shall be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, or in case the Person or Persons entitled thereto cannot be found, or shall not be known or discovered, or shall refuse to accept the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses or other Hereditaments, if known, and if not known, then to the Credit of the said Commissioners, subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Exchequer; and the Person or Persons who, previous to the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, was or were interested in or entitled to the Houses or other Hereditaments for which the same was or were assessed and adjudged, shall have the same Title and Interest to and in such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she or they had in the said Houses or other Hereditaments, for the Purchase of which, or for Damages to which the same -was or were assessed, or as near thereto as the Nature and Quality of the different Properties will allow; and the said Court of Exchequer, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem fit, to order the same to be laid out and

6° GEO. IV. C. 100. 559

invested in the Public Funds, and order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive any Sum or Sums of Money under or in pursuance of this Act, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts to the Person or Persons paying the same, specifying the Sum or Sums received, and for or in respect of what Houses or other Hereditaments the same shall be paid, and to whose Credit the same is to be placed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of or as Satisfaction for Damages occasioned to any Houses or other Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right or Interest in any Houses or other Hereditaments to be purchased, taken or used in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses or other Hereditaments at the Time when the same were taken or entered upon by the said Commissioners, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfacfaction of the said Court of Exchequer; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and all the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses or other Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken or used under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid out of the Purchase Money to be so paid into the Bank of England.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall have purchased, or shall be possessed of any Pieces of Ground not wanted for the

Purposes

In case of disputed Titles, &c. Persons in Possession to be deemed lawfully entitled.

Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid out of Trust Monies.

Power to the Commissioners of selling Land not wanted.

500

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

On Disagreement as to Price, &c. Jury.

4G.4. c. 74.

Commissioners required to make Contracts for making the Improvements.

Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawftil for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of the same: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pie.ces of Ground, not wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, to any other Person or Persons, shall first offer the same to the Owner or Proprietor of the Lands adjacent thereto; and if such Owner or Proprietor shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively, on an Affidavit being sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty or Place where such Ground is situate (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of such Commissioners, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Owner or Proprietor to whom the same was made, such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was refused or not agreed to by the Owper or Proprietor to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Owner or Proprietor respectively shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she or they and the said Commissioners shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in the Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be taken and used by the said Commissioners, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in Maner hereinbefore directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Commissioners; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money; and no Conveyances of such Piece or Pieces of Ground to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof shall be necessary, but the Receipt or Receipts of the Commissioners for the Time being acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Five of them, for such Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, shall vest the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Piece or Pieces of Ground in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be deemed equivalent to a formal Conveyance thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall and may, and are hereby empowered and required to make such Contracts and Agreements as they shall think proper, with skilful Persons and their Sureties, for the carrying on, making and completing of the Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore mentioned, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who shall from time to time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expences thereof, and

6° GEO. IV. C. 100. 561

such Payments shall from time to time be placed to the Account of the Trust in the Limits or Districts of which the Expences shall be incurred; and all the said Alterations and Improvements hereinbefore directed to be made and completed on the said Roads shall be done by Contract, and in no other way whatsoever.

XXVI[. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Copy of every such Contract and the Terms thereof shall, previous to the same being signed and concluded, be submitted by the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to a Committee of not exceeding Five in Number of the Trustees or Commissioners within whose Limits or District the Work specified in such Contract is to be performed, which Committee such Trustees and Commissioners are hereby respectively empowered and required to elect and appoint.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every new Piece of Road which shall be made under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, whether consisting of a new Cut from the present Road, or of a new Piece of Road formed by lowering any of the Hills hereinbefore mentioned, shall be opened to the Public as soon as the same shall be completed, and shall for the Period of Two Years after the same shall have been completed and opened to the Public, be repaired, maintained and supported by and under the Care and Superintendence of the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and after the Expiration of the said Period of Two Years, every such new Piece of Road shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall become to all Intents and Purposes a Part of that Road to which the old Road or Part of a Road, in lieu of or for the Improvement of which such new Piece of Road shall have been made, did belong before the making of such new Piece of Road, and shall be vested in the Trustees or Commissioners in whom such old Road or Part of a Road shall have been vested, and shall be maintained and repaired by them, and shall be subject to all such Trusts, and to all such Acts of Parliament, and to all such Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, as such old Road or Part of a Road shall have been subject to immediately before the Expiration of the said Period of Two Years.

XXIX. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth £ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, that £ when and so soon as the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road £ commencing at or near the Peahen Inn in Saint Albans aforesaid £ should be completed and opened to the Public, so much of the present Turnpike Road as extends from the Road to Hemel £ Hempstead at Saint Michael's, to the Junction of the said present 6 Turnpike Road with the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road £ at or near the Pond Yards, together with the several Footways £ running parallel therewith or leading into the same from the said £ Town of Saint Albans; and also so much of the Lane as leads £ from Kingsbury to the Junction of the same with the said new Cut £ or Piece of Road near Prae Mill, should be stopped up, and the £ Ground and Soil of such of the said Portion of the said present £ Turnpike Road, and of the said Lane so stopped up, should by £ the Trustees of the said Road be sold to the Right Honourable £ James Waller Earl of Vend am (whose Lands adjoin thereto), if 6 Geo. IV, Go ' lie

Contracts to be submitted to a Committee of Trustees of the Hoads.

New lloads to be repaired by Commissioners for Two Yeai s, then to become Part of old Roads.

Subject to former Trusts and Statutes.

4 G.4. c. 74.

§ 92.

562

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

repealed.

Old Piece of Road at Saint Albans given up to Earl Verulam.

Old Piece of Road not to be stopped up until Six Calendar

: he should be desirous of purchasing the same, at a fair Valuation 1 to be made as therein mentioned; and in case the said Earl should not be desirous of purchasing the same, then the said Trustees should sell the same under any of the Regulations contained in the said recited Act, or in any of the Acts therein mentioned applicable thereto for the Sale of Land or Ground not wanted for the Purposes of the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road; and from thenceforth the said Road, Lane and Footways so to be stopped up should no longer be common Highways or Footways, or open to the King's Subjects to travel on or use the same; but the said Road and Lane, and the Ground and Soil thereof, should be and the same was thereby vested in the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, if he should purchase the same, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; and if he should not, then in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his,

her and their Heirs and Assigns forever: And Whereas the said James Walter Earl of Verulam hath offered to make, at his own Expence, the new Piece of Road that is necessary to connect the Approach to his Mansion Plouse called Gorhambury,

with the said new Cut or Piece of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn in Saint Albans aforesaid, on Condition that so much of the Ground and Soil by the said recited Act directed to be sold to the said Earl, in case he should be desirous of purchasing the same, should be given up to him without the Payment of any other Consideration for the same than the making of such new Piece of Road at his own Expence: And Whereas it would be advisable to accept the said Offer of the said Earl Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the Sale of the said Ground and Soil therein and hereinbefore described to the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, in case he should be desirous of purchasing the same at a Valuation, or in case he should not be desirous of purchasing the same, then to any other Person or Persons, be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That when and so soon as the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall at his or their Expence have made the new Piece of Road that is necessary to connect the Approach to his said Mansion House with the said new Cut or Piece of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn in Saint Albans aforesaid, then and immediately thereupon the said Ground or Soil, by the said recited Act directed to be sold to the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; and it is hereby declared, that a Certificate, signed by any Three of the Commissioners for the Time being, acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be conclusive Evidence that the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, hath or have at his or their Expence made such new Piece of Road as hereinbefore mentioned.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said present Turnpike Road from the Road to Hemel Hempstead at Saint Michael's to the Junction of the present Turnpike Road with the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road at or near the

Pond

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

565

Months aflter new One completed.

Road through Kingsbury Pightle to be stopped up.

Satisfaction to Owner.

Pond Yards, shall not be stopped up until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the said intended Cut or Piece of Road commencing at "the Peahen Inn shall have been completed and opened to the Public; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn in Saint Albans aforesaid shall be completed and opened to the Public, the Road or Way now made use of over a certain Close or Field of Pasture Land called Kingsbury Pightle, leading out of the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road towards Kingsbury Lane and Saint Michael's Street, shall be stopped up, to the Exclusion of all Persons now having a Right of Way and Passage over the said Road or Way; and that by Way of Recompence to Joshua Lomax Esquire, the present Owner and Occupier of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House and Farm, called Childwick Bury, and the future Occupier or Occupiers of the said Messuage or Mansion House and Farm, for the stopping up of such Road or Way as aforesaid, he and they, and all Persons in his or their Service or Employ respectively, shall at all Times for ever hereafter be wholly exempt from the Payment of any Toll or Tolls at any or either of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected and set up on or by the Side of the said intended new Road, for and in respect of any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage to be rode or driven by them or any of them through the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and shall be at liberty to go and pass through the same with such Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage without Hindrance or Interruption, so that the same shall belong to such Occupier or Occupiers, and not to any other Person or Persons; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And Whereas by the stopping up of the said present Turnpike Road from the Road to Hemel Hempstead at Saint Michael's, to the Junction of the present Turnpike Road with the said intended new Cut or Piece of Road at or near the Pond Ya?'ds, the Trustees of the Saint Albans Road will be prevented 6 from receiving the Tolls for Droves of Oxen or other neat Cattle,

Calves, Hogs, Sheep and Lambs, in the Manner they have been accustomed to do on that Part of the Road under their Care lying Westward of the Town of Saint Albans, and their llesources will be thereby considerably diminished, unless Provision is made for enabling them to receive such Tolls at the Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, and Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected and set up on or by the Side of the new Cut or Piece of Road Be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may be fully authorized and empowered, if they think fit, to employ and place a Collector or Collectors at the said Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, and Toll House or Toll Flouses, so to be erected and set up on and by the Side of the said intended new Road, for the Purpose of demanding, collecting, levying and receiving thereat, in Addition to the Tolls made payable thereat by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, the Tolls payable for or in respect of all or any of the said Droves as aforesaid, by virtue of an Act G:3. e.clviii.

O o 2 passed

Tolls for Droves of Cattle, &c. applied by Saint Albans Trust as directed by

564

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Payment of Tolls for Droves shall exempt from the Payment of Tolls the same Day at any other Turnpike erected by St. Albans Trust.

4 G. 4. c. 74.

§ 101.

repealed.

Commissioners to make new Road instead of Kingsbury Lane.

passed in the Fifty first Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenle3r, Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of PIertford and Middlesex.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Payment of such Tolls as aforesaid shall exempt the Person or Persons having the Care of the said Drove or Droves from the Payment of any further or other Toll or Tolls, in respect of the same Drove or Droves, at any other Turnpike or Toll Gate continued or to be erected by the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock'in the next succeeding Night; and that whenever the full Tolls'for or in respect of any such Drove or Droves shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as aforementioned, at any Toll Gate, Bar or Turnpike to be erected or set up on the said intended new Piece of Road, no more than One Half of the said Tolls shall be demanded or taken by any Collector or Collectors at any Turnpike or Toll Gate continued or to be erected by the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust on the following Day next after such Payment, to be computed as aforesaid, provided the Person or Persons having the Care of the said Drove or Droves shall produce to the said Collector or Collectors a Note or Ticket in Proof of the Payment of the full Toll for the same on the preceding Day.

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, that the Lane called Kingsbury Lane, passing from the present Turnpike Road at the Black Lion Public House in Saint Albans, to the said new Line of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn, should be widened, repaired and improved by the said Commissioners for carrying that Act into Execution: And Whereas, instead of widening Kingsbury Lane, it would be advisable to make a new Branch or Communication Road in lieu thereof, between the present Turnpike Road and the said new Line of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn: And Whereas the said James Walter Earl of Verulam hath offered to give to the said Commissioners so much Land belonging to him as will be required for making the said new Branch or Communication Road as aforesaid, on Condition that the said Lane called Kingsbury Lane, lying between Saint Albans and the new Road commencing at the Peahen Inn, should be given up to him in lieu of the said Land required for such new Branch or Communication Road as aforesaid: And Whereas it would be advisable to accept the Offer of the said Earl f Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the widening, repairing and improving of Kingsbury Lane aforesaid, be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall and may set out and make a new Branch or Communication Road, commencing at the Black Lion Public House in Saint Albans, and passing nearly in a straight Line across the Field called the Pond Yards, to the

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

565

said new Line of Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn; and such new Branch or Communication Road shall be made by the said Commissioners, with, under and subject to the same Powers, Provisions and Authorities as the other Alterations and Improvements to be made by the said Commissioners within the Limits of the Saint Albans Trust; and when and so soon as such new Branch or Communication Road shall be completed, the same shall become vested in the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, and shall become and be Part of the Turnpike Roads under their Care and Management, and shall be maintained, repaired and supported by and under the same Provisions, Enactments and Regulations as the other Roads repaired, maintained and supported by them; and when and so soon as such new Branch or Communication Road shall be completed and opened to the Public, the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to stop up the said Lane called Kingsbury Lane, and from and immediately after such Lane shall be so stopped up, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Ground and Soil thereof shall become vested in the said James Walter Earl of Verulam, for his absolute Use and Benefit.

XXXV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth G.4. c. 74. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Trustees of the § 92.

4 Saint Albans Trust are authorized and required, as soon as the said new Road commencing at or near the Peahen Inn shall be completed and opened to the Public, to cause Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses to be erected on or by the Side of such Part or Parts of the said new Road as to them shall seem most convenient; and to collect on the said new Road the Tolls in the said Act particularly mentioned, with Power to increase the said Tolls, except as therein mentioned, to double the Amount thereof, and again from time to time to reduce the same to not less than the Amount in the said Act specified; and the said Trustees of the said Saint Albans Trust are by the said recited Act authorized and required to execute an Assignment of the said Tolls and Toll Gates to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, as a Security for the Repayment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and it is by the said recited Act further enacted, that the said Tolls shall, when collected, be applied and disposed of by the said Trustees, subject nevertheless to the said Assignment of the same to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, in Manner following; (that is to say,) that so much of the Amount of the said Tolls as shall not exceed One hundred Pounds per Mile, in repairing and maintaining the said last mentioned new Road; and that the Residue of the Amount of the said last mentioned Tolls, after deducting the Expences of collecting the same, shall be annually accounted for and paid over by the said Trustees, to the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills, until the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest for the same after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have been paid off and discharged; and when the said Principal Sum, with the Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged, the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust are thereby authorized and required

4 to

566

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

repealed. Application of Tolls collected by St. Albans Trust on new Line of Road.

to reduce the said Tolls, and to demand so much Toll as will produce sufficient to defray the Expences of collecting and receiving such Tolls, and a Sum not exceeding One hundred ' and fifty Pounds per Mile, to be applied by them in the future ' Repairs and Maintenance of the said new Line of Road: And ' Whereas it is expedient that the Sum or Sums of Money to be ' advanced by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the Provisions aforesaid, with Interest for the same as hereinafter is mentioned, should be repaid out of the Tolls to be

collected on the said new Piece of Road, under the Authority ' of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as altered and amended by the Provisions hereinafter contained; And Whereas the Income of the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust will be sufficient for the Maintenance and Repair of the said new Line of Road, after the same shall have been completed and repaired for Two Years as in the

said recited Act and hereinbefore directed, and of the said 6 r>ranch or Communication Road to be made in lieu of Kingsbury ' Lane as aforesaid, and of the other Roads within the Limits of ' their Trust, without the Aid of any Tolls to be collected on the

said new Line of Road Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Application of any Part of the Money arising by the Tolls thereby directed to be collected and taken by the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, on the said new Line of Road as aforesaid, in the repairing and maintaining the said new Line of Road, and also such Parts of the said recited Act as are contrary to the Provisions next hereinafter contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust shall apply and dispose of the Tolls to be collected by them on the said new Line of Road, under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, in Manner following; that is to say, First, in defraying the Expences of collecting the said Tolls; Secondly, in paying to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills Interest at Four Pounds Centum per Annum, as

required by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the aforesaid Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, or on so much thereof as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid; Thirdly, in paying to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in completing and repairing the said new Piece of Road, and in making a new Branch or Communication Road in lieu of Kingsbury Lane, as hereinbefore directed, or on so much of the said Sum or Sums as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid; such Interest to be computed on the said Sum or Sums from the Time of advancing the same, and to be paid Half yearly, on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year; Fourthly, in repaying to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and lastly, in paying to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth

Year

6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

567

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Amount of the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in completing and repairing the said new Piece of Road, and in making a new Branch or Communication Road in lieu of Kingsbury Lane as hereinbefore directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Principal Sums and Interest to be paid out of the said Tolls as hereinbefore is directed shall have been fully paid off and discharged the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust shall cease to collect any Tolls on the said new Line of Road, and shall pull down and remove the Toll Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, and Toll House or Toll Houses, authorized and directed by the said recited Act to be erected and set up on or by the Side of the said new Line of Road.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assignment of the Tolls to be collected on the said new Line of Road, to be made by the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be made subject to the Provisions hereinbefore contained for the Payment of the Interest of the Sum or Sums to be advanced by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the Provisions of this Act, previously to the Payment to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills of the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as authorizes and requires the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, as soon as the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged, to reduce the said Tolls to be collected on the said new Line of Road, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Tolls to be collected on the said new Line of Road shall not produce an annual Sum sufficient to pay Interest, at the Rates hereinbefore respectively mentioned, on the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, or on so much thereof as shall for the Time being remain due and unpaid, and also on the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and repaid out of the said Tolls as aforesaid, or on so much of such Sum or Sums as shall for the Time being remain due and unpaid, together with the annual Sum of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum as a Sinking Fund, in the first Place, on the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and when the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall have been paid off, then as a Sinking Fund on the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and repaid out of the said Tolls as aforesaid, exclusive of and beyond the Charges of collecting the said Tolls, the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust shall and they are hereby required to exercise the Power given to them by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of increasing the said Tolls, by increasing the same to such an Amount as shall produce an annual Sum sufficient for the several Purposes aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees to increase the said Tolls to any greater Amount than is specified in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

When the Sums advanced by Commissioners are repaid with Interest, Tolls to cease.

Assignment of Tolls of St. Albans Trust to be subject to Payment of Interest.

4 G.4. c. 74. § 94.

repealed.

Trustees of St, Albans Trust to exercise Powers of increasing Tolls, if insufficient.

Proviso.

568

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182&

In case of Default of St. Albans Trust neglecting to collect Tolls and pay over same, Commissioners to take Possession of Gates, &c.

Trustees of Bilston Trust to continue additional Tolls.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust shall neglect or refuse to demand and collect, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as altered and amended by the Provisions hereinbefore contained, the Tolls which they are by the said recited Act and this Act authorized and required to demand and collect, or shall neglect or refuse to exercise, in the Manner hereinbefore required, the Power given to them by the said recited Act, of increasing the said Tolls in the said recited Act hereinbefore mentioned, or shall neglect or refuse to apply and dispose of the said Tolls in the Manner hereinbefore directed, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to take Possession of the Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses to be erected and set up on the said new Piece of Road, commencing at or near the Peahen Inn, under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, and to take, demand, recover and levy the Tolls by the said last mentioned Act and by this Act authorized to be taken, demanded and received on the said new Piece of Road, and to continue in the Possession of the said Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses, and in the Receipt of the said Tolls, until as well the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and in the Interest thereon, as also the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Povisions of this Act, and repaid out of the said Tolls, with Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and during such Time as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, continue in the Possession of the said Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses, and in the Receipt of the said Tolls, the said Trustees of the said Saint Albans Trust shall not be at Liberty to exercise or put in force, in or upon or in respect of the said new Piece of Road, any of the Powers, Authorities, Remedies or Provisions .given or contained in the said last mentioned Act, or in this Act, either expressly or by reference to the Powers, Authorities and Provisions in any other Act or Acts, as to other Parts of this Road under their Care, but all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Provisions shall and may be exercised and put in force in, upon and in respect to the said new Piece of Road, by the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any Three of them, as fulty and effectually as they might have been by the said Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, in case they had remained in Possession of the said Toll Gates or Bars, or Toll Houses, and in the Receipt of the said Tolls; and the Tolls to be collected by the said Commissioners, whilst so in Receipt thereof as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of by them in the same Manner as they would or ought to have been by the said Trustees of the said Saint Albans Trust, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, in case they had been collected and received by them.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Bilston Trust, and they are hereby required, to continue the additional Tolls by them imposed and raised, and now levied, for the Purpose of paying off the Sum of Three thousand Pounds advanced to them by the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills on or about the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and

secured

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

569

secured by a Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Trust of that Date, and a Charge of the same Date on the additional Tolls therein mentioned and referred to, until as well the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds so advanced, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, as also the Principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Trustees of the Bilston Trust to the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as hereinafter directed, together with all Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Bilston Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional Tolls by them imposed and raised, and now levied as aforesaid, subject and without Prejudice to the aforesaid Charge thereon, and also with and out of the additional Tolls to be taken by them as hereinafter directed, to repay to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in making, completing and repairing the said new Piece of Road hereinbefore described, within the Limits of the Bilston Trust, together with Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the completing and opening to the Public of the said new Cut or Piece of Road hereinbefore described, commencing in the Town of Wednesbury aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees of the Bilston Trust, and they are hereby authorized, if they shall think proper so to do, to remove the Toll Gate or Bar and Toll House now standing at Cocks Heath, or to sell and dispose of the same, and to erect and build a new Gate or Bar, and Toll House, in such Situation, at the Junction of the new Road and the old Road, near the Canal Bridge at Moxley and the Town of Bilston, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and to demand, collect and receive at the new Gate or Bar to be so erected, the same Tolls as they are now authorized to demand, collect and receive at the said Gate or Bar at Cocks Heath, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions in every respect; and the said Trustees of the Bilston Trust shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said new Road, where any Highway joins or meets the same, any Side Gates, with Toll Houses, and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniences and Fences, near to each such Side Gate, and shall and may demand, collect and receive, at each such Side Gate, the same Tolls as they are now authorized to demand, collect and receive at the said Gate or Bar at Cocks Heath, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions in every respect: Provided nevertheless, that any Person paying Toll for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, on passing through any One of the said Side Gates to be so erected, shall be exempted from Payment of any Toll at any other of the Side Gates or Bars, or at the new Gate or Bar to be so erected as aforesaid, for the same Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, during the same day; and in like Manner

Trustees of Bilston Trust to repay, out of additional Tolls, the Sums advanced under this Act for making new Road within their Trust.

After opening to the Public j the new Cut from Wednesbury, the Bilston Trust may remove the Gate at Cocks Heath.

Proviso.

Exemption.

570

Trustees of Wolverhampton Trust to continue additional Tolls.

f Sic.

1 & 2 G.4. c, 30.

Trustees of Wolverhampton Trust to repay, out of additional Tolls, the Sums advanced under this Act foi-lo wering Summer House Hill.

Trustees of Shi final District to continue additional Tolls.

C. 100. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ner any Person paying Toll for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, on passing through the said new Gate or Bar to be so erected, shall be exempted from Payment of any Toll at any One of the said Side Gates for the same Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, to continue the additional Toils by them imposed and raised and now levied, for the Purpose of paying off the Sum of Nine thousand j- advanced to them by the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, as follows; (that is to say,) the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, which was advanced on or about the Twentieth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and was secured by a Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Trust of that Date, and a Charge of the same Date on the additional Tolls therein mentioned and referred to; and the further Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, which was advanced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further improving the Roads hetvoeen London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury; and also of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which was advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Interest due and to become due on the said Advances respectively, until as well the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds so advanced, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, as also the Principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust to the Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as hereinafter directed, together with all Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XLVf. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional Tolls (subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof), to repay to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in lowering the said Hill called Summer House Hill, and repairing the new Piece of Road formed by lowering the same as hereinbefore directed, together with Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Shijfnal District of the Waiting Street Road, and they are hereby required to continue the additional Tolls by them imposed and raised, and now levied, for the Purpose of paying oif the Sum of two thousand Pounds, which was advanced to them under the Provisions and Authority of the said recited Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Interest due or to become due on the said Advance, until as well the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds so advanced, and all Interest due or to become due thereon, as

also

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

571

also the principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Trustees of the Shiffnal District of the Wailing Street Roads to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as hereinafter directed, together with all Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Shiffnal District of the Watting Street Road, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional Tolls (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof), to repay to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and to be applied in lowering the said Hill called Knotvles Bank, and repairing the new Piece of Road which will be formed by lowering the same, and also in making, completing and repairing the said new Cut or Piece of Road within the Limits of the Shiffnal District of the Watling Street Road, together with Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from time to time remain due and unpaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Shiffnal District of the Watling Street Road, and they are hereby authorized and requited, with and out of the original Tolls raised and levied by them within the Limits of their District under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, to pay to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof.

L. And be it further enacted, That the several additional Tolls which are and which are to be continued to be levied and raised as hereinbefore is directed, shall, during the Time that they are hereby required to be continued, be levied and raised, and be accounted for and paid over in the Manner and under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in case the said Trustees of the Bilston Trust, the said Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust, and the said Trustees of the Shiffnal District of the Watling Street Road, or any or either of them, shall refuse or neglect to continue the said additional Tolls, or shall lower the same, or shall make Default inPayment of the Sum or Sums to be paid by them as hereinbefore directed, or the Interest thereof, before the same Sums and the Interest thereof shall be fully paid off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enter upon and take Possession of the Toll Gates, Bars and Toll Houses of the Trustees making Default, and to collect, take, receive and recover the

Tolls

Trustees of Shiffnal District to repay, out of additional Tolls, the Sums advanced under this Act for Improvements within their Districts.

Trustees of Shiffnal District to pay to the Commissioners Three per Cent, on the Money advanced.

Tolls continued, subject to existing Powers and Provisions, with Powers for Commissioners of G. 4. to take Possession of Toll Gates in case of De- J fault.

572

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1 & 2 G. 4. C. 30.

4 G.4. c. 74.

§ CO.

Time enlarged for building Bridge over Menai Straits.

Application of Money paid by St. Albans and other Trusts to Commissioners.

Account of Money to different Trusts laid before I'ar-liament.

Tolls arising on the Ro&d under the Care of the Trustees making Default, and to pay over the same in Manner directed by the said Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by this Act, and to execute all the Powers, Provisions and Authorities in and by the said Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in such Case given, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in and by this Act.

LI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for building a Bridge over the Menai Straits, it was enacted, that if the said Commissioners for building the said Bridge should not, within Four Years from and after the passing of that Act, complete the said Bridge,

4 so as to make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by that Act should cease, determine and be void; and by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after reciting that it was necessary that further Time should be given for completing the said Bridge, it was enacted, that the said Provision should not take Effect and be in Operation, unless the said Commissioners thereby appointed should not complete the said Bridge, and make the same passable for Horses and Carriages within Two Years from the passing of that Act: And Whereas it is necessary that still further Time should be given for completing the said Bridge Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty shall not take Effect or be in Operation unless the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall not complete the said Bridge, and make the same passable for Horses and Carriages, within One Year from the passing of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money to be from time to time paid by the Trustees of the Saint Albans Trust, the Trustees of the Bilston Trust, the Trustees of the Wolverhampton Trust, and the Trustees of the Shiffnal District and the Wailing Street Road, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, to the said Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Repayment of the Money to be advanced pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid by them the said last mentioned Commissioners into the Exchequer, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund; and that the Receipts of the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any Three of them, for any Sums of Money to be so paid to them, shall be sufficient Discharges to the Trustees by whom the same shall be paid, and shall protect them from being bound to see to the Application thereof, or from being answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of' His Majesty's Treasury shall cause an annual Account to be made up to the Fifth Day of January in each Year, to be laid before Parliament, shewing the total Sum advanced by the said last mentioned Commissioners, under and by virtue of this Act, to the

Comrais-

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 100.

573

Commissioners acting in Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also the Amount secured upon each of the Trusts to which the said Money is directed to be applied, together with the Amount unpaid by each of the Trusts in respect of the Principal Sum advanced, and also shewing the Amount of the Principal Money remaining due from each of these Trusts on the Day to which the Account is made up, and a Computation of the Interest due thereon up to the said Day.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth to make Branch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall and they are here- sea from^lenai by authorized, with the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Bridge. Occupiers of the Lands through which the same shall pass, to set out and make a Branch or Communication Road in the Island of Anglesea, from the Bridge across the Menai Straits, in a direct Line to the old Turnpike Road, of sufficient Dimensions.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned To become Branch or Communication Road shall, when the same shall be Common High-completed, become and be deemed Common Highway, and shall wa7> and re-be maintained and repaired as such by the Persons liable to the ^aire Repair of Common Highways in the Places or Districts through which the same shall pass.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Pit or Shaft Power to enter has been sunk or made, or shall be sunk or made, for the Purpose ^ines where of working any Mines, Quarries or other Works, within the Dis- Stmfis

tance of Two hundred Yards of any Part of the said Roads herein- within 2ooSUn before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Yards of the Trustees or Commissioners within whose Limits or District the Road.

Road next to such Mines, Quarries or other Works aforesaid shall be situated, and to and for such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think necessar}^ to enter upon the Land or Ground where such Pits or Shafts shall be so sunk or made as aforesaid, and to descend and go down into the Mines, Quarries and Works within or under the same, and for that Purpose to have the full and free Use of all and every or any of the Shafts, Windlasses, Ropes, Engines, Gins,

Machinery and other Things then in use, within, about or belonging to the said Mines, Quarries and Works, both in descending and going down into the said Mines, Quarries and Works respectively, and in ascending and coming up from the same, or any of them, for the Purpose of viewing, examining and inspecting the said Mines, Quarries and Works, as such Trustees, Commissioners or other Persons as aforesaid shall think necessary.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person Obstructing or Persons shall resist or make forcible Opposition against any Commissioners, such Trustees, Commissioners or other Persons who may be era- &c' ployed in the Inspection of any Mines, Quarries or Works as aforesaid, every such Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Dis- Penalty, cretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom he or they shall be convicted.

[Public Act.]

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of

574

C. 100.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Description of Premises. Parish. County. Owners' Names Tenants' Names. Occupiers' Names.

Part of triangular I Garden - J Darlaston Stafford John Blakemore Jacob Tvvigg Titus Low.

Part of a narrow 1 Do. - J Do. and Wednesbury Do, Thomas Lowe - William Spittle.

: A Smith's Shop - Wednesbury Do. Samuel Lloyd, - Samuel Lloyd.

A Garden Do. Do. Isaiah Danks _ Thomas Mason.

Part of Do. Narrow Slip of Do. Do. Do. - William Banner.

Do. and Pig v Stye - j Do. Do. John Deely - - John Deely.

Do. and Privy Do. Do. Joseph Dudley _ Henry Robison.

Do. Do. Do. Heirs of the late James Haywood I: - Samuel Edge,

Do. J Thomas and Joseph Laxdales C Thomas Espley)

Do. Do. J and Heirs of the late J, > Samuel Edge.

Do. Do. Do. (_ Hayward C Thomas Espley ))

Do. *s and Samuel L Martin - > Joseph Wood,

f Trustees.

Edw'ard Wright

and

An Angle of a 1 Timber Yard $ Do. Do.^; Joseph Addison Owners. Edward Wright jun. John Addison, and Char- > - - John Sutton.

I lotte Bayley.

A Dwelling House Do. Do. Do. _ Thomas Davis.

Do. Do. Do. Do. _ Richard Hulm.

An Angle of a ? Garden - 3 Do. Do. 5 Thomas and Joseph Laxdales \ - - Charles Gasser.

Do. Do. Do. Richard and William Wilson \ - - Godfrey Ward.

A narrow Slip"

from the Yard or Court of

an Independent Chapel, Part of V Do. Do Society of I C Society of

a Road, and | of a School house and Garden thereto belonging - _> Independents \ - ' I Independents.

Part of a Two 'I 7 Thomas Lees,

StoryDwelling Do. Do.

[Joseph Lees, and C - David .Lees.

House - J 3 Mary Walton)

Do. of Do. Do. Do. Do. - William Did-£ deridge.

A House unoc-"

cupied, an an- 1

gular Piece of | Ground, and an open Space ly- Do. Do. Isaiah Danks - Isaiah Danks,

ing along Wed-I nesbury Street _ 1

A.D. 1825.

6 GEO. IV. C. 101.

575

CAP. Cl.

An Act to provide for the repairing, maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS certain Roads and Bridges in Irelandhzive been made wholly or in part at the Public Expence, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for keeping the same ' in Repair at the Expence of the several Counties in or through which the same shall have been made; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to order, direct and appoint that the Directors from time to time for the Time being, of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, appointed for the Execution of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the raising of the said Sum by Loan, or under any Act or Acts for amending the same, shall act a: Commissioners for the Execution of this present Act; and such Directors oflnl and Navigation from time to time for the Time being shall thereupon and from thenceforth be and become Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that, after the said Roads and Bridges have been completed, the Maintenance and Repair of the same should be placed under the Direction of the Commissioners hereby appointed Be it therefore enacted, That, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to appoint, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, One or more Inspector or Inspectors of such Roads and Bridges in Ireland, as have been or shall be wholly or in part made at the Public Expence, and such Superintendants and other Officers as they shall see fit for the Purposes of this Act, and to pay and allow each and every of such Inspectors and Officers such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, in Compensation for their Services, or in Remuneration of any Expences incurred by them or any of them, in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Road or Bridge, nor any Portion' of any Road or Bridge, shall be repaired or maintained and kept in Repair, under the Provisions of this Act, unless One Half of the original Cost of making such Road or Bridge, or Portion thereof, shall have been or shall be defrayed at the Public Expence, unless such Road or Bridge shall have been completed subsequent to the First of January One thousand eight hundred

Directors of Inland Navigation under 40 G.3. (I.) ' c. 51. may, on Order of the, Lord Lieutenant, act as Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

Commissioners, may appoint Inspectors and Superintendants, Sec.

Salary.

Description of Roads, &c. which may be repaired under this Act, Order of Lord Lieutenant necessary.

576

C. 101.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

On Application of Commis si oners, Lord Lieutenant may order Advances out of Consolidated Fund for Repair of Roads and Bridges.

Expence of repairing Roads certified by Commissioners to Lord Lieutenant, and by his Chief Secretary to the Grand Jury of the County, who shall raise the same off the County by Presentment,

hundred and twenty; and it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to take charge of any such Road or Bridge, or any Portion thereof, until the same shall have been specially placed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, signified to such Commissioners by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Application of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three of them, setting forth what Sum will be requisite and necessary from time to time for the Repair of any Road or Bridge, or any Portion of any Road or Bridge, which shall have been made wholly or in part as aforesaid at the public Expence, and stating the Nature, Situation and Extent of such Road or Bridge, or Portion thereof respectively, and of the Repairs required to the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in case he or they shall think fit and proper so to do, to direct, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, that any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in any One Year required by such Commissioners, or any Part thereof, shall be advanced and paid to the said Commissioners out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, arising in Ireland, to be applied under the Directions of the said Commissioners in the repairing and maintaining of any such Roads or Bridges, or any Portion thereof, and in and towards the Execution of the Purposes of this Act, under the Direction of the said Commissioners and their Officers.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Road or Bridge, or any Portion thereof, shall be putin good and sufficient Repair under the Directions of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, the said Commissioners shall certify to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the total Amount of the Expence incurred by such Repair, with all such Particulars thereof as shall be required by such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Absence, for the Under Secretary, to certify to the Grand Jury of any and every County within which any such Road or Bridge, or any Portion thereof, shall be situate respectively, the Amount of Money which shall have been expended upon the Repair of such Road or Bridge, or Portion thereof, within any and every such County respectively, out of the Advances authorized by this Act; and every such Certificate shall at the next or some succeeding Assizes be laid before the Grand Jury of any and every such County respectively; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of any and every such County respectively, and any and every such Grand Jury are hereby authorized and required to make Presentment of the Amount of such Expences, as stated in such Certificate to be raised off such County at large; and when and as socn as the Sum so to be presented as aforesaid shall be raised and received by the

Treasurer

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 101.

5 77

Treasurer of any and every such County respectively, such Treasurer shall pay over the same respectively to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such Road or Bridge, or Portion thereof, shall be respectively situate.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Bridge which shall be repaired or maintained under the Provisions of this Act shall be situate partly in one County and partly in another, the Expence of the repairing and maintaining of such Bridge shall be borne and defrayed equally between the several Counties; and the Certificates and Presentments required by this Act shall be made and raised accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt, Application and Expenditure of all Monies advanced and paid to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or to any Person acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners, shall be accounted for before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to make all such Rules and Regulations, and to give all such Orders and Directions, as they may think proper for the more effectual Execution of this Act, in the Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired: Provided always, that such Rules and Regulations, Orders and Directions, shall not be inconsistent with the Laws in force in Ireland, or with the Provisions of this Act, and shall be notified to the Persons severally required to conform to such Rules, Regulations, Orders and Directions respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each and every Year, a Report shall be made to both Houses of Parliament by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, (or if Parliament shall not then f sitting, within Twenty one Days after Parliament shall next meet,) of all the Proceedings of such Commissioners pursuant to and in execution of this Act, with a general Abstract of their Receipts and Expenditure in carrying this Act into Execution, during the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of December preceding.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any of them, or any Inspectors, Surveyors, Superintendants, Overseers, Workmen, Officers or Persons respectively, acting under or employed by the said Commissioners, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time to enter into and upon all and every or any such Roads or Bridges, and to survey the same, and to enter upon any Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Roads or Bridges which the said Commissioners, or any Inspector, Surveyor, Superintendant, Overseer or Workmen employed under them, shall find it expedient, that any Drain should be carried for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector or Surveyor to be appointed by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to empower any Person or Persons as such Inspector or Surveyor shall nominate, by Writing

6 Geo. IV. P p under

to be paid to Collector of Excise.

Expence of Bridges between Counties borne equally.

Accounts laid before Commissioners of j Public Accounts.

Commissioners of Act to make Rules and Regulations.

Proviso.

Commissioners to report annually to Parliament, f Sic.

Commissioners may enter upon and survey Roads or Bridges, or adjacent Grounds.

Inspector and Surveyor of Roads may dig Gravel, &c. in private Grounds,

578

C. 101.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

(Exceptions) making Satisfaction for Damages.

Injuring or obstructing Roads.

Notice to remove Obstructions, Sec.

under his Hand, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, Sand or other Materials out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, whether the same be inclosed or uninclosed (not being the Ground whereon any Plouse or Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Planted Walk or Walks or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away the same, or so much thereof as the said Inspector or Surveyor shall judge necessary for repairing the Roads or Bridges to be repaired under the Provisions of this Act; and in case the said Materials shall be taken from or carried through any Arable Land, the said Inspector, or the Person appointed by him as aforesaid, shall give at least Seven Days' Notice in Writing to the Owners or Occupiers respectively of the said Ground, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, carried away or over which the same shall be carried: Provided always, that the said Commissioners and their several Inspectors, Overseers, Surveyors, Agents, Deputies, Officers and Workmen shall do as little Damage as maybe in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and shall make Satisfaction to the Owners of and other Persons interested in any such Lands and Grounds which shall be prejudiced for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act, in case the same shall be demanded, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as the Overseers of Inland Navigation or public Roads in Ireland are authorized and directed by several Acts in force in Ireland to make Compensation, and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners and their Inspectors, Overseers, Surveyors, Agent, Deputies, Officers and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do in respect thereof by virtue of the Powers of this Act granted to them respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector, Surveyor or other Officer of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall observe any Nuisances or Encroachments, Obstruction of Ditches, Drains, Gutters or Watercourses, or any other Annoyances whatsoever, made, committed or permitted in or upon or to the Prejudice of any Roads or Bridges to be repaired or maintained under the Provisions of this Act, or shall observe any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peat, Dung, Soil, Compost or Ashes deposited or remaining thereon, or if any Person shall remove or carry away any Earth, Sand, Gravel or Stones forming Part of any such Roads, or shall turn or dam any Water thereon; or if any Proprietor or Occupier shall neglect to cleanse or scour any Ditches or Watercourses affecting such Roads, such Inspector, Surveyor or Officer shall give or cause to be given to any Person or Persons doing, committing or permitting the same, personal Notice or Notices in Writing, to be left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions or Annoyances consist; and if the same shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses effectually cleansed and opened within Seven Days next after such Notice

shall

A.D. 182$.

6° GEO. IV. C. 101, 102.

79

shall have been given as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Inspector, Surveyor, Officer and the Person employed by them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered forthwith to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses; and *the Persons neglecting to observe and obey the above mentioned Notice, shall repay to such Inspector, Surveyor or other Officer, such Charges as shall be adjudged to be reasonable by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, and shall also forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall be levied and recovered, with Expences of Process, in a summary Way, before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed, and such Sum shall be paid to such Inspector, Surveyor or other Officer of the said Commissioners, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in every such Case the Order and Adjudication of any such Justices of the Peace shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. v

XII. And Whereas by an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending several Acts for the 6 Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works, and for other Purposes, in Ireland; it was among other things provided and enacted, that no Order for the Payment of any Money under certain Presentments and Estimates in the said Act mentioned,

should be made after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of the said Act; and it is expedient that further Time should be allowed for effectuating the Purposes of the said Act,

4 in relation to Roads and other Public Works Be it enacted, That any Order or Orders for the Payment of any Money under any such Presentment or Estimate, in respect of Roads or Public Works, as in the said Act are mentioned, shall and may be made at any Time within One Year next after the Time limited by the said Act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force to the First Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Act to amend the Laws respecting deserted Children in

Ireland.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by Two Acts, passed in the Reign of His late V? Majesty King George the Third by the Parliament of Ireland, it is amongst other Things provided, that the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling shall be leviable on any Parish in Ireland for the Support of each deserted Child found therein: And Whereas the Sum of Five Pounds is now required to be paid previous to the Reception of any such deserted Child into the General Foundling Hospital of Dublin, transmitted from any such Parish as aforesaid: And Whereas no Fund at present exists, either to pay the Expence of maintaining such deserted Children in the Parishes wherein found, or of transmitting them to the City of Dublin: Now, for Remedy hereof, be it enacted

Neglecting the same, &c.

Penalty.

Order of Justices final.

1 G.4. c. 81.

§ 14.

Order for Payment of Money advanced.

Continuance of Act.

580

C. 102, 103.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Parishes to levy such additional Suras as shall be necessary for maintaining deserted Children.

Amount levied in one Year for. each Child.

Proviso for Cork.

Continuance of Act.

39 G.3. c.xliv.

45 G.3. c. 32.

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the several Parishes in Ireland to raise and levy such additional Sum as may be necessary for maintaining such deserted Children as shall be found therein, until such Children shall be admitted into the General Foundling Hospital as aforesaid, and for transmitting such deserted Children thither; which additional Sum for Maintenance and Transmission shall be raised, levied and accounted for in like Manner, and subject to the same Controul, as is by the said hereinbefore recited Act provided with respect to the Five Pounds now leviable by Law.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no greater Sum than Fifty Shillings shall be raised and levied in any one Year for the Support of any such deserted Child or Foundling, for his or her Maintenance or Transmission to the General Foundling Hospital of Dublin.

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the City or Liberties of Cork.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force for Two Years from the passing thereof, and no longer.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to acquire certain Portions of the Docks and Shore Ground at Leith for a Naval Yard, and to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money on the Security of the Docks and of the Harbour of Leith.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled

An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, Power was given to the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, to make and construct a Wet Dock or Docks, and a Lock or Locks, and New Piers, Quays and Dry Docks in the Harbour of Leith, and to make and construct various other Works in and about the said Harbour of Leith, and connected therewith, and for effecting these Purposes to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, and to levy and collect the several Rates and Duties therein specified: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement (f the Harbour of Leith, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of jEdinburgh, and their Successors in Office, were authorized and empowered (in addition to the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds by the said last recited Act authorized to be borrowed) to borrow a further Sum of Money, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of the said last recited

Act:

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108. 581

Act: And Whereas by another Act made in the Forty fifth 45 G. 3 c.iH.

4 Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the Completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith,

the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain were authorized and empowered to issue and advance the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, or their Successors in Office, to be applied § 1 *

4 in completing the said Wet Docks and other Works in and about the said Harbour of Leith, in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty; and for Security of the Repayment of the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum,

the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, or their Successors, were directed to assign to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, all the Rates and Duties arising from the said Harbour, Docks and other Works, and all Quays, Houses, Lands and other Property purchased for the Purposes of the said Harbour, Docks and other Works: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty 47 G.3. c.iii.

seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending. Two Acts of the Twenty eighth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads and widening others, adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour, certain Alterations g 25. 29.

were made on the Rates and Duties authorized to be levied and collected under the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty; and the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office,

were authorized to levy certain other Rates and Duties in respect of the Docks and other Works in the said Harbour:

And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of 53 g.3.

the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for raising c.xxxiii.

4 a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith connected, the said Lord Provost,

4 Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, were authorized and empowered, in addition to the Two Sums of Eighty thousand Pounds authorized to be borrowed by the said recited Acts of the Thirty ninth and Forty fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to borrow a further Sum of Money, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, to be applied in the Improvement of the said Harbour of Leith and Works therewith connected: And Whereas, in virtue of the Powers contained in the said recited Acts, the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of Edinburgh have constructed Two Wet - Docks and various Drawbridges, Dry Docks and other Works therewith connected, for the Accommodation of the Trade of Leith; and for effecting these Purposes, in addition to the said

P p 3- 4 Sum

582

C. 103.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

3 G.4, cv91.

S5.

City of Edinburgh empowered to convey to Commissioners of Navy so much of Wet Docks and Shore Ground herein described as shall be required for the Construction of a Naval Yard.

Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, advanced by the Lords of the Treasury in Manner before mentioned, have borrowed and expended the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds authorized to be borrowed by the said recited Acts, and in Securit}' thereof have granted Bonds with Assignments of the said Docks and other Works, and the Rates and Duties payable in respect of the same, to the Creditors who have advanced the Sums contained in such Bonds: And Whereas it will be of Advantage to the Public if a Part of the said Wet Docks and other Property belonging to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, adjacent to the said Docks, were converted into a Naval Yard for the Service of His Majesty's Navy: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode of accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, certain Regulations were made as to Feus or Alienations of the Heritable Property, being Part of the Common Good of such Burghs; and it is expedient thgt such Regulations should be dispensed with in regard to the Property to be converted into a Naval Yard as aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and notwithstanding of any Proviso, Matter or Thing in the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, it shall and may be lawful to the said Lord Provost, ' Magistrates and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, to grant, dispone and convey to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, and their Successors in Office, for the Use and Behoof of His Majesty, and for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, and for such other public Service or Services as His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall from time to time, by any Order in Council, be pleased to direct, so much of the said Wet Docks and other Property thereto belonging, as lies to the West of a Line drawn from the Sea Wall on the North to the Street running along the South Front of the Warehouses erected on the Land Side of the said Wet Docks on the South, at right Angles across the Western Wet Dock, at the Distance of One hundred and sixty Feet to the Eastward of the inner Side of the West Wall of the said Western Wet Dock, including the Northern and Western Sea Walls, Wharfs, Warehouse Ground and all other Subjects belonging to the said Wet Docks, lying to the Westward of the said Line; and also so much of the Shore Ground belonging to the Community of the said City, lying to the Westward of the said Wet Docks, as shall be required for the Construction of such Naval Yard, which Shore Ground is bounded on the South by the Road along the Shore between Leith and Nevchaven, such Shore Ground to be occupied to such Extent to Seaward as to the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy shall seem proper.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 102

583

mentioned without Fee.

II. And be it enacted, That any Conveyance of the said Pre- Form of Con-

mises to be made and executed by the said Lord Provost, Magis- veyance to be extrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to the said principal p70tvost^ke, °rCl Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time 'c

being, and their Successors in Office, shall be made and executed

in such Manner and Form as shall be directed by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the said Conveyance Treasury may being executed in Manner aforesaid, the Commissioners of His advance Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 240, oooo 1. to Ireland, or any Three of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to pay off the several Bonds granted by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, for or in respect of the aforesaid Sums borrowed by them for the Purposes of the said Docks, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds in the whole.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money ad-Money to be issued and advanced by the said Commissioners of

His Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid, shall be paid, without any i^to Bank of U Fees or other Deductions whatsoever, into the Bank of Scotland, Scotland, &c. to or Roj^al Bank of Scotland, or Bank of the British Linen Com- Credit of Per-pany, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall see fit to sons herein direct; and the Sums so paid in shall be placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Banks respectively, in the Names of Sir Henry Jardine Knight, King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time being, Adam Duff Esquire, Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh, or the Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh for the Time being; and William Knight Dehany Esquire, Solicitor of His Majesty's Excise in Scotland, or the Solicitor of His Majesty's Excise in Scotland for the Time being; to be applied in Manner hereinafter directed; and the Sum or Sums of Money so Interest atto be advanced by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- Three per Cent, sury as aforesaid, shall bear Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, till the same shall be repaid, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money Money to be so to be paid into the said Banks as aforesaid shall, together with aPP|, e(l lx\ any Bank Interest accruing thereon, with all convenient Dispatch p^ds °

be applied by the said Sir Henry Jardine, Adam Dxff and William Knight Dehany, or their respective Successors in Office, in purchasing and acquiring the Bonds granted in respect of the said Docks to the different Creditors interested therein, and upon Payment of the Sums contained in such Bonds, the same shall be conveyed and assigned by the respective Creditors therein to the said Sir Henry Jardine, Adam Duff and William Knight Dehany, or their respective Successors in Office: Provided always, that the Interest due upon all such Bonds to the Time of such Payment shall be borne and defrayed by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh.

P p 4< VI. And

58 *

C. 103.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Hates arising from the Harbour, Docks, &c. to be assigned as a Security for the Money advanced.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That as soon as the said Bonds shall have been fully purchased and acquired, and conveyed and assigned as aforesaid, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall, and they are hereby required to make and grant to the said Barons of Exchequer in Scotland and their Successors in Office, on behalf of the Public, and in such Manner and Form as the said Barons shall direct, an Obligation for Repayment of the said Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, and an Assignment in Security thereof of all the Rates and Duties arising from the said Harbour, Docks and other Works, by virtue of the said recited Acts, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, in and to the same, and all Quays, Houses, Lands or other Property purchased for the Purposes of the said Harbour, Basins, Docks and other Works, until the said Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same at and after the Rate of Three Pounds jier Centum per Annum, shall be fully satisfied and paid.

Bonds to be VII. And be it further enacted, That after such Obligation and

cancelled when Assignment shall be made and completed in manner aforesaid, paid off, and the the wi10]e of the Bonds which shall have been purchased and ac-completed"1 quired by the said Sir Henry Jarcline, Adam Duff and William Knight Dehany, or their respective Successors in Office, under the Powers hereinbefore contained, shall be cancelled and delivered over to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council shall be bound and obliged to pay to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in every Year the Sum

Providing a Sinking Fund of 2 per Cent, for the Extinc-

Proviso.

tion of the Debt of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Capital Sums due to the which may be issued and advanced as aforesaid, out of which the

Public. Interest, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid,

shall be paid in the first Place upon such Capital Sums so to be issued and advanced as aforesaid, or upon such Part thereof as shall be at the Time due and owing, and the Remainder of such Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Payment and Extinction of the Sums to be issued and advanced as aforesaid: Provided always, that till Extinction and Payment of the whole Sums so to be issued and advanced as aforesaid, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council shall continue to pay to the said Commissioners of the Treasury at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the whole Sums originally issued and advanced as aforesaid, without regard to any Reduction thereof through means of the said Sinking Fund, until the whole Sums so issued and advanced shall be wholly extinguished and paid, and also until the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, advanced and owing as aforesaid, shall be wholly extinguished and paid in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the yearly Produce of the Rates and Duties payable for and in respect of the said Docks and other Works connected therewith shall, after paying the annual Expences of keeping the said Docks and other Works in repair, and the Expences of Management, amount to a Sum greater than

shall

Application of the Surplus Rates.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 103.

585

shall be sufficient to pay the said Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Sinking Fund at the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the whole Sums so to be issued and advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest at the reduced Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum as hereinafter mentioned, upon the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, issued and advanced by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, such surplus Revenue shall, until the whole Sums originally issued and advanced by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid shall have been repaid by the Operation of the said Sinking Fund, be applied in the first Place in repaying to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council the Sums they may have paid after the passing of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, beyond what they may have received from the net Produce of the said Rates and Duties arising from the said Docks and other Works connected therewith; and the Residue, if any, shall be applied in aid of the said Sinking Fund to reduce the Capital of the said Debt.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Interest payable on the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, issued and advanced by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall cease and determine, and such Interest shall thenceforward be payable at the reduced Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and after Repayment of the said Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, by the Operation of the said Sinking Fund, such Sinking Fund shall be applied in Repayment and Extinction of the said Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds so issued and advanced as aforesaid.

XI. And Whereas it will be of Advantage to His Majesty's ' Service at the said Naval Yard, and to the Trade of the Port £ of Leith, that the Entrance to the said Harbour and Docks at 1 Leith should be improved, by the Extension of the present L Eastern Pier Be it therefore enacted, That in case the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh shall, within One Year after the passing of this Act, enter into an Agreement with the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, binding and obliging themselves, within a Time to be therein limited, to expend upon the Extension of the said Eastern Pier, and on Works therewith connected, for the Improvement of the Entrance to the said Harbour and Docks, according to a Plan to be fixed and settled by the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Twenty eight thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to accept and receive from the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, yearly and every Year, for the Twelve Years next succeeding the Issue and Advance so to be made to them out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland as aforesaid, the Sum of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum} in lieu of the said Sum of Five Pounds per

Centum

Interest on the 25,000l. advanced under 45 G.3. c. 114. reduced to 3 per Cent.

In case Lord Provost, &c. enter into an Agreement to improve and extend the Eastern Pier as herein mentioned, Treasury may advance 28,000l. on die Terms herein mentioned.

58 6

C. 103, 101.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Power to erect a Pier at the Naval Yard.

Certain Duties] of Customs repealed;

except Duties in arrear, and Fines, &c.

Duties as specified in annexed Tables

Centum per Annum upon the whole Capital Sums which may be issued and advanced as aforesaid, out of which the Interest thereof, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be paid in Manner before mentioned; and the Remainder of such Sum of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be applied as a Sinking Fund also in Manner before mentioned, for the Payment and Extinction of the Sums so to be issued and advanced as aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, to erect, at such Naval Yard as aforesaid, a Pier for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, in such Manner as to them shall seem proper.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Customs, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Bounties on Refined Sugar; and to alter the Bounty on Cordage.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks upon certain Goods enumerated in the Tables annexed to i this Act should be repealed, and that other Duties and Drawbacks should be granted and made payable in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Duties of Customs payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under or by virtue of any Act or Act& in force immediately before the passing of this Act, upon the Importation, into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of any of the Articles enumerated in the Tables marked (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act, and the respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation from, any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of any of the said Articles, and also upon the Use and Consumption of any of the said Articles within the said United Kingdom, except as hereinafter provided; and the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of any of the Articles enumerated in the Tables marked (C.) and (D.) to this Act annexed; and the Duties of Customs upon Coals, Culm and Cinders carried coastwise, enumerated in the Table marked (E.) to this Act annexed, and the Drawbacks in respect of the same, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases and so far as shall relate to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the said Duties and Drawbacks respectively, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which may remain unpaid or not allowed, or which shall have been incurred at any Time on or before the Time when such Duties and Drawbacks shall respectively cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money and without

6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

587

A.D. 1825.

out any Discount whatever, upon the Goods, Wares and Merchandize specified in the Tables marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) respectively to this Act annexed, imported or brought into, or exported from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or carried coastwise, the several Duties of Customs, and there shall be allowed the several Drawbacks, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawbacks, granted, allowed and made payable on the Exportation, or on the Use and Consumption of any of the Articles specified in the Table to this Act annexed, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof, under any Act or Acts in force before the passing of this Act, and which shall be exported, or used and consumed, after the passing of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Drawback shall be allowed for any Articles used in bleaching of Linen, nor for any Brimstone used for making Oil of Vitriol, which shall not have been so used respectively before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, nor unless such Drawback be duly claimed before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares or Merchandize specified in the Table to this Act annexed to pay the Duties thereon upon the Importation or landing of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in any Part of the United Kingdom, in any Case where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may or might by Law be warehoused or otherwise secured without Payment of Duty, or in any Case where the whole or any Part of the Duties on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are or may be permitted to be secured by bond or otherwise; but that in all such Cases the Duties specified in the Table to this Act annexed may be secured by Bond or otherwise, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, as are or may be contained in any Act or Acts for that Purpose, except where it is otherwise provided by this Act: Provided also, that in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize specified in the Table to this Act annexed, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, at any Time on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize out of such Warehouse, or from any Place wherein the same shall be secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in any Part of the United Kingdom, then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported and warehoused before the passing of this Act; except where it is otherwise provided by this Act.

to be levied instead.

Goods having paid Duties imposed by former Acts, entitled to Drawback.]

Proviso as to Articles used in bleaching of Linen, and Brimstone used for Oil of Vitriol.

Proprietor not compelled to pay Duty, where Bond is allowed.

Duties to be paid on Goods taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Wine in Bottles liable to Duty.

Proviso for Entry of Wine for Prizage.

c. 13. ante.

Privilege of Mauritius.

Goods from Cape of Good Hope subject to Duties.

Former Acts extended to this Act.

Monies to arise by this Act carried to Consolidated Fund.

58 G.3. c. 34. as continued by 5 G.4. c. 35., further continued till 5th July 1825.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all Sorts of Wine imported into the United Kingdom in Bottles, shall be liable to the same Duties as the like Sorts would be respectively liable to if imported in Casks; any Thing in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to reduce the Duties on Wine, Coffee and Hemp, imported into the United Kingdom, shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect any Right to enter Wine for Prizage at any Port in England or Wales, where such Right has not been purchased by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the Authority of any Act made for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods the Produce of the Island of Mauritius, imported into the United Kingdom, shall be subject to the same Duties as the like Goods being the Produce of the British Possessions in the West Indies are subject to under this Act; and that Goods the Produce of the Cape off Good Hope, its Territories and Dependencies, imported into the United Kingdom, shall be subject to the same Duties as the like Goods being the Produce of British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter are subject to under this Act; except in Cases wherein any other Duty is particularly charged thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties imposed or continued by this Act shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize are or may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of inflicting and recovering the same, as any Goods, Wares or Merchandize specified in this Act, or in the Tables thereto annexed, or any the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, are particularly subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be appropriated in like Manner, and to the like Services, as the Duties by this Act repealed would have been if this Act had not passed.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation off Refined Sugar ffrom any Part off the United Kingdom, and to allots other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day off July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size off the Packages in which Refined Sugar may he exported; and which by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament was continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

589

eight hundred and twenty five, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, be further continued, and the same is hereby continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

XI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the present Session c of Parliament, the Duty of Customs upon rough Hemp imported ' into the United Kingdom will, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, be reduced; ' and it is just and reasonable that the Bounty allowed on Cord-6 age made of such Hemp exported Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, for all Cordage which shall not have been shipped for Exportation on or before that Day, the Bounty now allowable upon Cordage exported from the United Kingdom shall cease and determine; and that in lieu thereof there shall be allowed for Cordage and Spun Yarn exported from the United Kingdom, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, (not having been previously shipped as aforesaid,) the Bounty hereinafter set forth and expressed; (that is to say,) Cordage or Spun Yarn, white or tarred, being Staple Cordage or Stable Spun Yarn, not Twice laid, wrought up and manufactured in the United Kingdom from Foreign rough Hemp not being the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, nor of the East Indies, nor of China, nor imported by the East India Company, for every Hundred Weight Three Shillings and Ten Pence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty hereby allowed for Cordage and Spun Yarn shall be allowed for such Cordage and Spun Yarn made into and fitted up as Rigging: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Officer of the Customs to make such Deductions from the Weight of such Rigging as shall in his Discretion be equal to the Weight of any Materials other than such Cordage and Spun Yarn forming Part of and being weighed together with such Rigging.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty allowed on any Cordage or Spun Yarn by this Act, shall be allowed and paid in the like Manner and under the like Conditions, as far as the same are applicable, as the Bounty hereby made to cease would have been allowed and paid if this Act had not been passed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by His Order in Council, from time to time to order and direct, that there shall be levied and collected any additional Duty, not exceeding One fifth of the Amount of any existing Duty, upon all or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Country, which shall levy higher or other Duties upon any Article the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Dominions, than upon the like Article the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other Foreign Country; and in like Manner to impose such additional Duties upon all or any Goods when imported in the Ships of any Country which shall levy higher or other Duties upon any Goods when imported in British Ships, than when imported in the National Ships of such

Country

Bounty on 1 Cordage exported, reduced to 3s. 10d. after4 5th July 1825.

Cordage made into Rigging, entitled to the same Bounty.

Present Bounty under same Conditions as Bounty repealed.

Reciprocal Duties to be levied on Foreign Merchandize, &c,

590

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Register

Bonds.

Small Coals canned coastwise, paying Duty of Is. per Chaldron, subject to Regulations of 56 G.3. c. 127.

No Coals admitted as screened, unless certified by Owner, and Duty paid.

The Orphans* Fund.

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10. § 10.

Country, or which shall levy higher or other Tonnage or Port or other Duties upon British Ships than upon such National Ships, or which shall not place the Commerce or Navigation of this Kingdom upon the Footing of the most favoured Nation in the Ports of such Country; and either to prohibit the Importation of any manufactured Article, the Produce of such Country, in the Event of the Export of the raw Material of which such Article is wholly or in part made, being prohibited from such Country to the British Dominions; or to impose an additional Duty, not exceeding One fifth as aforesaid, upon such manufactured Article; and also to impose such additional Duty in the Event of such raw Material being subject to any Duty upon being exported from the said Country to any of His Majesty's Dominions; and all Duties imposed by any such Order shall be deemed to be Duties imposed by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds given by the Owners or Masters of British Ships upon the registering of the same, and all Bonds given by the Masters of British Ships upon their taking the Charge or Command of the same, shall be deemed to be Bonds for preventing Frauds or Evasions of the Duties of Customs, as well as for other Purposes; and shall be liable to same Duties of Stamps as any Bonds given for or in respect of the Duties of Customs, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, are or shall be liable to under any Act for the Time being in force for granting Duties of Stamps.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all small Coals which may be shipped to be sent coastwise from the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland to any Port in England or Wales, on Payment of One Shilling the Chaldron, provided the same shall have been screened through a Screen or Riddle, the Bars of which shall not be in any Part thereof more than Three eighths of an Inch as under, shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and to the same Forfeitures, and all Persons shall be subject to the same Penalties in respect thereof, as are provided in an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of small Coals of certain Descriptions, in respect of small Coals exported, as far as the same can be applicable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Coals shall be admitted to be such screened Coals as aforesaid, unless the same be described to be such in the Certificates of the Fitter or Coal Owner, or his Agent; and that if any Coals, Culm or Cinders, liable to Duty upon Coals, Culm or Cinders brought coastwise, be found on board any Ship in which any such screened Coals shall be laden, then such screened Coals shall also be liable to such Duty as if the same had not been so screened, although the same shall have been duly shipped at the Port of Shipment, and the Duty of One Shilling the Chaldron shall have been paid thereon.

XVIII. And Whereas Part of the Fund called "The Orphan's c Fund," established by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year ' of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the

] 4 4 City

A.D. 1825.

6° geo. IV.

C. 104.

591

4 City of London, consists of the Imposition or Duty of Four Metage thereof for ever, over and above what was lawfully paid for the Metage thereof, for every Chaldron of all Coals or Culm usually sold by the Chaldron, imported into the Port of London, or Members-thereof; and of a like Duty of Sixpence for every Ton of such Coals sold by the Ton and so imported; and other Part of the said Fund consists of the further Sum of Sixpence (over and above all other Impositions and Duties and the said Sum of Four Pence) for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm imported as aforesaid; and it was directed by the said Act that the said Imposition of Sixpence should continue from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred, for the Term of Fifty Years, and the said Impositions and Duties have since been continued by subsequent Acts of Parliament for the further Terms of Thirty five Years, and Forty six Years, and Five Years and Three Quarters of a Year, making together the Term of Eighty six Years and Three Quarters of a Year from the Expiration of the said Term of Fifty Years: And Whereas it is expedient that screened Coals for which by this Act the reduced Dutyr of One Shilling per Chaldron is made payable as aforesaid (whether alone or intermixed with Cinders)

should be exempted from the said Imposition or Duty of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifth and Six Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the Acts by which the said Imposition is continued, as makes screened Coal (whether alone or mixed with Cinders or Ashes) for which the said reduced Duty is by this Act made payable as aforesaid, subject to the Payment of the said Imposition or Duty of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coal or Culm imported into the Port of London, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided nevertheless, that such screened Coals, alone or intermixed as aforesaid, shall be liable to the said Imposition or Metage of Four Pence for every Chaldron or Ton, and to all other Duties and Charges payable in respect of Coals or Culm imported into the Port of London (except the Duties of Customs), and to all the Charges, Duties and Payments, Regulations, Restrictions and .Provisions, touching the Vend and Delivery thereof in the Port of London, imposed and directed by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the severed Acts for regulating the Vend and 'Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, and for making better Provision for the same.

XIX. And Whereas the Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas has been dissolved: And Whereas some of the Members of the said Company, who were Residents at Places where Factories of the said Company were established in the Levant, were possessed of Shares in British registered Ships, and such Persons may be desirous of continuing to reside at such Places, and also to retain their Rights in such British Ships Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who was a Member of the said Company

at

So much of 5&6 W. & M. as imposes a Duty of Sixpence on screened Coals, repealed.

Proviso, that such Coals shall be subject to the Duties of the Port of London, directed by 47 G.3. c.lxviii.

Members of the Levant Company before its

592

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Dissolution, and who were Residents at the Factories, permitted to continue their own Shares in British registered Ships.

at the Time of its Dissolution, and who was a Resident at any of the said Factories, to continue to own any Share or Shares in any British registered Ship of which he was at that Time an Owner, although such Person shall reside at any of the Places where such* Factories existed prior to the Dissolution of the said Company; any Thing in any Act for the registering of British Ships to the contrary notwithstanding.

TABLES referred to in this Act.

(A.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs, payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into the United Kingdom from Foreign Parts; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Agates or Cornelians, viz. £ S. d. £ s. d.

set, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

— not set, for every 100/. of the Value Aloes, the Produce of and imported from the Cape 10 0 0 —

of Good Plope, the lb. 0 0 3 —

Arangoes, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 0 0 2

Argol, the cwt. - the Produce of and imported from any British 0 2 0 — ,

Possession, the cwt. Amber, Manufactures of, not particularly enumer- 0 10 —

ated or described in this or any other Act, the lb. Arrow Root, the Produce of and imported from any 0 12 0 —

British Possession, the lb. 0 0 1 —

Ashes, Pearl and Pot, the cwt. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession -Asphaltum, the Produce of and imported from any 0 6 0 Free.

British Possession, the lb. 0 0 5 —

Asses, each - 0 10 0 —

Bacon or Hams, the cwt. -Bark, viz. 1 8 0 —

Eleutheria, or Cascarilla Bark, the lb. Winter's Bark, the Produce of and imported 0 0 6 0 0 4

from any British Possession, the lb. not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, being for the Use of Dyers or Tanners, and for no other Use or Purpose whatever, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, for every 0 0 4 0 0 3

100/. of the Value - 10 0 0 —

Baskets, for every 100/. of the Value Beads, viz. 20 0 0 —

Arrango Beads, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

A..D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 101.

593

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Beads — continued. not particularly enumerated or described in d£ s. d. dB s. d.

this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value Berries, viz. Yellow, for Dyers' Use, the cwt. for Dyers' Use, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, the 30 0 0 0 14* 0 —

cwt. - not for Dyers' Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the 0 12 0

Value - Books, viz. being of Editions printed prior to the Year 30 0 0

1801, bound or unbound, the cwt. being of Editions printed in or since the 1 0 0 —

Year 1801, bound or unbound, the cwt. -Note. — For the Description of Books prohibited to be imported, See the Act for the Regulation of the Customs, and Acts for securing Copyright. 5 0 0

Boxes of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value Brass, viz. Powder of Brass, for Japanning, the lb. Manufactures of, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for 20 0 0 0 2 6 —

every 100/. of the Value -Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or de- 30 0 0 —

scribed in this or any other Act, the Ton Brimstone, viz. — rough, the cwt. - refined, the cwt. in Flour, the cwt. 5 0 0 0 0 6 0 6 0 0 9 9

Bronze Powder, for every 100/. of the Value Cables, tarred or untarred, whether in use or other- 25 0 0

wise, the cwt. -Cambrics, See Linen. Canes, Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted or otherwise ornamented, for every 100/. of the 0 10 9

Value - 30 0 0

Carriages, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Cassia Buds, the lb. — ' Lignea, the lb. Cedar Wood, the Produce of and imported from the 0 1 0 0 1 0

Cape of Good Hope, the Ton China or Porcelain Ware, viz. plain, for every 100/. of the Value painted, gilt or ornamented, for every 1001 .; 0 10 0 15 0 0 —

of the Value - -6 Geo. TV. Q q 30 0 0 —

.594

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, viz, the Produce of and imported from any £ s. d. £ s. d.

British Possession, the lb. the Produce of any other Place, or if 0 1 9 —

otherwise imported, the lb. 0 4 4 —

Cinnabar, native or factitious, the lb. - 0 1 0

Clocks, for every 100/. of the Value 25 0 0 - -

Cochineal, the lb. the Produce of and imported from any 0 1 0 —

British Possession, the lb. 0 0 4* —

Dust, the lb. Cocoa Nuts, viz. the Produce of and imported from any Bri- 0 0 H

tish Possession in America, the lb. the Produce of and imported from any British Possesion within the Limits of the East India 0 0 6

Company's Charter, the lb. the Produce of any other Place, or if other- 0 0 9 —

wise imported, the lb. 0 1 3 —

Cocoa Nut Husks or Shells, the lb. Cocus Wood, the Produce of and imported from 0 0 2 —

any British Possession, the Ton Codilla, See Flax. Coffee, viz. the Produce of and imported from any Bri- 0 3 0

tish Possession in America, the lb. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession within the Limits of the 0 0 6

East India Company's Charter, the lb. - the Produce of any other Place, or if other- 0 0 9 —

wise imported, the lb. Copper, viz. 0 1 3

Ore, the cwt. 0 12 0 —

old, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. 0 15 0 —

in Plates, and Copper Coins, the cwt. unwrought, viz. in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper and all 1 10 0

Cast Copper, the cwt. 1 in part wrought, viz. v Bars, Rods or Ingots, hammered or 1 7 0

raised, the cwt. Manufactures of Copper, not particularly charged with Duty in this or any other Act, and Copper Plates en- 1 15 0

graved, for every 100/. of the Value Coral, whole, unpolished, of British fishing or taking, 30 0 0

the lb. -Cordage, tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise (standing or running Rigging in use except- 0 0 6

ed) the cwt. - 0 10 9

INWARDS.

Cotton, Manufactures of, for every 100/. of the Value

---and further, if printed, for every Square

Yard

Cowries, for every 100/. of the Value Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Crystal, cut or in any way manufactured (except Beads), for every 100/. of the Value

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value

Earthenware, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value - -

Ebony, Green Ebony, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the Ton Extract or Preparation, viz.

---- of Opium, for every 100/. of the Value

---- of Quassia, for every 100/. of the Value

---- of Vitriol, for every 100/. of the Value

---- of any Article, not particularly enumerated

or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value -

Feathers, viz.

---- for Beds, in Beds or not, the cwt.

---- Ostrich, viz.

- - - dressed, the lb.

- - undressed, the lb.

---- not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

---- dressed, for every 100/. of the Value

---- undressed, for every 100/. of the Value

Flax, and Tow or Codilla, of Hemp or of Flax, whether dressed or undressed, viz.

. ---- from the 5th July 1825 until the 6th July

1826, the cwt.

---- from the 5th July 1826 until the 6th July

1827, the cwt.

---- from the 5th July 1827 until the 6th July

1828, the cwt.

---- from and after the 5th July 1828, the cwt.

Flowers, artificial, not made of Silk, for every 100/.

of the Value -

Frames for Pictures, for every 100/. of the Value -Fustic, the Ton *

---- the Produce of and imported from any British Possession in America, or on the West Coast of Africa, the Ton -

Qq 2

Duty. Drawback,

£ s. d. £ s. d.

10 0 0 —

0 0 H

20 0 0 —

0 4 8 —

30 0 0 —

20 0 0 —

15 0 0 —

0 3 0 —

25 0 0 __

50 0 0 —

25 0 0 —

20 0 0 —

2 4 0 —

1 10 0

0 10 0 —

20 0 0 ,

10 0 0 —

0 0 4 —

0 0 3 —

0 0 2

0 0 1 —

25 0 0

20 0 0 —

0 4 6 —

0 3 0 —

596

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Gauze of Thread, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 -

Ginger, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the cwt. 0 11 6 0 10 0

preserved, the lb. 0 0 3

Granilla, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. -Grapes, for every 100/. of the Value 0 0 5

20 0 0 ,

Gum, viz. Animi, rough and in no way cleaned, the lb. 0 0 5

- - - scraped or in any way cleaned, the lb. 0 0 6

Copal, viz. rough and in no way cleaned, the lb. 0 0 5 —

- - - scraped or in any way cleaned, the lb. 0 0 6. —

Lac, Lac Dye, for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0 —

not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Hair, viz. Cow, Ox, Bull or Elk Hair, the cwt. 0 10 0

Goats' or Camels' Hair or Wool, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession Free.

- - - the Produce of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the lb. 0 0 1

Articles manufactured of Hair or Goats' Wool, or of Hair or Goats' Wool and any other Material, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0

Hams, the cwt. - 1 8 0 —

Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Plemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, the cwt. ... 0 8

- - - the Produce of and imported from any British Possession - Free.

Plides, viz. Plorse, Mare, Gelding, Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Hides, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, viz. - dry, the cwt. - 0 2 4

- - - wet, the cwt. - 0 1 2 —

- - - tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 0 6 —

Honey, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the cwt. 0 5 0

Horns, Horntips and Pieces of Horns, not particularly charged with Duty in this or any other Act, the cwt. - 0 2 4

Horses, Mares or Geldings, each 1 0 0

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

597

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. sS s. d.

Japanned Ware, for every 100/. of the Value Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies and all other precious Stones, except Diamonds, viz. 20 0 0

- - - set, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 ,

- - - not set, for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0 ____

Indigo, the lb. the Produce of and imported from any Bri- 0 0 4 —

tish Possession in America, the lb. Iron, viz. in Bars or unwrought, viz. - the Produce of and imported from any 0 0 3

British Possession, the Ton - the Produce of any other Country, or if 0 2 6 —

otherwise imported, the Ton slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered, less than of an Inch Square, 1 10 0 —

the cwt. - 0 5 0

cast, for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0

old broken, and old Cast Iron, the Ton 0 12 0

Ore, the Ton - 0 5 0

Pig Iron, the Ton - the Produce of, and imported from any 0 10 0 —

British Possession, the Ton Wrought, not particularly charged with Duty in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of 0 13 — *

the Value - Juice of Lemons, Limes or Oranges, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, whether raw or concentrated, the Gallon, for every 20 0 0

Degree of Specific Gravity or Strength Lace, viz. '-H' O o o —

Thread Lace, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Lacquered Ware, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Lapis Calaminaris, the cwt. -Latten, viz. — Black, the cwt. Shaven, the cwt. - Lead, viz. 0 1 0 0 14 0 1 5 0 —

Ore, the Ton - 0 10 0

Pig, the Ton - 2 0 0 .

Red, the cwt. 0 6 0

White, the cwt. - Linen, viz. — Cambrics and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, the Piece not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth, Q q 3 1 0 7 0.

59 8

C. 104-.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

and so in proportion for a greater or less Quantity, viz.

- - - plain - 0 6 0

- - - bordered Handkerchiefs - 0 5 0 .

Logwood, the Ton - 0 4 6

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession in America, or on the West

Coast of Africa, the Ton - 0 3 0 —

Madder, the cwt. - 0 6 0

Madder Root, the cwt. ... 0 1 6

Manuscripts, the lb. 0 0 2 .

Marmalade, the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession, the lb. 0 0 S

Mats, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Matting, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Mattrasses, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Mercury prepared, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Models of Cork or Wood, for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0

Moss, viz.

Rock, for Dyers' Use, the Ton 0 15 0

Mules, each - 0 10 0

Musical Instruments, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Nicaragua Wood, the Ton - 0 15 0

Nitre, viz.

Cubic Nitre, the cwt. - 0 0 6

Nuts, viz. Cashew Nuts, the - Produce of and imported

from any British Possession, the lb. 0 0 1 ,

- - - Kernels, the lb. - 0 0 2

Cocoa or Coker Nuts, the Produce of and im-

ported from any British Possession, the 120 Nuts - 0 5 0 —

Oil, viz.

of Castor, the lb. 0 1 0 —

- - - the Produce of, and imported from any

British Possession, the lb. - 0 0 6 —

of Cinnamon, the oz. 0 1 0 —

Olibanum, the cwt. - 2 0 0 1 2

Orchal, Archal or Orchelia, the cwt. 0 6 0 —

Painters' Colours, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every

100/. of the Value - 30 0 0 —

Paintings on Glass, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

- - - and further, for every cwt. 6 6 0 —

INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Paper, viz.

---- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage

only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith, the lb.

---- printed, painted or stained, or Paper Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard Square

---- waste Paper, or Paper of any other Sort,

not otherwise charged with Duty in this or any other Act, the lb.

Pencils (not of Slate) for every 100/. of the Value Pens, for every 100/. of the Value Pewter, viz.

---- Manufactures of, not particularly enumerated in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value -

Pimento, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. -Plaster of Paris, the cwt.

Pomatum, for every 100/. of the Value -Pots of Stone, for every 100/. of the Value

Rags, viz.

— ... old Rags, Old Ropes or Junk, or old Fishing

Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, the Ton -

---- Woollen Rags, fit only for Manure, the Ton

Raisins of all Sorts, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the cwt.

Rhubarb, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb.

Safflower, the cwt. -Saffron, the lb. -Sago, viz.

---- Pearl, the cwt.

---- Common, the cwt.

---- Sago Powder, the cwt.

Sapan Wood, the Ton -

Sarsaparilla, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. -Saunders, Red, the Ton -

Seed, viz.

---- Forest Seed, the lb.

---- Garden Seed, not particularly charged with

Duty in this or any other Act, the lb.

---- Shrub or Tree Seed, not particularly charged with Duty in this or any other Act, the lb.

---- all Seed not particularly enumerated or de- I

Qq 4 '

£ s. d.

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 9

so 0 0

30 0 0

20 0 0

0 0 5

0 1 0

30 0 0

30 0 0

0 5 0

0 7 6

0 10 0

0 2 6

0 5 0

0 2 6

1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0

0 15 0

0 1 0

0 12 0

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

£ s. d.

0 9 0

0 1 8

0 0 10

600

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

S e e d — c onti n iiecl. scribed in this or any other Act, for every £ s. d. J£ s. d.

100/. of the Value -Ships to be broken up, with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, (except Sails,) viz. British Ships or Vessels, entitled to be registered as such, not having been built in the United Kingdom, for every 100/. of the 30 0 0

Value - 15 0 0 —

Shumach, the cvvt. ... Silk, viz. 0 1 0 —

Thrown Silk dyed or not, the lb. - 0 7 6 —

Skates for sliding, for every 100/. of the Value Skins, viz, Dog-fish Skins of British taking, and imported direct from Newfoundland, the Dozen 20 0 0

Skins - 0 0 1 —

Hare Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 1 0. —

Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skins 0 1 6 —

- - - dressed, the 100 Skins Lamb Skins, viz. 0 10 0 —

- - - undressed in the Wool, the 100 Skins 0 1 6 —

- - - tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins 0 10 0 —

Musquash Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins Seal Skins taken by Persons not being British 0 1 0 —

Subjects, the Skin - Sheep Skins, undressed in the Wool, the 0 10 —

Dozen Skins 0 1 0

Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin - 0 1 0 —

Spa Ware, for every 100/. of the Value -Specimens illustrative of Natural History, not particularly charged with Duty in this or any other 30 0 0

Act -Spelter, viz. from the 5th July 1825 to the 6th July Free.

1826, the cwt. - from the 5th July 1826 to the 6th July 0 14 0 —

1827, the cwt. - from and after the 5th July 1827, the cwt. Sponge, the Produce of and imported from any Bri- 0 12 0 0 10 0 —

tish Possession, the lb. -Steel, or any Manufactures of Steel, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other 0 0 6

Act, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Stone, sculptured, or Mosaic Work, the cwt. Succades, viz. the Produce of and imported from any 0 2 6

British Possession in America, the lb. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession within the Limits of 0 0 3

6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

601

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Succades — continued. <£ s. d. <£ s* d.

the East India Company's Charter, the lb. - 0 0 6

the Produce of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the lb. 0 3 2

Sulphate of Quinine, the oz. - 0 2 6 —

Tamarinds, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the lb. - 0 0 6

the Produce of and imported from any British Possession in America, the lb. 0 0 2

Teasles, the 1,000 - 0 10

Teeth, viz. - Elephants' Teeth, the cwt. Telescopes, for every 100/. of the Value 1 0 0

30 0 0

Terra Japonica or Catechu, the cwt. 0 3 0

Thread, viz. Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs. Pack Thread, the cwt. Sisters Thread, the lb. Whited-brown Thread, the Dozen lbs. not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value - 0 15 0 0 15 0 0 15 0 0 4? 0 0 18 0 25 0 0 —

Tin, the cwt. «... 2 10 0 __

Manufactures of, for every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0

Tinfoil, for every 100/. of the Value 25 0 0

Tobacco, unmanufactured, viz. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession in America, the lb. 0 3 9

— manufactured in the United Kingdom at or within Two Miles of any Port into which Tobacco may be imported, made into Shag, Roll or Carrot Tobacco, the lb. 0 3 6

Tobacco Pipes, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Tooth Powder, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Tornsal or Turnsole, the cwt. 0 5 0

Tortoise Shell, unmanufactured, the lb. 0 2 0

the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. 0 1 0

Tow or Codilla, See Flax. Toys, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Truffles, the lb. - 0 2 6

Turmerick, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. 0 0 2

Turnery, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 - —

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Turpentine, viz. not being of greater Value than 12 s. the £ s. d. £ s. d.

cwt. thereof, the cwt. being of greater Value than 12s. the 0 4 —

cwt. thereof, the cwt. of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb. 1 6 2 0 0 10

Valonia, the cwt. - Varnish, not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 1 6 —

every 100Z. of the Value - 30 0 0 —

Verdigris of all Sorts, the lb. 0 2 0 - —

Vermillion, the lb. - 0 1 0 —

Watches, for every 100Z. of the Value - 25 0 0 .

Watch Glasses, for every 100Z. of the Value and further for every cwt. Wax, viz. 20 0 0 6 6 0 —

Sealing Wax, for every 100Z. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Weld, the cwt. -Whalefins, viz. taken and caught by the Crew of a British Ship, and imported direct from the Fishery, or from any British Possession, 0 1 0

in a British Ship, the Ton — of Foreign Fishing, if otherwise imported, 10 0 —

the Ton - Wire, viz. 95 0 0 —

Brass or Copper Wire, the cwt. 2 10 0 —

Gilt or Plated, for every 100Z. of the Value Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, 25 0 0

the cwt. - 1 0 0 —

Latten, the cwt. 1 0 0 —

Silver, for every 100Z. of the Value 25 0 0 —

Woad, the cwt. -Wood, viz. Deals, viz. - above 7 Inches in Width, above 21 Feet in Length, and not above 45 Feet in Length, and not above 3^ Inches in 0 3 0

Thickness, the 120 - above 45 Feet in Length, or above 3-J Inches in Thickness (not being Timber 8 Inches square) the Load con- o o

taining 50 Cubic Feet 2 10 0 —

---- and further, the 120 Wool, of Sheep or Lambs, viz. - the Produce of and imported from any 6 0 0

British Possession - the Produce of or imported from any other Place, viz. Free.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

603

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wool — continued. £ s. d. £? s. d.

of Sheep or Lambs, viz. - not being of the Value of Is. the lb. thereof, the lb. 0 0 0%

- - of the Value of Is. the lb. or upwards, the lb. 0 0 1

Woollens, viz. Manufactures of Wool (not being Goats Wool) or of Wool mixed with Cotton, not particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, for every 100/. of the Value 15 0 0

Yarn, viz. Cable Yarn, the cwt. - 0 10 9

Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb. 0 0 3 -

Grogram Yarn, the lb. - 0 0 6 -

Worsted Yarn, being of Two or more Threads, twisted or thrown, the lb. - 0 0 6 —

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being particularly enumerated or described in this or any other Act, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland, for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

(B.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable by Measures of Capacit}^ on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into the United Kingdom from Foreign Parts, according to the present Standard Gallon and Bushel; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, until the 1st January 1826, and of the Duties payable thereon, on and after the 1st January 1826, according to the Imperial Gallon and Bushel.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d,

Apples, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel. — on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bu- 0 0 —

shel, Imperial Measure dried, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - on and after the 1st January 1826, the 0 0 0 7 0 =

Bushel, Imperial Measure Balsam, viz. o u- o

— Riga, until the 1st January 1826, the lb. - and further, as Foreign Spirits, for 0 1 0 —

every Gallon Riga, on and after the 1st January 1826, 1 0

the lb. - - and further, as Foreign Spirits, for 0 1 0

every Gallon, Imperial Measure Beans, Kidney or French Beans, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - on and after the 1st January 1826, the 1 10 0

0 0 10 —

Bushel, Imperial Measure Beer, viz. Mum, until the 1st January 1826, the Barrel, 0 0 10

containing 32 Gallons - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons, Impe- 3 2 2

rial Measure - Spruce, until the 1st January 1826, the Bar- 3 1 1

rel, containing 32 Gallons - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons, Impe- 3 7 0

rial Measure - or Ale of all other Sorts, until the 1st January 1826, the Barrel, containing 32 3 6 0

Gallons -- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons, Impe- 2 14 0

rial Measure 2 13 0

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bottles, viz. £ .s. d. £ s. d.

of Glass, covered with Wicker, until the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts 1 2 0

- - - and further, for every cwt. 6 6 0 —

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts, Imperial Measure - 1 2 0

- - - and further, for every cwt. 6 6 0 —

of Green or Common Glass, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials, viz. full, until the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts 0 4 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts, Imperial Measure 0 4 0

- - - empty, until the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts 0 2 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Dozen Quarts, Imperial Measure 0 2 0

Buck Wheat, until the 1st January 1826, the Quarter 0 14 0 —

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure 0 14 0 —

Cider, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun 18 0 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure - 21 10 0

Cranberries, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon 0 0 6 —

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gallon, Imperial Measure - 0 0 6 ___

Cucumbers, pickled, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon - 0 2 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gallon, Imperial Measure 0 3 0 —

Fish, viz. Oysters, until the 1st January 1826, the Winchester Bushel 0 1 6

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 1 6

Sturgeon, until the 1st January 1826, the Keg, containing Five Gallons 0 7 6

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Keg, containing Five Gallons, Imperial Measure - 0 9 0

Lentils, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 0 10 —

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bu- she!, Imperial Measure - I 0 0 10 —

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Mangoes, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon - 0 5 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gallon, Imperial Measure - 0 6 0

Mead or Metheglin, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon - 0 5 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gal- Ion, Imperial Measure - 0 6 7

Medlars, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 5 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure - 0 5 0 —

Nuts, viz. Chesnuts, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - 0 2 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 2 0

Small Nuts, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - 0 2 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 2 0

Walnuts, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - 0 2 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 2 0 —

Oil, viz. — of Hempseed, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun - 33 5 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 39 18 0

of Linseed, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun - 33 5 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 39 18 0

of Olives, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun 7 0 0 —

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 8 8 0

of Rape Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun - 33 5 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 39 18 0

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun - 33 5 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 39 18 0

Train Oil, Blubber, Spermaceti Oil, and Head Matter, viz. - the Produce of Fish, or Creatures living 19 Gc >ogle

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

60?

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Oil — continued. £ s. d. s. d.

Train Oil, &c. — continued. in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crews of British Ships, and imported direct from the Fishery, or from any British Possession in British Ships, until the 1st Januaryl826, the Tun 0 1 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure - 0 1 0

- - - the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, or if otherwise imported, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure - 22 3 4

26 12 0

Olives, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon 0 1 8

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gal- Ion, Imperial Measure - 0 2 0

Onions, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 3 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure - 0 3 0

Orange Flower Water, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon ..... 0 3 2

—. on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gallon, Imperial Measure 0 3 9 —

Pears, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 7 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure - 0 7 6

dried, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 10 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 10 0

Peas, See Seed. Perry, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun 18 18 0

on or after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 22 13 8

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon 0 5 0

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gal- Ion, Imperial Measure 0 6 0 —

Rape of Grapes, until 1st January 1826, the Tun - 11 1 8

— on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, Imperial Measure 13 6 0

Rennett, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon ---- 0 0 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Gal- Ion, Imperial Measure - 1 0 0 6 -

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Rice, viz. £ s. d. £ s. d.

rough and in the Husk, or Paddy, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 2 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 2 6

the Produce of any British Possession, viz. rough and in the Husk, or Paddy, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 0 n

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 0 n —

Seed, viz. Acorns, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 1 0

- - on and and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 1 0

Cole Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Last 10 0 0 —

on and after the 1st January 1826 to the 6th January 1826, the Last, Imperial Measure 10 6 3

- - from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th July 1826, the Last, Imperial Measure - 5 0 0

after the 5th July 1826, the Last Imperial Measure 0 10 0

Flax Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - 0 0 5

from the 1st January 1826 to the 6th April 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure - 0 0 5

after the 5th April 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure 0 1 0

Plemp Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Quarter - 2 0 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure - the Produce of and imported from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, until the 1st January 1826, the Quarter 2 0 0

0 1 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure 0 1 0

Linseed, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel 0 0 5 —

- - - from the 1st January 1826 to the 6th April 1826 the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 0 5

- - - after the 5th x\pril 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure 0 1 0

Mustard Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - 0 8 0

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 8 0 -

C. 104.

609

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Seed — continued. Peas, when prohibited to be imported as Corn, sS s. d. §£ s. d.

* 01 Ay* until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel - on and after the 1st January 1826, the 0 7 6 —

Bushel, Imperial Measure 0 7 6. —

Rape Seed, until the 1st January 1826, the Last - on and after the 1st January 1826, to the 6th January 1826, the Last, Imperial 10 0 0

Measure - from the 5th January 1826, to the 6th 10 6 3 —

July 1826, the Last Imperial Measure after the 5th July 1826, the Last Imperial 5 0 0 —

Measure - all Seeds not before enumerated or described, commonly made use of for extracting Oil therefrom, until the 1st January 1826, the 0 10 0

Last - on and after the 1st January 1826, to the 6th January 1826, the Last Imperial 10 0 0

Measure - from the 5th January 1826, to the 6th 10 6 3 —

July 1826, the Last 5 0 0 —

- - - after the 5th July 1826, the Last Spirits or Strong Waters of all Sorts, viz. the Duties payable on or before the 5th July 1825, to continue in force and be payable until the 5th January 1826. on and after the 5th January 1826, for every Gallon of such Spirits or Strong Waters, of any Strength not exceeding the Strength of Proof by Sykes's Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater Strength than the Strength of Proof; and for any greater or less Quantity than a Gallon, viz. - not being Spirits or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession in America or of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, and not being sweetened Spirits or Spirits mixed with any Article, so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by such Hydrometer, the 0 10 0

Gallon - Spirits or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession in America, not being sweetened Spirits or Spirits 1 2 6

so mixed as aforesaid, the Gallon -6 Geo. IV. R r 0 8 6 — 1

610

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Spirits — continued. Spirits or Strong Waters the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, not being sweetened Spirits, or Spirits so mixed as aforesaid, the £ s. d. s. d.

Gallon ... Spirits, Cordials or Strong Waters respectively, not being the Produce of any British Possession in America, sweetened or mixed with any Article, so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by 1 0 0

such Hydrometer, the Gallon Spirits, Cordials and Strong Waters respectively, being the Produce of any British Possession in America, sweetened or mixed with anjr Article, so that the Degree of Strength cannot be exactly ascertained by such 1 10 0

Hydrometer, the Gallon Tar, viz. — the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 -J Gallons, until the 1st 10 0

January 1826 - on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 12 6 —

perial Measure the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Last, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31J Gallons, until 0 15 0

the 1st January 1826 on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 10 0 —

perial Measure 0 12 0 —

Tares, until the 1st Januar}' 1826, the Quarter on and after the 1st January 1826, the Quar- 0 10 0 —

ter, Imperial Measure - 0 10 0 —

Tarras, until the 1st January 1826, the Bushel on and after the 1st January 1826, the Bushel, 0 1 3

Imperial Measure - - 0 13 —

Verjuice, until the 1st January 1826, the Tun on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, 61 7 0 —

Imperial Measure -Vinegar or Acetous Acid, until the 1st January 73 12 9

1826, the Tun - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Tun, 15 15 0

Imperial Measure Water, viz. Cit?oUnebUSadC' } Spirits- 18 18 0

6* GEO. IV,

611

INWARDS.

Water — continued.

---- Cordial,

---- Hungary,

---- — Lavender,

---- Cologne Water, the Flask, 30 of such Flasks

containing not more than One Gallon, until the 1st January 1826 ---on and after the 1st January 1826, Imperial Measure

---- Mineral or Natural Water, the Dozen Bottles

or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints, until the 1st January 1826 -

---- on and after the 1st January 1826, Imperial Measure Wheat, the Produce of the British Possessions in North America and imported direct from thence, until the 1st January 1826, the Quarter -

- - - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Quarter, Imperial Measure

Wine, viz.

---- the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the

Cape of Good Flope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported direct from thence, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon -

- - - from the 1st January 1826 to the 6th January 1830, the Gallon, Imperial Measure -

---after the 5th January 1830, the Gallon,

Imperial Measure

---- French, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon

---on and after the 1st January 1826, the

Gallon, Imperial Measure ---- all Wine not otherwise enumerated or described, until the 1st January 1826, the Gallon -

---on and after the 1st January 1826, the

Gallon, Imperial Measure

See Spirits.

Duty.

£ s. d.

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 0 0 4 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 3 0 0 6 0

0 7 3

0 0 0 10

Drawback. £ s. d.

0 2 0

0 2 5

0 3 0 0 6 0

0 7 3

0 0 0 10

612

C. 101<-

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825-.

(C.)

A TABLE of Duties of Customs payable on Wool exported from the United Kingdom

o

to Foreign Parts.

o

OUTWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wool, viz. £ s. d. £ s. cL

Sheep or Lambs Wool, viz.

not being of the Value of Is. the lb. there-

of, the lb. o o o

of the Value of Is. the lb. or upwards,

the lb. 0 0 1 —

Hare or Coney Wool, the lb. 0 0 1 —

(D.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable by Measures of Capacity on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, exported from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, according, to the present Standard Gallon and Bushel, until the 1st January 1826; and of the Duties payable thereon, on and after the 1st January 1826, according to the Imperial Gallon and Bushel.

OUTWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Coals and Cinders, usually sold by Measure, viz. £ *. d. Jz s. d.

exported to the Isle of Man, viz. - until the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure 0 1 6

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure 0 1 6

exported to any British Possession, viz. until the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure 0 16

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure 0 1 6

Culm, viz. exported to the Isle of Man, viz. until the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure - - <P 9 o

on and after the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure 0 0 6 .

exported to any British Possession, viz. - until the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure 0 0 6

-- - on and after the 1st January 1826, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure 0 0 6 —

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 104.

613

(E.)

A TABLE OF DUTIES COASTWISE.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable by Measures of Capacity on Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought or sent coastwise, from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within the United Kingdom, according to the present Standard Bushel; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed upon the Exportation thereof, until the 1st January 1826; and of the Duties payable thereon, on and after the 1st January 1826, according to the Imperial Bushel.

COASTWISE. Duty. Drawback.

Coals, Culm, and Cinders, except Charcoal made of Wood, viz. Coals except small Coals, otherwise charged with Duty, viz, brought coastwise from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales, viz, in case they be such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure, until the 1st January £ s. d. £ *. d.

1826 on and after the 1st January 1826, the 0 6 0 0 5 6

Chaldron, Imperial Measure Culm, viz, to be used for burning Lime, sent from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan or Merioneth, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure, viz. 0 6 0 0 35 6

until the 1st January 1826 - on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 13 — -

perial Measure not having been so sent or charged with Duty, brought coastwise from any Port in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure, viz. 0 1 0

until the 1st January 1826 on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 1 3 0 1 2

perial Measure Cinders, viz, made of Pit Coal, brought coastwise from any Port in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure, viz. - until the 1st January 1826 - on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 1 0 0 1 0

0 6 0 —

perial Measure R r 3 0 60 —

C. 104.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

COASTWISE. Duty. Drawback,

Coals, viz, shipped to be carried coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port in the United Kingdom, the Chaldron, Newcastle Measure, viz. <£ s. d. JE s. d.

- - - until the 1st January 1826 - on and after the 1st January 1826, the 0 1 X) —

Chaldron, Imperial Measure Small Coals which have been screened through a Screen or Riddle, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighths of an Inch asunder, and Ashes mixed with such Coals, shipped to be carried coastwise from the Ports of Newcastle or Sunderland to any Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure, viz. 0 0 6

- - - until the 1st January 1826 - on and after the 1st January 1826, Im- 0 1 0 —

perial Measure - -- - - not subject to the Duty imposed upon Coals brought coastwise. 0 1 0

For repealing the following Statutes and Parts of St a* tutes, viz.

CAP. CV.

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of the Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years: And Whereas it is therefore highly expedient for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording

Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed; and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them (a) May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much and such Parts of the several and respective Statutes hereinafter mentioned and recited, made in the Parliaments of England and of Great Britain respectively, as relates to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, or to the Importation and Exportation

(a) [See cc. 106 — 116.post.]

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

615

of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or as relate to the Collection of the Revenue of Customs or Prevention of Smuggling, as are hereinafter set forth, shall be repealed; that is to say,

2. So much of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the 17 R.2. c. 5. Reign of King Richard the Second, as ordains, that no Searcher,

Gauger of Wines, Aulneger, Finder nor Weigher of Wools or other Merchandizes, Collector of Customs or Subsidies whatsoever, or Controller, shall have Estate in his Office for Term of Life or of Years, but that the said Offices shall remain in the King's Elands, under the Governance of the Treasurer for the Time being, with the Assent of the Council when need is; and if any Charters or Letters Patent be made to the contrary, they shall be clearly admitted void and of none effect; — and also,

3. So much of a Statute passed in the First Year of the Reign 1H.4. c. 1.1. of King Henry the Fourth, as accords, that Customers and Comptrollers in every Port of England shall be resident upon their

Offices in their Persons, without making any proper Deputy or Lieutenant in their Names; — and also,

4. So much of a Statute passed in the Fourth Year of the 4IE.4. c. 20. Reign of King Henry the Fourth, as ordains, that Customers and Controllers in every Part of England shall abide upon their Offices

in their proper Persons, without making any Deputy or Lieutenant in their Names; and that they shall be sworn to the same from time to time; that the Lieutenant of the King's Chief Butler and the Searcher shall be resident in the same Manner; and that every Customer, upon )delding of his Account, shall be sworn by his Oath to answer of all Manner of Profits and Commodities for the Payment of any Assignment; — and also,

5. So much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign 4H.4. c. 2l. of King Henry the Fourth, as ordains, that the Searcher in every

Port of England shall not let their Offices to farm, or occupy them by Deputy, nor take of Masters of Ships for their Office of Searching any Money for their Welcome or Farewell, nor any other Thing for the same, and that no Searcher be Elost to any Merchant or Mariner; — and also,

6- So much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the 11H.4. c. 2. Reign of King Henry the Fourth, as ordains, that no Man who holdeth a Common Hostry in any City or Borough of England shall be a Customer, Controller, Finder or Searcher of the King; — and also,

7. So much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the 13H.4. c. 5. Reign of King Henry the Fourth, as ordains, that Customers and Controllers, Gaugers of Wines and Searchers, through the

Realm, shall be constantly resident upon their Offices; — and also,

8. So much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of 3 IE.6. c.s. King Henry the Sixth, as ordains, that if any Customer, Collector or Controller of the King's Customs of Cockets of Cloths,

of Subsidies of Tonnage or Poundage, shall be convicted or attainted of false concealing of the King's Custom or Subsidy duly entered, paid by any Merchant, that then the said Customer,

Collector or Controller shall lose and forfeit Treble Value of the Merchandizes, and make Fine and Ransom; — and also,

9. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the 3JH.6. c. 5» Reign of King Henry th§ Sixth, as ordains, that no Letters

R r 4 Patent

616

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

5&6E.G. c. 16.

1 Eliz. c.ll.

5 Eliz. c. 5* 6.

J 3 Eliz. c. 4. § 7.

27 Eliz. c. 3. § 2 to 6.

7 J. 1. c. 14.

12 C. 2. c. 4.

12C. 2. c. 18.

] 2 C. 2. c. 1 9.

13 & 14C. 2.

c. 7.

13 & 14C. 2. C H.

Patent of any of the Offices of Searcher, Finder, Weigher, Collector or Controller, shall be made but by Warrant of Bill sealed by the Treasurer of England for the Time being, sent by him into the Chancery; — and also,

10. An Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Edward the Sixth, against buying and selling of Offices, so far as regards the Revenue of Customs or Offices in the Service of the Customs; — and also,

11. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act limiting the Time for laying on Land Merchandizes from beyond the Seas, and touching Customs for Sweet (Vines; — and also,

12. So much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act touching politic Constitutions for the Maintenance of the Navy, as enacts, that it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons to cause to be loaden and carried in any Bottom or Bottoms whereof any Stranger or Strangers born then be Owner, of any Kind of Fish, Victual, Wares or Things, of what Kind or Nature soever the same shall be, from one Port or Creek of this Realm to another Port of the same; — and also,

13. So much of an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels of Tellers Receivers liable to the Payment of their Debts; and also, so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for the Explanation of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Queen's Reign, intituled ' An Act to make the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels of Tellers Receivers liable to the Payment of their Debts/ as make the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels of Receivers of His Majesty's Customs, liable to the Payment of their Debts due to the Crown; — and also,

14. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the Second, as enacts that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall send English Horns unwrought over the Sea, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act; — and also,

15. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, as remains unrepealed; — and also,

16. So much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, as remains unrepealed; — and also,

17. An Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Chaibes the Second, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of His Majesty's Customs and Subsidies; — and also,

18. So much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides out of the Recdm of England, as regards the Exportation of Leather and Hides out of the Kingdom; — and also,

19. An Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for. preventing

6° GEO. IV.

617

A.D. 1825.

C. 105.

Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's Customs; — and also,

20. An Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the said Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace, Cut work, Embroidery, Fringe, Bandstrings, Buttons and Needlework; — and also,

21. An Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the said Reign, intituled An Act against importing Foreign Wool, Cards, Wyre or Iron Wyre; — and also,

22. So much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, as remains unrepealed; — and also,

23. An Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners; — - and also,

24. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, as in any way relates to the

Plantation Trade in His Majesty's Dominions; — and also,

25. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland; — and also,

26. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms and other Ammunition, and Utensils of War; — and also,

27. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An Act to encourage the building of Ships in England; — and also,

28. So much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, as relates to Cercificates for landing of Wool, and as directs that a Register be kept at the Custom House, London, of all Wool imported from Ireland, and of all Wool sent from one Port to another in this Kingdom and also,

29. An Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Hair Buttons; — and also,

30. So much of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the said Reign of King William and Queen Alary, intituled An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned ', and for changing several Joint Stocks, as enacts, that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who by way of Insurance or otherwise shall undertake or agree to deliver any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, to be imported from Parts beyond the Seas, at any Port or Place whatsoever within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without paying the Customs and Duties that shall be due and payable at the Time of Importation, or any prohibited Goods whatsoever, or in pursuance of such Insurance, Undertaking or Agreement,

13 & 14C. 2 c. 13.

13 & 14 C. 2* c. 19.

15 C. 2. c. 7.

18 C. 2. c. 2.

22 &23 C. 2, c. 2 6.

32 C. 2. c. 2.

1 J.2. c. 8

1 J.2. c. 18.

1 W. & Mar. c. 32.

4&5 W. & Mar. c. 10.

4 & 5 W/& Mar. c. 15. § 14.15.

618

§i

6 & 7 W.

c.l. §5.

6&7 W §§3. 14

T-'&fiW.

c. 20. §

C. 105. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ment, shall deliver or cause or procure to be delivered any prohibited Goods, or shall deliver or cause or procure to be delivered any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, without paying such Duties of Customs as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors and Assistants, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties to which they are liable by any Acts already in force; and also so much of the said last mentioned Act as enacts, that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the insuring or conve}ring any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes that shall be so imported, without paying the Customs and Duties due and payable at the Importation thereof, or of any prohibited Goods whatsoever, or shall receive or take such prohibited Goods into his, her or their House or Warehouse, or other Place on Land, or such other Goods, before such Customs and Duties are paid, knowing thereof, shall also for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; — and also,

& Mar. 31. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, as requires the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs to take Oath before the Chancellor or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or Master of the Rolls for the Time being, for the true and faithful Execution of the Trusts committed to their Charge; — and also, .3. c. 7. 32. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh

Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service for the Reduction o/*Ireland, as enacts, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Tea, subject to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in English Ships, whereof the Master and at least Two thirds of the Mariners are Englishmen, so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs of the Quantity and Quality so intended to be imported, with the Name of the Ship and Master or Commander in which they are to be loaden, and the Place into which they intend to import the same, and taking a Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners or Treasurers of the Customs for the Time being, or any Three of them, for the landing and importing thereof; and also so much of the said Act as enacts, that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer duly employed in the Execution of his Office, or any extraordinary Service not required by Law, to take and receive such Recompence from the Merchant or other Person desiring his Attendance, as the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London, and the Collector, Customer and Comptroller in the Outports, or any Two of them respectively, shall determine; — and also, q. 33. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth

s. Aears of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act

fir

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

G. 105-

619

for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize, as prohibits the Exportation of any Frame or Engine, or Part of the same* for making or knitting Worsted and Silk Stockings, Waistcoats, Gloves and other Wearing Apparel; — and also,

34-. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

35. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act

for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland, as directs an Account to be transmitted from Ireland to England, once in Six Months, of all Wool exported from thence, and that Certificates for landing of Wool be written upon Paper; — and also,

36. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties upon Coal and Culm, as in any way relates to the Importation, Exportation, measuring, shipping or landing of Coals; — and also,

37. An Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage jind Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of His Majesty's Household, and other Aids therein mentioned, during His Majesty's Life; — and also,

38. An Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the exporting Watches, Swordhilts and other Manufactures of Silver; — and also,

39. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against Transportation of Wool, Fullers' Earth and Scouring Clay, as relates to the buying, selling, loading or Removal of Wool within Fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex; — and also,

40. So much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdom of Ireland and England, into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, as remains unrepealed; — and also,

41. So much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act

for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, as enacts, that no Fish (except Stock Fish and live Eels) taken or caught by any Foreigners, Aliens to this Kingdom (except Protestant Strangers inhabiting within this Kingdom), shall be imported in any Foreign Ship, Vessel or Bottom, under Pain of Forfeiture of such Ship, Vessel or Bottom, and of all such Fish so imported; — and also,

42. So

7 & 8 W. 3. c. 22.

7&8 W.S. c. 28. § 6.

9&10W.3.' c. 13.

9&10W.3.

c. 23.

9 & 10 W.S. c. 28.

9 & 10 W. 3. c. 40.

§4, 58c 6.

10 & 11W.S. c. 10.

10 & 11 W.3. c. 24. § 13.

620

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

10 & 11 W.3. c. 2 5.

11 & 12 W.3.

c. 10.

1 Ann. stat. 1. c. 26.

15 & Ann. c. 5. c 12.

3& Ann. c. 8.

4 & 5 Ann. c. 12

§G.

6 Ann. c. 3.

6 Ann. c. 17. § IK

6 Ann. c. 10.

§ M.

42. So much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, as relates to the Fishery upon the Coast of Newfoundland; — and also,

43. An Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom; — and also,

44. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Masters of Hoys and other Vessels carrying Corn and other Inland Provisions within the Port of London; — and also,

45. So much of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandize imported, as enacts, that all Rice and Molasses shall be under like Securities and Penalties restrained to be imported into this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick, as is provided for the Goods therein enumerated; — and also,

46. An Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation of' Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland; — and also,

47. So much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying further Duties on Low Wines, and for preventing the Damage to Her Majesty's Revenue by Importation of Foreign cut Whalebone, and for making some Provisions as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets, and for enabling Her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and for appropriating the Public Monies granted in this Session of Parliament, as enacts, that Persons dealing in Whalebone, having Foreign cut Whalebone (other than in Fines regularly imported), shall forfeit Thirty Pounds; and that the Masters of Vessels knowingly importing any cut Whale Fins or Whalebone shall forfeit Fifty Pounds; — and also,

48. An Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for belter securing East India Goods; — and also,

49. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the said Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for assuring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fluid and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the War and other Her Majesty's Occasions, as enacts, that upon any Importation of any Goods or Merchandizes by the English Company trading to the East Indies, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being, to take Bond for all such of the Customs and Duties as shall be chargeable thereon; — and also,

50. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Adfor continuing the Half Subsidies

11 therein

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

621

therein mentioned, with several Impositions and other Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War and other Her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for charging of Prize Goods and Seizures, and for taking off the Drawbacks of Foreign Cordage, and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks, as imposes a Penalty of Two hundred Pounds upon Persons importing any wrought Silk, or Silks mixed with Gold or Silver or any other Materials, and as forfeits the said Silks, and imposes a Penalty of One hundred Pounds upon the Person in whose Custody the same shall be found, or who shall sell or conceal the said Silks; — and also,

51. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means to raise Nine hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities, and in default thereofby another Lottery for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ten, as relates to the Importation and Warehousing of Pepper, and to the illegal Importation and Unshipping of Raisins, and other uncustomable or prohibited Goods; — and also,

52. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for continuing several additional Impositions and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ten, and for taking off the Oversea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms, and for the better preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods, and for ascertaining the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships, and to give further Time to Foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain Foreign Goods imported, and to limit a Time for Prosecution upon certain Bonds given by Merchants, and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and to prevent Imbezilments by such Officers, and for appropriating the Monies granted to Her Majesty, and for replacing Monies paid or to be paid for making good any Deficiencies on all Annuity Acts, and for Encouragement to raise Naval Stores in Her Majestys Plantations, and to give further Time for registering Debentures, as is therein mentioned, as relates to the clandestine relanding of Goods shipped for Drawback, or to the Allowance of Payment of any Drawback for Tobacco, or as to Securities given for the due Exportation of wrought Silks, or Plantation Bonds, or as to Fees allowed to be taken by Officers of the Customs, or as to Officers embezzling Goods; — and also,

53. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies during the Times therein mentioned, as relates to the Import of Books without the Consent of the Proprietor; — and also,

54>. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for revising, continuing and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals to be waterborne and carried coastwise, and for granting further Duties upon Candles for Thirty

two

8 Ann. c. 7.

§ 7 to 17.

8 Ann. c. 13.

§ 16.

§ 24, 25 & 26.

8 Ann. c. 19. part of § 1.

9 Ann. c. 6.

§6.

622

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

9 Ann. c.ll.

§ 6. 39 to 42. § 49.

9 Ann. c. 28.

§ 6.

10 Ann. c. 19.

§ 68.

two Years; to raise One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by way of Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eleven, and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries and such Insurance Offices as are therein mentioned, as directs that Security shall be given to the Officers of the Customs in the respective Ports when Coals shall be shipped for Ireland, the Isle of Man, or any of Her Majesty's Plantations; — and also,

55. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty two Years, for prosecuting the War and other Her Majesty's most necessary Occasions, as relates to the marking of Hides or Skins to denote the Payment of Duty, and as relates to the Shipping and Exportation of Hides, Skins or Manufactures of Leather to Foreign Parts, and the Penalties for relanding the same, and also as relates to the Commissioners and Officers of His Majesty's Customs intermeddling with Elections; — and also,

56. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the

further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, as enacts, that any Ship Master, whose Ship is laden with Coals only, and has entered into Bond to deliver the said Coals in some Port of Great Britain, may, upon producing his Coast Cocquet, and making Oath of the true Quantity of Coals on board his Ship (such Quantity not being less than is expressed in the said Cocquet), before the proper Officer of the Customs in any Port of Great Britain, pay the Custom or Oversea Duty for such Coals, and shall on such Payment receive a Certificate signed and sealed by the Customer and Controller of such Port, for such Duty so paid, which Certificate, being given into the Custom House of such Port where the Coals were laid on board, shall discharge the Coast Bond; — and also,

57. So much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, and upon the chequered and striped Linens imported, and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or stained, and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds byway of Lottery, towards Her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing Her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise for the Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borroxving Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Public, as relates to the Import of chequered, striped, printed, painted, stained and dyed Linens, and making of such Linens, by the Officers of the Customs, to denote Payment of the Duties for the same; — and also,

58. An

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

623

58. An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen loAnn. c. 29. Anne, intituled An Act for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to Her Majesty, for Goods and Merchandizes

to be imported from the East Indies and other Places 'within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company; — and also,

59. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign 12 Ann. st.i. of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Encouragement of C^G- § 2> 3-making Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third (a), as grants a Bounty upon the Exportation of British made Sail Cloth or Canvass fit for or made into Sails, and as imposes a Penalty upon the relanding of such Sail Cloth; — and also,

60. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign 12 Ann. st.2. of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for encouraging the Tobacco c'8' § 11# Trade, as enacts, that the Commissioners of the Customs for the

Time being shall in all Cases where the Goods are or shall be brought into Her Majesty's Storehouses, which shall have remained there for the Space of Twelve Months, the Subsidy and other Duties not paid or compounded for or otherwise secured, to be publicly sold by Auction, and after Sale the Produce to be applied first towards Payment of Freight, Primage and Charges of Warehouse Room and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorized to receive the same; and also § I3-as enacts, that all such Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers of the Customs, who are or have been or shall hereafter be deputed or appointed, shall be deemed to remain and continue in the respective Offices and Employment, notwithstanding the Death or Removal of any of the Commissioners of the Customs who appointed them; — and also,

61. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign 12 Ann. c. 18. of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the preserving all Ships and

Goods thereof which shall happen to be forced on shore or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

62. So much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign i G.i. st.2. of King George the First, intituled An Act for enlarging the Fund c. 12. § 4. of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, upon His Majesty during His Life, for the Service of Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of Fifty four thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to raise a Sum not exceeding Nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building was carried on at the Expence of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Blessed Memory, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, as enacts, that all the Monies which from and after the Feast of Saint

(a) 45 G.3. c. 68. §1.

Michael

624

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Michael the Archangel, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise by Duties, which in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (a) of Blessed Memory, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trade, were granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, commonly called the Plantation Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and paying the same excepted), shall also be lent and paid from time to time into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purpose in this Act expressed, and be liable to such Redemption as is hereinafter prescribed in that Behalf; — and also,

l G.l. st.2. 63. So much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign

e.is. § 1, 2. of King George the First, intituled An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish, and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in Foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom, called England, as enacts, that no Herring, Cod, Pilchards, Salmon, Ling, fresh or salted, dried or bloated, nor any Gull, Mackarel, Whiting, Haddock, Sprats, Coal Fish, Gull Fish, Congers, nor any Sort of flat Fish, nor any other Sort of fresh Fish whatsoever, shall be imported into or sold or exposed to Sale in that Part of this Kingdom called England, which shall be taken by, bought of or received from any Foreigner or Stranger, or out of any Stranger's Bottom, except Protestant Strangers inhabiting within this Kingdom, nor shall any Person give or exchange any Goods or other Things in exchange for any Sort of Fish taken as aforesaid; and also as imposes a Penalty upon every Master or Commander of any Ship importing such Fish; — and also, s G.l. c. 4. 64. So much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign

§ 5* of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing the Duties

on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and to authorize Allowances to be made to certain Receivers; and to obviate a Doubt concerning Goods for the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney; and to ascertain the Duties upon Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Starch; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lotteries; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits carried coastwise, as enacts, that the Inhabitants of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney, shall and may, with and under certain Certificates and Oaths, import into any lawful Port of Great Britain, any Goods, Wares and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Island or either of them, without paying any Customs, Subsidies or Duties for or in respect thereof; — and also, j c 1]t 65. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds relating to the Customs; which said Act was made perpetual by an

(a) 25 Car, 2. c. 7.

Act

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

625

Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a); — and also,

66. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign 6 G.l. c. n. of King George the First, intituled An Act for laying a Duty up- §§ 4» 5*1S- 22, on Wrought Plate; and for applying the Money arising from the

clear Produce (by Sale of the forfeited Estates) towards answering His Majesty's Supply; and for taking off the Drawbacks upon Hops exported to Ireland; and for Payment of Annuities to be purchased after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament; and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the South Sea Company; and for explaining a late Act concerning Foreign Salt cellared and locked up before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentice Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Yernon Esquire, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Plate, and the Duties and Drawbacks thereon; — and also,

67. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of 6 G.l. c. 12. King George the Third, f intituled An Act for preventing Frauds § 3.

and Abuses in the Allowance on damaged Wines, and for lengthening f sic *

the Time for the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Wines, as allows damaged or unmerchantable Wines to be staved or destroyed after landing, and the Duties to be repaid, and as allows a Compensation upon such Goods for Freight and other Charges; — and also,

68. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign 6 G.l. c.si. of King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds §§ 29. si, 32. and Abuses in the Public Revenue of Excise, Customs, Sta7np Duties, S4' S9 '

Post Office and House Money, as enacts, that if any Foreign

Brandy or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of the Burthen of Thirty Tons or under (except for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding One Gallon for each Seaman), all such Brandy or other Spirits, together with the Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be forfeited; and also so much of the said Act as empowers Commanders of Men of War, Frigates or armed Sloops, and Officers of the Customs, to compel Masters of Ships laden with Brandy, hovering within Two Leagues of the Shore, to come into Port; and also so much of the said Act as enacts, that if any Master or Person having charge of any Ship or Vessel shall suffer any Brandy or other uncustomed or prohibited Goods to be put out of the said '

Ship or Vessel into any Hoy, Lighter, Boat or Bottom, to be laid on Land, or shall suffer any Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings,

Yarn made of Wool, Wool Flocks, Fullers' Earth, Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be laden or taken in from the Shore, to be put on board such Ship or Vessel to be carried to Parts beyond the Seas, shall, besides the Penalties and Forfeitures to which they shall be liable, suffer Six Months' Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize; and also so much of the said Act as enacts, that if

6 Geo. IV.

(a) BOG. 3, c. 10. S s

any

626

C. 105.

6° GEa iv.

A.D. 1825.

any Officer or Officers of the Customs be forcibly hindered, wounded or beaten, in the due Execution of their Office, by any Person armed with Clubs or any manner of Weapon, tumultuously assembled in the Day or Night to the Number of Eight or more Persons, all and every Person or Persons so forcibly hindering, wounding or beating the said Officer or Officers, or such as shall act in their Aid or Assistance, being convicted thereof, shall, by Advice of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, be transported to some of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations for such Term as the Court shall think fit, not exceeding Seven Years; and also so much of the said Act as authorizes Officers of the Customs to stop and put prohibited or uncustomed Goods into His Majesty's Warehouse, there to remain until the Claimer shall satisfy the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs with respect to the same; and also so much of the said Act as forfeits Spices found on board Ships in Bags or other Parcels packed in Hogsheads, Casks or Bales; — and also, 7G.1. sti. 69. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the

c. 2i, § 9 & 10. Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the further 'preventing His Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, as prohibits the Importation into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, to His Majesty or to the Crown of Great Britain belonging, or which shall hereafter belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Africa or America, of any Commodity of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, but such only as shall bona fde and without Fraud be laden and shipped in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to the Laws then in being; and also so much of the said Act as allows Merchants and Traders exporting Foreign Goods for Drawbacks to have Three Years' Time from the Importation of such Goods for that Purpose, accounting such Importation from the Master's Report of his Ship; — also,

8 G.i. c. 15. 70. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign

§ l to 5. and of King George the First, intituled An Act for the Encouragement

16' of the Silk Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and for taking off

several Duties on Merchandize exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported, and for the Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, or any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit, and which said Act was in part made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a) as relates to Allowances to be paid upon the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, or upon the Manufactures of Silk mixed with any other Materials, or as imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture upon the Shipment or relanding of such Goods; and also so much of the said* recited Acts as enacts, that all Beaver Skins and other Furs of the

(a) 49 G. 3, c. 20. §1.

Product

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

627

Product of the British Plantations in America, Asia or Africa, shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and laid on shore there and not elsewhere; — and also,

71. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign eG.l. c. 18. of King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to § 1» 2, 3. prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore

of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject; and which said Act was in part made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (b), as relates to the Importation of Foreign Brandy and other Spirits in Vessels of less Burthen than Forty Tons; and as relates to the Forfeiture of Boats rowing with more than Four Oars above or below London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich or Ipswich, or the Members or Creeks $ 6. to them or either of them respectively belonging; and also as relates to Persons passing with Foreign Goods landed without Entry, and being more than Five in Number, resisting Officers of the Customs or Excise in the seizing or securing any Sort of Run Goods or Commodities; and also as imposes a Penalty upon § io. Persons receiving or buying any Run Goods, or being clandestinely concerned in the running of such Goods; and also as § 16.

directs the Mode in which Seizures of Vessels and Boats are to be proceeded upon and dealt with; and also so much of the § 13,

said Act as forfeits Goods removed from One Part of Great Britain into another, and landed before Delivery of the Cocquet to the proper Officer, and as forfeits Foreign Goods landed without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs; and also as relates to the § 19. Allowance for Freight on Wine staved, spilt or otherwise destroyed, or on Wine stranded; and as relates to the Importation § 22 *

of Copper Ore, the Produce of the British Plantations; and also 5 25.

as regards the Penalty imposed on Persons resisting Officers of the Customs and Excise in the due Execution of their Duty; — and also,

72. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign 9G.1. c. 21. of King George the First, intituled An Act for enabling His Ma- § 7.

jesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under the Management of One or more Commissioners; and for the better securing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco; and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco and other Goods and Merchandize, or carrying the same coastwise, as enacts, that if any Tobacco or other Foreign Goods or Merchandizes shall be taken on board any coasting Vessel in Parts beyond the Seas, or out of any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or at any other Port or Place of this Kingdom, other than the Port or Place from whence such Goods shall be certified, that the said Goods and Double the Value thereof shall be forfeited, and the Master of the coasting Ship shall forfeit the Value of the said Tobacco or other Goods; — and also,

73. So much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the nG, i. c. 30. Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the more

effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Public Revenue;

[b) 49 G. 3. c. 20.]

S s 2 for

ms

C. 105'.

Go GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

§8.,. § 18 to 21,

] 2 G.l. c. 28. § 1 to 20.

§ 22 to 24.

§ 28.

1 G.2. st. 2. c. 1 7. § 7, S.

yor preventing Frauds in. the Salt* Duties, ' 'and for giving Relief for > Salt used in 'the curing of Salmon and Cod Fish; in the Year One thousand seven, hundred and nineteen, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland .; /or enabling the Insurance Companies to piecid the General Issue in Actions brought against them; and for securing the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Insure ance, as enacts, that no Tea whatsoever shall be imported tron^ any Place whatsoever, other than the Place of its Growth; and also so much of the said Act as forfeits run and prohibited Goods for being harboured, kept or concealed, and imposes a Penalty; of Treble the Value of the said Goods upon the Person or Persons who shall harbour, keep or conceal the same; and also as forfeits Goods offered for Sale as prohibited or run Goods, - and imposes a Penalty upon the Seller or Buyer of such Goods; and as to the Proof required, upon Trial of an Information relating to His Majesty's Customs or Excise, of any Person being an Officer of the Customs or Excise; — and also,

74. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for the Lnjorovement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties, as relates to the Sale of Tea and other forfeited Goods, which have been seized by Officers of the Customs and Excise, and as to the Rewards to be paid to the said Officers on account thereof; and also, so much of the said Act as restrains Officers of the Customs and Excise from dealing or trading in Tea or Coffee or Brandy or other exciseable Liquors; and also so much; of the said Act as throws the Onus probandi for seized Goods upon the Claimant, and not upon the seizing Officer; and also as; enacts that such Tobacco seized for being prohibited, or Nonpayment of Duties, as will not sell for the Duties, may be burnt, and the Officers rewarded for the same; and as prohibits the Importation of Tobacco Stalks; and also so much of the said Act-as enacts, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to cause seized Vessels to be used in His Majesty's Service, the Officer being first paid his Share of the same; *

and also as to Justices administering Oaths with respect to Seizures made by Officers of the Customs, in order to ascertain the Value; and also as to the Examination* of Goods entered for Drawback, Bounty or Premium, or of prohibited Goods, and Goods shipped for Exportation without Warrant, or the Presence of an Of-, ficer; and also as to Goods brought into His Majesty's Ware-, houses for Security of the Duties; and also as to damaged Wines, being distilled into Brandy or made into Vinegar; and to the Importation and Exportation of Goods to and from the Isle of Man; and also as to the filing of any Information for any Penalty by the Laws of the Customs, or making Compositions for the same; — and also,;

7J. So much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for repealing the '

; present Duties on Wine Lees and Lignum Vita, and laying neiv Duties on Wine Lees, and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks, Bottles or small Casks, and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures, and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in Foreign

Parts

6° GEO. I V.

Gy I 05. 62

Parts where such Certificates cannot be had, and for giving'further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pap Duties omitted to he-paid for their Indentures and Contracts, as relates to the Importation of Wines in Flasks or Bottles, or Vessels containing loss than Twenty five Gallons; and also as relates to the Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Silk Manufactures, and to the Discharge of Bonds given for the due Exportation of the Game; — and also,

76. So much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the 2G.2. c. 28. Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to revive the § 8.

Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of Foreign

Brandy and other Waters and Spirits, for Importation of Cochineal, -

to continue several Acts for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity, for making perpetual an Act therein mentioned for the-Suppression of Piracy, for enabling Persons prosecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of Goods to defend in forma pauperis, for more effectually debarring of the unlawful Games, for licensiyig Retailers of Brandy and other distilled Liquors, and for better regulating Licences for common Inns and Alehouses, as allows Persons arrested and imprisoned by virtue of a Writ of Capias '

or Information relating to the Customs, to defend the Action or Information in forma pauperis; — and also,

77. So much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign 2G.2. c.ss.

of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of His Majesty's Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards and jBowsprights from that Part of r '

Great Britain called Scotland, as remains unrepealed; — and also,

78. So much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign 40.2. c. 30, of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering more §2. effectual an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign-, intituled 6 An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade

so far as the same relates to the preventing the inhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by keeping of Tumi in delivering Coals there, as enacts, that the Master of every Ship or Vessel loaded with Coals, or other Person having the Care thereof, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of London, the Cocquets containing the Lading of such Ships or Vessels, within the Space of Four Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel as high as Gravesend in the River Thames; — and also,

79. So much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5G.2. c. 22, of King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Ex- § l.-portation of Hats out of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices taken

by the Hatmakers in the said Colonies or Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great Britain, as relates to the Transportation of Hats or Felts from any of the Plantations in America; — and also,

80. So much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 G.2, c. 24. " of King George the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging the §3.

Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; and

S s 3 which

630

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

6 G.2. c. 13.

6G.2. c. 17.

§ 10.

7 G.2. c. 19. § 1.

9 G.2. c. 33.

§ 1.

9G.2. c. 35.

9 G.2. c. 37.

§4.

i 5 G. 2. c. 20. §7.

which said Act was in part made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a), as relates to the Oath of the Planter or his Agent previously to the Shipment of any Coffee on board any Vessel, and to the Oath of the Commander of the Vessel as to the Receipt thereof; — and also,

81. An Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Ame. rica; — and also,

82. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on Compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the running of Brandies, as imposes a Penalty upon Officers of the Customs who shall neglect to seize and prosecute Vessels* Boats* Horses or other Cattle or Carriages forfeited for the running of Brandies; — and also,

83. So much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland; and to prevent the adulterating or sophisticating of Hops to alter the Colour or Scent thereof.\ as relates to the Importation, unshipping or landing of Foreign Hops; — and also,

84s So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to render the Law more effectual for preventing the Importation of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to Ships exporting Fish to the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coast of Scotland, as imposes the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds upon Persons importing Fish contrary to an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Penalty of Fifty Pounds upon the Master or Commander of any Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported; — and also,

85. An Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of the Customs and Excise, and for enforcing those Lawsfor the future; — and also,

86. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufactures of British Sail Cloth, and the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, as requires certain Vessels to have a complete Suit of Sails of British Sail Cloth; — and also,

j 87. So much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Counterfeit of Gold and Silver I.ace; and for settling and adjust-(a) 49 G.8. c, 20. $3.

Mg

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

631

ing the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread, as regards the Importation of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe or any other Work made thereof, or any Thread, Lace, Fringe or other Work made of Copper, Brass or any other inferior Metal, or Gold or Silver Wire, or Plate; — and also,

88. So much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade; and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for the preventing collusive Captures there; and for obliging Claimers of Vessels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East Incfia Goods to be taken out of

Warehouses in order to be cleaned and rfreshed, as relates to the Condition of Plantation Bonds, and also as relates to the taking out of Warehouses East India Goods for the Purpose of being cleaned and refreshed; — and also,

89. So much of an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for effectually preventing the Exportation of Foreign Linens under the Denomination of British and Irish Linens, as relates to the Payment of Bounty upon jthe Exportation of British or Irish Linens; — and also,

90. So much an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea sold in Great Britain, and for granting His Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one Country into another, as relates to the Importation of Tea from Europe; — and also,

91. So much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more (ffectually securing the Duties now payable on Foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for the charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first setting out to Sea to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Fourth f Year of the Reign of King George the Third (<2), as relates to the Importation^ Entry and Payment of Duty upon Foreign made Sails, and to the stamping of Sails or Sail Cloth, and as compels Ships built in Great Britain, or in His Majesty's Plantations in America, to be furnished with a Set of new Sails made of Sail Cloth manufactured in Great Britain, upon being first navigated; — and also,

92. So much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better encouragement of the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, as relates to the Lists of Men to be delivered to Officers of the Customs; — and also.

93. An Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the further

(a) 45 G. 3. c. 68.$3.

S s 4; Punishment

15G.2. c. 31.

§4.

18G.2, c. 24, §2, 3.

18G.2. c. 26.

§ 10.

§11. § 12.

19 G. 2. c. 27. § 1 to 12.

f Sic.

19 G.2. c, 30;

§3.

19 G. 2. C. 34.

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

6-32

22 G.2. c. 36.

22 G.2. c.S7.

23 G.2. c. 13. § 3 to 6.

23 G.2. c. 21. § 26 to 30.

Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laxvs of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laxvs upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which said Act was in part made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third (b); — and also,

94. An Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of Foreign Embroidery and Brocade, and of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire manufactured in Foreign Parts-; — and also,

95. An Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better securing His Majesty's Duties arising upon Coals, Culm and Cinders exported beyond Sea; — and also,

96. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the effectual punishing of Persons convicted of seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made use of in the Woollen and Silk Manufacture from Great Britain or Ireland into Foreign Parts; for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cases by an Act made in the last Sessions of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned, as relates to the Exportation of Tools or Utensils commonly used in or proper for the preparing, working and finishing of the Woollen or Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; — and also,

97. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty, and for applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer as Part of the Supply of the said Year and for the Application of certain Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster General; and for obviating a Doubt in an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, in respect of Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for giving

further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for transferring the Bounties noxv payable upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laxvs against the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles and Starch into this Kingdom, so far as regards the Payment of the Bounty on British Sail Cloth, and so far as restricts the Importation of Candles, Soap and Starch to Packages containing at least Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of neat Candles^ Soap or Starch, and that the same shall be openly stowed in the Hold of the Ship or Vessel importing the same; and also so much of

(a) 43 6.3. c. 157. § 1, 2.

the

6^ GEO. I V.

C. 105.

633

A.D. 1825.

the said Act as requires the Sufferance, Cocquet or Transire, granted for the Removal coastwise of Candles, Soap or Starch, to express the Quantity, Quality and Weight of the same; — and also,

98. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of 23 G. 2. c. 29. the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to § 3* encourage the Importation of Pig or Bar Iron from His Majestys

Colonies in America; and to prevent the Erection of any Mill or other Engine for slitting or rolling of Iron, or any Plateing Forge to work with a Tilt Hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies, as relates to the exporting or carrying Bar Iron coastwise; — and also,

99. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of 24 G.2. c. 5i. the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for $2* encouraging the making of Pot Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the

British Plantations in America, as imposes a Penalty upon Persons making an Entry of any Foreign Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes under the Name or Description of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes of the Production of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or of mixing the same; — and also,

100. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 26 G. 2. c. 19. the Reign of King George the Second intituled An Act for §5* enforcing the Laws against Persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked Goods and for the Relief of Persons suffering Losses

thereby, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

101. An Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of 26 G.2. c. 2l. King George the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging the

Silk Manufacture of this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Velvets, wrought Silks and Silks mixed with other Materials, not manufactured in Great Britain; — and also,

102. An Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign 28G.2. c. 2l. of King George the Second, intituled An Act for making more

effectual the Laivs prohibiting the Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Casks or Vessels not containing Sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of Six Pounds, found on board any Ship or Vessel not belonging to or employed by the East India Company; — and also,

103. An Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign 29 G.2. c. 15. of King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting a

Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Dut ies on the Importation of Foreign raw Linen made of Flax; and which said Act has been continued by ' J

an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a), so long as Bounty is payable upon Irish Linen exported from Ireland; — and also,

104. An Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign 29G.2. c. 16. of King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Saltpetre, and to enforce the Law for empowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition; and also to empower His Majesty to restrain the carrying coastwise Saltpetre,

Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition; — and also,

(a) 3 G.4.C. 28.

105. An

634f

32G.2. c. 32. S3 G.2. c. 28.

2 G.3. c. 24. 3 G. 3. c. 21.

3 0.3. c. 22.

4 G.3. c. 19.

5 G.3. c.l.

5 G.3. c. 10.

5 G. 3. c. 30. § to 7.

c. 105. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

105. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual 'preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns; — and also,

106. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Rum and other Spirits, of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Molasses, as relates to the Exportation of Rum, and the Penalties imposed for relanding the same; — and also,

107. An Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for importing Salt from Europe, into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America; — and also,

108. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled 1 Sil/c Works; — and also,

109. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for Prevention of the clandestine running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions;

— and also,

110. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America for a limited Time; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a);

— and also,

111. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Importation of Salt Beef Pork, Bacon and Butter from Ireland for a limited Time; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (b); — and also,

112. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (c); — and,

113. So much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa with suck coarse printed Calicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies or other Places beyond the Cape of

Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal and Flour from thence to the Isle of Man, as relates to the Importation and warehousing of Bugles; — and also,

(a) 48 G. 3. c. 22. (b) 10G.S.C. 2. (c) 10G.$. c. 3.

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

635

114. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King $g, George the Third, intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining trie Exportation of Gum Senega

from Africa to Great Britain only; — and also,

115. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King 5G. George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually preventing

the Mischief arising to the Revenue and Commerce o/* Great Britain and Ireland from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man; — and also,

116. So much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5G, of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods,

the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island under certain Restrictions and Regulations, as relates to unentered Goods found concealed in any Package or Merchandize sent to the King's Storehouses; and also as relates to damaged Wines; and also as relates to the Importation into Great Britain of Tobacco Stalks or Stems stript from the Leaf; and also as relates to the Proceedings against any Persons by Capias or otherwise, or against any Vessel, Cattle, or Carriage forfeited by the said Act or any other Act; or as relates to the Importation of Bestials [and other Goods, the Growth and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and the Bounties payable upon the Importation of British and Irish Linens; or as relates to the Importation of Spirits, or the Allowance of Drawbacks or Bounties on Goods exported to the Islands of Faro or Farro, and to the Exportation of prohibited or other Goods to the said Islands; and also as relates to the Importation of Coffee in less Packages than One hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight, and to Vessels hovering within certain Distances of the Coast, and to the Shares to be paid to Officers for making Seizures, and the Mode of prosecuting such Seizures; — and also,

117. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for more ffectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and for granting an Inland Duty \on all Coffee imported (<except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; and for repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions; — and also,

118. An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain and the British Dominions; and for rendering more ffectual an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the

Reign

3. c. 37.

3. c.S9-

3. c. 4S.

§ 11.

§ 13.

21 to 24. 28 & 29.

5 G.3. c. 45.

3. c. 48.

636

6 G.3. G.3.

6 G.3. § 9to;

6 G.S.

7 G.3. 7 G.3;

C.-105. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled Silk Works; — and also,

c. 19. 119. An Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom; — and also, c*28' 120. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign 'wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combination of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; which said Act was made

perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a), as relates to the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets; — and also, c. 40. 121. So much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

ll* of King George the Third, intituled An Act for explaining and

amending such Part of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting and effectually securing the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid Clerks, Apprentices and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Txvo Acts made in the last Sessions of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bugles exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Sessions of Parliament, to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney; and for obviating certain Doubts with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Sessions of Parliament, as permits certain Quantities of Coals to be exported from Newcastle and Swansea to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney, without Payment of certain Duties; — and also, c. 50. 122. An Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle\ between the said Ports, without Cocquets being taken or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for talcing Affidavits in the County, to be made use of in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island; — and also, c. 2.' 123. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Kin< *

George the Third, to amend the last mentioned Act; — and also, c. 4l* 124. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to put *the Customs and other Duties in the British Dominions in America,

(a) 48 G. 3. c*.'22. §1, 15.

and

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

637

and the Execution of the Laics relating to Trade there, under the, Management of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions; — and also,

125. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty first, and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His last Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambrics and French Lawns; — and also,

126. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Parley, Oats, Meal and Flour, authorized by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island; — and also,

127. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting certain Duties in> the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China and Earthenware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; — and also,

128. An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for discontinuing the Duties on. Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritice imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to certain Duties on Silks painted or stained in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty

free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Sessio?i of Parliament; and for the more effectual preventing the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needlework, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; — and also,

129. An Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenue of the British Colonies and Plantations in America; — and also,

130. So much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for reducing the Duties on foul Salt to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Insurances; for amending so much, of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported

from this Kingdom; for the better securing the Excise Duties upon, Foreign Liquors imported; and for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for Home. Consumption; for amending such Parts

7 G*3. c. 4S.

7 G*3. c. 45.

7 G.3. c. 46.

7 G.3. c. 47.

8 G.3. c. 22.

8 G.3. c. 25. § 10.

038

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

9 G. 3. c. 28.

9 G. 3. c.S5.

§ 2.

9 G. 3. c. 39.

§ 10.

9 G.3. c. 41.

§ I &6.

of Two Acts, waete in Me SixM cnc? Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom House in London Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambrics and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof as relates to Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, and other Works made thereof, and to all Cambrics and Lawns which may have been seized for any Cause of Forfeiture; — and also,

131. An Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions, and to import from thence nonenumerated Goods (except Rum), and to land the same in the said Islands; — and also,

132. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as discontinued the Drawback on Foreign rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages of such Clerks employed before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving such Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said Acts, as relates to the Exportation of Naval Stores; — and also,

133. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America for a limited Time, and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any ff His Majesty's Orders of Council prohibiting the Importation ff Raw Hides, Horns or Hoofs of infected Cattle; and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns and Hoffs for the future, as empowers His Majesty, by Proclamation or

Order in Council, to prohibit generally, or from any particular Country or Countries, the Importation of any Hides or Skins, Horns or Hoofs, or any other Part of any Cattle or Beast, into the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, to prevent any contagious Distemper from being brought into this Kingdom; — and also,

134*. So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in

20 Africa;

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

659

Africa; for allotting to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland ft proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies,

Thorns and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley called Bigg from the Port of Kirkwall in the Islands of Orkney, as relates to the Removal of certain Goods from an Out Port in Great Britain to the Port of London; and also as relates to the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in Senegambia; — and also,

135. So much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the lOG.s. c. 37. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing § 2-

so much of an Act in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act to continue and amend Two Acts made

in the Twenty first and Twenty eighth Years of His late Majesty's 1 Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plant-

ations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act

of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize

Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, ' as relates to the encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of a?i Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers the7'e; and which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a), as allows Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in the British Colonies to demand and receive Fees; — and also,

136. An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King ioG.s. c.S8. George the Third, intituled An Act for "continuing the Bounties

on British and Irish Linens exported; for further discontinuing the Duties 07i the Importation of Foreign raw Li7ien Yam made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British chequed and striped Linens, and upo7i British and Irish Diapers,

Huckabacks, Sheeting and other Linen of above a certain Breadth;

— and also,

137. An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King 10 G. 3. c. 4S.

George the Third, intituled A71 Act for repealing the Duties upo7i Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane and Horse Hair Hats and Bonnets, and up071 certain Materials for making the same, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties i7i lieu thereof; and for the 77iore effectual preventing the fraudulent hnportaiion of such Goods; — and also,

138. An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King lOG.s. c. 45. George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the further spreading

of the contagious Diso7'ders among the Homed Cattle in Great Britain; — and also,

139. An Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King 11 G.3. c. 4i. George the Third, intituled An Act to explain aii Act made in the

Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act giving further Encouragement for the (a) 45 G. 3. c. 68. § 5.

6 Importation

640

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

12G.S. c. 58.

§4.

14 G.S. c. 42.

14 G.S. c. 71.

15G.S. c.Sl.

16 G.S. c. 47.

§3.

16 G.3. c. 48.

Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, ' so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood, the Growth and Production of America; and to explain so much of an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inlitided 6 An Act for enlarging and regulating Trade into the Levant Seas, ' as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at certain Places therein mentioned; — and also,

140. So much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coast of the Isle of* Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy one, as permits the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man to export Herrings to the British Colonies or Plantations in America; — and also,

141. An Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a); — and also,

142. An Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; — and also,

143. So much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, as remains unrepealed, and relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

144. So much of an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, as relates to Fees taken by the Officers of Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; — and also,

145. An Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing further time for the Exportation or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; to empower the Commissioners of the Customs to order cdl Bonds relative to that -Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been tried for the Space of Five Years (except those Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty), to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duty upon Feather Beds imported inter this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds; — and also,

(a) 39 G. 3..C. 75.

A.D. 1825.

C. 105.

641

6° GEO. IV.

146. An Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of 17 G.3. c. 4i. King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine tin-shipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on board Vessels employed in the East India Company's Service; for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Masters of British or Irish Ships sailing from any of His Majesty's Dominions in the Baltic, to deliver a Manifesto of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing there; — and also,

147. An Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of 17 G. 3. c. 43. King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Brtish Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies for a limited Time; which said Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year (a) of the Reign of King George the Third; — and also,

148. An Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of 18G..3. c. 27. King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting His Majesty

several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom; and also,

149. An Act passed in the Eighteenth Yrear of the Reign of 18 G. 3. c. 55, King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation

of certain Goods directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland; — and also,

150. An Act passed in the Eighteenth YTar of the Reign of 18 G. 3. c. 58. King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend so

much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain; — and also,

151. An Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of 19 G. 3. c.se, King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue several Laws § 7. relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation

of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogslard and Grease; to the regidating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyage; and which Act was made perpetual by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third (b), so far as regards the Allowance on Drawbacks upon Rum shipped as Stores; — and also,

(a) As to Tobacco Pipe Clay, 48 G. 3. c. 22. (b) 42 G. 3. c. 20.

Tt 152. Art

642

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

19 G.3. c. 48.

19G.S. c. 62.

19 G, 3. c. 69.

20 G.3. c. 7.

20 G. 3. c. 10.

20 G.3. c. 42.

21 G.3. c. 16.

21 G.3. c. 28.

152. An Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain so much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled ' An Act for the encouraging and increasing of ' Shipping and Navigationas relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia or America, which are manufactured in Foreign Parts; for preventing Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, in the Po?'t of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock or Bason at the Port of Kingston upon Hull; — and also,

153. An Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond; — and also,

154. An Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned; — and also,

155. An Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 'An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Panelesfrom the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain — and also,

156. An Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements; — and also,

157. An Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man, and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island; — and also,

158. An Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon certain Foreign Goods, and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain; — and also,

159. An Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obvi-

6° GEO. IV.

643

C. 105.

ating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the Isle of Man; — and also,

160. An Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of 21 ^*3* c*37* King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; — and also,

161. An Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of 21G.S. c. 39. King George the Third, intituled An Act for securing the Property

of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Master and Seamen; — and also,

162. An Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of 21 G*3, c*62* King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend a?i

Act made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and for granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs, ' so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making 6 Seizures, and for the Prevention of the clandestine running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions; to permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demorary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties and under the like Restrictions as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies; — and also,

163. An Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign 22 G. 3. c, 60. of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the seducing

of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Muslins and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates or other Implements; — and also,

164. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of 22(3.3. c. 78, the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit § 2 '

Drugs the Product of Hungary or Germany to be imported from

the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or Germany Wines, and organzined-Thrown Silk, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of Timber and other Goods from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Production or Manufacture, as relates to the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Hungary, the Austrian Dominions, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain; — and also,

165. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of 23 (3, 3* c*11, the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend

T t 2 an

614

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV.

A J). 1825.

23 0.3.

23 G.3.

24 G.3.

c. 21.

24 G.3. c. 47.

24 G.3. c. 50.

25 G.3. 25 G.3.

aw 4c£ made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King * George the Second, intituled ' Act for the more effectual securing

the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants *into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso of an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines), to be imported in small Casks for private Use; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize, as relates to the Importation of Currants in Hogsheads or Casks, each of which shall contain at least Five hundred Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of net Currants; — and also, c.TG. 166. An Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wines in this Kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of Refined Sugar, entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty; — and also, c. 79. 167- So much of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in America, as relates to the Revenue of the Customs; ^-and also,

Sess. 2. 168. An Act passed in tire Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untanned Coney Sldns; and from preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair Dutyfree; — and also,

Sess. 2. 169. An Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; — and also,

Sess. 2. 170. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchants Ships on their Voyage; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles or other Packages, as relates to the Removal of Wine from one Port in Great Britain to another Port in the same; — and also, c. 54. 171. An Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cinders; — and also, c. 55. 172. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the

Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Per-so?is vending Gloves or Mittens, and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail, as relates to the Importation of Leather cut into the Form of Gloves or Mitts, called Shapes or Tanks, or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

S45

which shall be cut into any other Manner or Form, in order to be made into Gloves or Mitts; — and also,

173. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of 25 G. 3. c. 56. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for more § 8 *

effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the Illicit importation of Foreign made Cordage, as relates to Vessels arriving in Great Britain having on board Foreign made Cordage; — and also,

174. An Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of 25 G.3. c. 67. King George the Third, intituled An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactories of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; — and also,

175. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 26G, 3# c, 26--the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend

and render more effectual the several Laivs notv in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties for a limited Time on certain Terms and Conditions, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

176. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the 26 G.3 c. 36. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain an § 2to 4 *

Act made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowance to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt

and Rock Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British Refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for encouraging and

regulating the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply (f the Inhabitants there with a certain 1 Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour, authorized by

an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island, as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatsoever, except from Great Britain, without:

Payment of any Custom or any other Duty whatsoever, so far as regards the Importation of British Refined Sugar into the Isle-of Man, and the Exportation of Sugar therefrom; — and also,

177. An Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of 2SG.3. c. 40. King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods; — and also,

178. An Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of 26 G.3. c. 4i. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Support

and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; — and also,

179. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of 26 G.3. c. 59, the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repeal- §

ing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, as empowers Officers of the Customs to convey Wines to the Custom House Warehouse, for Security

646

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

26 G.3. c. 89. '

26 G.3. c. 104.

27 G.3. c. 13.

27 G.S. c. 32.

28 G.S. c. 34.

28 G. 3. c. 38.

of the Duties, if, within Twenty Days after Entry is made of the Vessel in which the same shall be imported, due Entry be not made of the said Wine; and also, as empowers the Commissioners of the Customs to cause such Wine to be sold within Three Months after the same shall have been so conveyed to the said Warehouse; — and also,

180. An Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled an Act to explain, amend and extend to other I'ools and Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit the Exportation io Foreign Parts of I'ools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and io prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in these Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Sea; — and also,

181. An Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing a Draiv-bach of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey; — and also,

182. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the lteign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other D ut ies composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, as relates to the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as relates to the Mode of collecting or securing Payment of Duties of Customs, or the Allowance of Drawback of such Duties, upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into or exported from this Kingdom; — and also,

183. An Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described, therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

184. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act more effectually to secu re the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, as remains nowr in force and unrepealed; — and also,

185. An Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain, amend and >'educe into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for

preventing

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

647

preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Lambs and Rams, Wool,

Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Gruels, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again,

Mattrasses or Beds stuffed with combed Wool or Wool fit for combing. Fullers' Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney,

Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more ffectual an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled ' An Act for true winding of Wool; — and also,

186. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of c'53 *

the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for ^2c 3 *

further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Payment of Bounty for Ships proceeding to the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas or in Davis's Streights; — and also,

187. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of 29 G.3. c. 68. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing

the Duties on Tobacco and Sniff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Tobacco and Snuff; — and also,

188. So much of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the 30 G. 3. c. 29. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending

an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Port of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in c the Island of Grenado, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, Under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, ' as remains unrepealed; — and also,

189. An Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King 30 G. 3. c. 43. George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures out of His Majesty's Share of Seizures in general; — and also,

190. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of 32 G.s. c. 22. King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue and amend

several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; — and also,

191. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His Ma- 22g.3. c. 32. jesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to revive and continue so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, as relates -10 the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and

T t 4 Ports -

648

32 G. 3. c. 43.

32 G.3. c. 50.

33 G.S. c. 2.

33 G.3. c. 43 *

33 G.S. c. 56.

S3 G.S. c. 70.

33 G.S. c.SJ.

34 G.S. c. 20.

Portsmouth, and to extend the same to Horses and Lamb, and to amend the said Act; — and also,

192. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Bottoms; — and also,

193. An Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Forth to the Clyde; — and also,

194. An Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Saltpetre, Arms and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council; — and also,

195. An Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains and oih-er Commissioned Officers on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free; — and also,

196. An Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships; — and also,

197. An Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allotting a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels liable to be broken up to private Persons, to be used as Privateers; — and also,

198. An Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey; — and also,

199. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard

6° GEO. IV. C. 105. 619

and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof as enacts, that Officers of the Customs at the Port or Place where any Foreign Paper shall be imported, shall cause the same to be marked, stamped or sealed, in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland shall think fit to direct; — and also,

[34 G.3. c.S4.]

200. An Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for indemnifying all

Persons who have been concerned in advising erf' carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Exportation of Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes; for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying coastwise Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes, and for making further-Provision relative thereto; — and also,

201. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year 34G.S. c. 42. of the Reign of King George the Third intituled, An Act for § granting Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for. allowing Aliens in Foreign Countries surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; ' and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of His late Majesty as amendeth said Act; as relates to aliens residing in any Place surrendered to His Majesty in the West Indies, acting as Merchants or Factors; — and also,

202. An Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of 34 G.3. c. 50. King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing so much

of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as directs that no Cambrics or Lawns' shall be imported from Ireland, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Lem; to allow the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands for a limited Time for making more effectual an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco shipped for Exportation; — and also,

203. An Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of 34 G.3. c. 54. King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone and Marble;

— and also,

20-1. An Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of 34 G.3. c. 68. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; — and also,

205. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the 35 G.3. c. 3i. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for extending § ! the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops,

Wherries,

650

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

35 G.3.

35 G.3

35 G.3,

36 G.3

36 G.3

37 G.3

§5.

Wherries, Smacks or Yawl, of any Built 'whatsoever; for amending an Act made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of the Customs; for amending of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for the Reliefxf the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and ' landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh to grant Licences to Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Sniff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh, as extends the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (a), to every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, of any Built whatsoever the same may be; — and also, c. 39. 206. An Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on the Pennygorod Works in the County of Pembroke; — and also,

. c. 92. 207. An Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries; — and also,

, c. 96. 208. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the

Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cases relating to the Public Revenue, as relates to Persons detained in Gaol for assaulting or obstructing Officers of the Customs in the Execution of their Duty; — and also,

. c. 82. 209. An Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled An Act more ffectually to prevent the landing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, without the Presence of the proper Officer; to authorize Officers of the Customs to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty's Warehouse within a certain Time after the landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels and Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to' re-deliver their Licences in case any such Ships, Vessels or Boats shall be lost, broken up or otherwise disposed of: — and also,

. c. 110. 210. An Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting the carrying coastwise of Lime, Limestone, Dung and other Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire or Let Pass; — and also,

;. c. 73. 211. So much of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of

the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchants Ships trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, as requires Masters of Ships within Ten Days of their Arrival out at any Port in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, and also within Ten Days after their Arrival Plome at any Port within Great Britain, to deliver, upon Oath, a true and exact List and Description of all and every the Crew on Board, and also a List

(a) 31 G.3. c. 50. $7.

of

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

of such of the Crew as shall have deserted or died during the Voyage, and of the Wages due to each Seaman; — and also,

212. An Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council which may he made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; for permitting Wines put on board any of His Majesty's Ships to be removed from one Ship to another without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Controller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth; — and also,

213. An Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries; — and also,

214-. An Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America; — and also,

215. An Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund; — and also,

216. An Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; — and also,

217. An Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Slones, and Slones used for the Purpose of paving, or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duty charged thereon when carried coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels or Boats, to all Cases

wherein

651

38 G. 3. c. 33.

38 G.3. c. 57. 38 G.3. c. 67.

38 G. 3. c. 86.

39 G.3. c. 59.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 51.

A.D. 1825.

652

S9&40 G.3. c. 59.

39 & 40 G.3. c. 83.

41 G.3. G.B.

c. 2.

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 21.

41 G.3. (U. K.) c. 75.

42 G.3. c. 18.

42 G.3. c. 22.

42 G.3. c. 44.

42 G.8. c. 82.

42 G. 3. c. 95.

C. 105. 6° GEO. IV.

wherein Ships, Vessels or Boats may he liable to Forfeiture; — and also,

218. An Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereofj* — and also,

219. An Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for per-mining French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks; — and also,

220. An Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize'His Majesty from time to time to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food; — and also,

221. An Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; — and also,

222. An Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, without the Payment of Duty, under certain Restrictions; — and also,

223. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Provisions allowed to Ships employed in and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery; — and also,

224*. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing, until the Twenty fifth of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same; — and also,

225. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions; — and also,

226. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain; — and also,

227. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil or Oil of Seals, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on

Goods

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

653

Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in 'which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey,

Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republics, to be imported, for Three Years from the passing of this Act, upon the Payment of certain Duties; — and also,

228. An Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of 42 G.s. c. 97. King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Lord

High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometer now employed in the Management of the Revenues to be discontinued, and other Instruments to be used instead thereof; — and also,

229. An Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43 G. 3. c.<58. King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of

Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; — and also,

230. An Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43 G. 3. c. 128. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Regulation

of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain Cases; — and also,

231. An Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of 43 G. 3. c. 157. King George the Third, intituled An Act to maize perpetual so

much of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; — and also,

232. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G.3. c. 9. King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports, for the present Season; — and

also,

233. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G.s. c.io. King George the Third, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the effectual Performance of Quarantine; — and also,

234. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G. 3. c. 68. King George the Third, intituled An Act for making perpetual and amending several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth

in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Importation of a certain Quantity of Corn and Grain to Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland; — and also,

235. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G.3. c. 9<>. King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fisheries;

— and also,

236. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G.3. c. 9f. King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating and en-

cour aging

654

C. 105.

GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

45 G.3. c. 121.

45 G.3. c. 122.

45 G\3. c. 128.

45 G.3. c«9.

46 G.3. c. 74.

46 G.3. c, 81. 46 G.3. c. 82.

46 G.3. c. 98.

46 G.3. c. 104.

46 G.3. c. 116.

46 G.3. c. 137.

couraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man; — and also,

237. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling; — and also,

238. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass in Great Britain;

— and also,

239. An Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a licensed Quantity of Coals, 'Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; and which said Act was continued, by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a), until the Tenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; — and also,

240. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports; — and also,

241. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on >Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships; — and also,

242. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain; — and also,

243. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed; — and also,

244. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for making additional and further Provision for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain; — and also,

245. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing, until the First of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; — and also,

246. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow certain Articles to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta, direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in return for British American Fish;

— and also,

247. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His pre-

(a) 1 G.4. c. 54.

sent

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

655

sent Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to he iwarehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles 7iot therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to he given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty;

— and also,

248. An Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of 4GG.3. c. 150. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs

in Great Britain; — and also,

249. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of 47G-S* Sess. i. King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing the Export- c'9 *

at ion'"annually of a Quantity of Worsted Yarn to Canada; — and also,

250. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of 47 G. 3. Sess. i. King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow, for Two Years c. 22.

from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar, to such as shall be pounded) crushed or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; — and also,

251. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G.3. Sess. i. of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow Turkey To- c*25 *

bacco to be imported into Great Britain in small Packages; — and - also,

252. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G.3. Sess. i. "of King George the Third, intituled An Act for extending to Ger- c. 2G.

man Yarn the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of the last Parliament) for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Poreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships; — and also,

253. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47<3.3. Sess. i. of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal so much of c. 48. certain Acts as relates to the Regulations or Conditions under which

Coffee) Cocoa Nuts, Sugar and Rice (not being the Produce of the East Indies), are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; and to authorize the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies to administer certain Oaths; — and also,

254. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of 47 G.3. Sess. i, King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting the Ex- c. 49. poydation of Fullers Earth) Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay,

to any Place in Possession of His Majesty; — and also,

255. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of 47 G. 3. Sess. i. King George the Third, intituled An Actio extend the Provisions c. 51.

of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed) to the Out Ports; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund; — and also,

256. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G. 3. Sess. 2, of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize His Ma- c. 27.

jesty to permit the Importation of Naval Stores from any Place in

Ships

656

4t G.3. Sess. 2. c. 64.

47 G.3. Sess. S. c. 66.

48 G.3. c.ll.

48 G. 3. c. 12.

48 G.3. «.22.

48 G.3. c. 84.

48 G. 3. c. 95.

48 G.3. c. 109.

48 G.3. c. 124.

49 G.3. c. 17.

C. 105. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Ships belonging to States in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatsoever; — and also,

257. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Bounty now payable on British Callicoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar, to be paid on the same Articles when exported to Malta; — and also,

258. An Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention off Smuggling; — and also,

259. An Act passed in the Forty eight Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for permitting the Importation off Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent off South America, in Portuguese Ships; — and also," *

260. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and continue,. until the Twenty fifth Bay off March One thousand eight hundred and nine, sq much off an Act off the Forty seventh Year off His present Majesty, as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; — and also,

261. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Kingr George the Third, intituled An Act ffor

. making perpetual several Laws relating to permitting the Exportation off Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America, and the prohibiting off Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets; — and also,

262. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act ffor amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the last Session off Parliamentt, to make more effectual Provision ffor the Prevention off Smuggling; and ffor regulating the Periods ffor cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue off Customs;

— and also,

263. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 'King George the Third, intituled An Act, ffor continuing, until

the First Bay off August One thousand eight hundred, and eleven, an Act off the Forty fifth off His present Majesty, ffor allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity off Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; — and also,

264. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories on the Continent off South America; — and also,

265. An Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act ffor continuing the Prem iums allovoed to Ship>s employed in foe South ern Whale Fishery;

— and also,

266. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty, during the present War, to make Regulations respecting the

Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and which said Act has been continued by an Act passed in the First

Year

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

657

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a), until the Fifth Day 1 G.4. c. ir. of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; — and also,

267. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49^*3, cAG King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Principal Officers of the Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations

in America and the West Indies, to examine Witnesses upon Oath;

— and also,

268. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3. c. 59. King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried

on in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States;

— and also,

269. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3. c. 6i. King George the Third, intituled An Act for making Sugar and

Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation, as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations; — and also,

270. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G.3. c.C2. King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of Smuggling; for the better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper and Wine from Guernsey or Jersey to Sark, in small Packages; — and also,

271. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3. c. 05. King George the Third, intituled An Act for giving Jurisdiction to

Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods Customable and not Exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer, to be brought to the Custom House Warehouse in London, after a certain Period; — and also,

272. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3. c. 9S. King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the several

Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; — and also,

273. An Act passed in the Forty ninth Yrear of the Reign of 49 G.3. c. 107. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; — and also,

274. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King 50 G. 3. c. 20. George the Third, intituled An Act for removing Doubts as to the

Power of appointing Superintendants of Quarantine and their Assistants; — and also,

275. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King 50 G.3. c. 40. George the Third, intituled An Act for discontinuing the Bounty

on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol; — and also,

276. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King 50 G. 3. c. 42. George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating the Duties

of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the [a) 1 GA. c.ll.

6 Geo. IV, U u Management

658

50 G. 3. c. 55. 50 G.3. c. 61.

50 G.3. c. 62.

50 G.3. c. 110.

51 G.3. c. 43.

51 G-3. c. 46. 51 G.3. c. 48.

51 G.3. c. 50. 51 G.3. c. 52.

51 G.3. c. 62.

Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England; — and also,

277. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; and to increase the Shares payable to Officers in respect of Foreign-ivrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves; — and also,

278. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Guadalope, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations; — and also,

279. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign oF King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in the Isle of Man; — and also,

280. An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coeds, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; and which said Act has been continued by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a), until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; — and also,

281. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Time at which the additional Duties of Customs, imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on certain Species of Woody were to have taken place; and for granting Drawback upon Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; — and also,

282. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Officers of the Customs to act for the Superintendant of Quarantine and his Assistant; — and also,

283. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Louver Canada from Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland; — and also,

28. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Man than are now permitted by Law; — and also,

285. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England; — and also,

286. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit Rum and

(a) lG.Lc. 5L

other

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

655

other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland, from the Island of Bermuda; — and also,

287. An Act passed in the Fifty first .Year of the Reign of 51 G.3. c. 7i. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs; — and also,

288. An Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of 51 G. 3. c. 96. King George the Third, intituled An Act to .extend the Powers

vested in the Commissioners of the Customs, of restoring Vessels, and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue of any Acts relating to the Department of the Customs; — and also,

289. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52G.S. c. 2. King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique, and other conquered Islands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouses on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Waste as British Plantation Sugar; — and also,

290. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G. 3. c. 9. King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of

the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured; — and also,

291. An Act passed irr the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G.3. c. 35. King George the Third, intituled An Act to prohibit all Intercourse

between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Island of St. Domingo; — and also,

292. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G. 3. c. 55. King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Foreign Goods

of certain Descriptions being brought from the United States of America into Canada, and to allow a greater Quantity of Worsted Yarn to be exported from Great Britain to Canada; — and also,

293. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G.3. c. 100. King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit- the Exportation

of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies; — and also,

294. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G.3. c.io6. King George the Third, intituled An Act for increasing the Duty

on Rum and other Spirits imported into Newfoundland from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies; — and also,

295. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G.3. g.140. King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Exportation

of certain Articles to the Isle- of Manfrom Great Britain; — and also,

296. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 52 G.3. c. 141. King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Manner

of licensing Boats by the Commissioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Licences in Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed; and for the enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase certain Boats at a Valuation; — and also,

U u 2 297. An

660

52 G.3. c. 143. § 1. 11, 12.

52 G.3. c. 159.

53 G. 3. c. 3.

53 G.3. c. 21.

5S G.3. c. 44. 53 G.3. c, 47.

53 G.3. c. 98.

53 G.3. c. 111. 53 G.3. c. 125.

297. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force, imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of

or in Resistance to any Part of the Law for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, as relates to Olfences committed in Breach of any Law relating to His Majesty's Customs, or for the preventing of Smuggling; — and also,

298. An Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco; — and also,

299- An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and Saint Domingo; and also,

300. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to make an Allowance for the necessary Subsistence of poor Persons confined for Debts or Penalties suedfor under their Orders; — and also,

301. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines consumed the by Officers of the Roycd Marines serving on board His Majesty's Skips; — and also,

302. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Officers of His Majesty's Customs to take Bonds from Persons under Twenty one Years of Age, serving as Mates on board of Merchant Vessels; — and also,

303. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more correct Ascertainment of the Value of Duty free Goods exported; — and also,

304. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session, for granting additional Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported; for altering the Duties on Pearls imported;

for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the said Act; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Customs on Timber used in the Tin> Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for ascertaining the Time when the Bounty of Goods exported may be claimed; for better preventing the clandestine Exportation of Goods; and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other Places, granted by an Act of this Session; — and also,

305. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more easy Manning of Ships and Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery; — and also,

306. An Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow a Bounty upon

the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

661

the Exportation of Staffs, of Silks ornamented with Embroidery,

Tambour, Needle Work, or Fringe, upon the Exportatio'n

of Ribbons made of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton; — and also,

307* So much of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 54 G*3, c*36* Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported, and to alter the Periods of making up and representing certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament, to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

308. An Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 G.3. c. 46, King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Period

during which Writs of Assistance shall remain in force; — and also,

309. An Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 G.3. c.ise. King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter the Mode of declaring the Value of Goods imported or exported from Great Britain; — and also,

310. An Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 G.3 c. 171. King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures, or remit

or mitigate Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures incurred concerning any Law relating to the Customs or Excise or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain; — and also,

311. An Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 G.3. c. 185. King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of British made Cordage; — and

also,

312. An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G.3. c.io. King George the Third, intituled An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties payable upon_ East India Goods, and to

allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by private Traders; — and also,

313. An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G. 3. c. 3l. King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend certain Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar, and further

to regulate the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies; — and also,

314. An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G. 3. c. 45. King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale

Fishery; - — and also,

315. An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55G.s, c.H8.B Kng George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Clearance

of Vessels and Delivery of Coast Bonds at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting certain Ships from being licensed by Commissioners of Customs; for authorizing Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coals for Exportation or to be carried coastwise; — and also,

Uu 3

316. So

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

55 G. 3. c. 129.

55 G.S. c. 174.

56 G. 3. c. 9.

GGG.3. c.?>5.

56 G.S. c. 81.

56 G.3. C. 91.

56 G.S. c. 95.

56 G. 3. c. 104.

57 G.S. c. 17.

57 G.S. c.S9.

316- So much of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Tobacco; and to limit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Duties are drawn back) as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

317. An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Exemption granted, by Law on Coals and Culm for which the Coast Duties have been duly paid, on being again exported and carried to any Port Place in this Kingdom, to Cinders or Coked. Coals burnt from Pit Coals which has paid the Coast Duties; — and also,

318. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain; — and also,

319. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual and speedy Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to regulate the Hours of

Officers Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their Loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitter s Certificate; — and also,

320. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts; — and also,

321. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo; to allow the Importation into and Exportation from such Colonies, of certain Articles, by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to repeal an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty ffor permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession; — and also,

322. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling Officers of the Customs at Creeks, Harbours and Basons of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland; — and also,

323. An Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels; for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery, and obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment; — and also,

32-f. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as proh ibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; — and also,

325. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of

King

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105. 663

King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend to Newfoundland the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America and the said Islands and Colonies; — and also,

326. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57G.s. c.ss. King George the Third, intituled An Act to reduce the Allowance

of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco, for the Use of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Vessels making short Voyages; — and also,

327. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57 G.3. c. 58. King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow British Goods to

be exported direct from this Country to America, upon the same Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country (a); — and also,

328. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57 G.s. c. 87. King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts

passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Sessioyi of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provisions for the Prevention of Smuggling; — and also,

329. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57 G.3. c. 95. King George the Third, intituled An Act to exempt the Territories

within the Limits of the East India Company s Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws; — and also,

330. An Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57 G.3. c. 116. King George the Third, intituled An Act for limiting the Time

now allowed by Law for Production of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehousing Port to another, for the Purpose of Exportation; for altering the Hours for shipping Goods in the Port o/* London; and to empower Officers of the Customs and Excise to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the same Port; — and also,

331. An Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of 58G.S. c. 15. King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in

the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken; — and also,

332. An Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of 58 G. 3. c. 34. King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from any Part of

the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifth July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and for reducing the Size of Packages in which Refined Sugar may be exported; and which said Act is continued by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (b), until the First July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; — and also,

333. An Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of 58 G. 3. c. 76. King George the Third, intituled An Act to subject Foreigners to

Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Distances of

(a) This Act to be in force so long as the Convention between this Country and America continues, 57 G. 3. c. 58. § 3.

(b) 1 G.4. c. 64. until 1st July 1824.

U u 4 any

664

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

59 G. 3. c. 6.

59 0.3. c. 39.

59 G.3. c. 52.

59 G.3. c. 74.

59 G.3. C. 78.

.59 G. 3. c. 121.

59 G. 3. c. 123.

59 G. 3. c. 125.

5 9 G.3. c. 125.

any of the Dominions of His Majesty'; for regulating Rewards to the seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats seized or condemned; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea, without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of the Customs and Excise; — and also,

334-. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to direct the Distribution of any Reward awarded by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such Manner as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint; — and also,

335. So much of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more

frequent Payment into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster of Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage in England, as regards Payment to be made by the Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain; — anti also,

336. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; — and also,

337. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the East Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Vessels of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards; — and also,

338. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Customs in England; — and also,

339. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling; — and also,

340. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain to allow Reports of Vessels' Cargoes to he amended; to require Goods which have been warehoused without payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vessels by Persons licensed for that Purpose; to direct that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and Stone carried coastwise; and to empower Officers of the Customs to administer Oaths; — and also,

341. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to admit certain Goods imported from the East Indies to Entry and Payment of Duly without being warehoused, and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol and Glasgow, for Exportation; — and also,

34^. An Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for requiring the Proofo to obtain Drawback of Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcin-

ing

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

665

ing or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties; — and also,

343. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so much of several Acts, as requires Bonds to be given to His Majesty in certain Cases, and the taking of certain Oaths in Matters relating to the Revenue of Customs, and to prevent Fees being offered or given to Officers or other Persons in the Service of the Customs; — and also,

344. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of FI is present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow a Drawback on Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, on the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country to which they may be legally exported; — and also

345. So much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Drawback on certain Gold Articles exported, and to permit the Exportation of Cordage entitled to Bounty, free from Right of Pre-emption by the 'Commissioners of the Navy, as relates to the Exportation of Cordage; — and also,

346. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further continuing, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty as permits Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to import and export certain Articles into and from the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, in Ships not of the Built of the Dominions of His said Majesty; — and also,

347. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Smuggling and the Coasting Trade in Great Britain; — and also,

348. An Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to charge additional Duties on the Importation of certain Articles into the Isle of Man, and to regulate the Trade of the said Island; — and also,

349. An Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to t repeal the Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Sorts of Wood and Timber, and certain Drawbacks or Allowances in respect of such Duties, and to grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof; — and also,

350. An Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Drawbacks on Coals used in Mines and Smelting Works within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Coals used in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke; — and also,

351. So much of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, as relates to the Sale of Goods

Duty

1 G.4. c. 7.

1 G.4. c.S,

1 G.4. c. 14.

1 G.4. c. 34.

1 G.4. c. 43.

1 G.4. c. 61.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 37.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 67.

1 &2G.4. c. 75. § 38,

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1 & 2 G. 4. C. 76. § 20.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 84 *

1 & 2 G.4. c. 94.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 97.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 104.

0 G.4. c. 28.

3 G.4. c. 43.

3 G.4. c. 44.

3 G.4. c. 45.

S G.4. c. 107.

Duty free to pay the Expences of Salvage and other Charges; — and also,

352. So much of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the Sale of Goods Duty free to pay the Expences of Salvage and other Charges; — and also,

353. An Act made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant Duties of Custom on certain Articles of Wood imported into Great Britain in lieu of former Duties, and to amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of his late Majesty, for granting certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain; — and also,

354-. An Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Importation of Rum into the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Sark; — and also,

355. An Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain; — and also,

356. An Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man, so far as relates to the Quantity of Muscovado Sugar to be imported into the said Island; — and also,

357. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, -intituled An Act to continue so long as the Bounties now payable on Irish Linens when exported from Ireland shall continue, the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported j — and also,

358. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Navigation and Commerce, by regulating the Importation of Goods and Merchandize, so far as relates to the Countries or Places from whence, and the Ships in which such Importation shall be made; — and also,

359. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regidate the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and other Places in America and the West Indies; — and also,

360. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regidate the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and other Parts of the World and also,

361. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow, until the First of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, a Drawback of the whole of the Duties of Customs on Brimstone used and consumed

in

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

667

c. 110.

, c. 119.

c. 2.

, c. 23.

in the making and 'preparing Oil of Vitriol and Sulphuric Acid; — and also,

362. An Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre- sG.4. sent Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling; — and also,

363. So much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign 3 G.4. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, and for other Purposes relating to the said Provinces, as relates to the Trade between those Provinces and the United States of America; — and also,

364. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade between His Majestys Possessions in America and the West India Islands, and other Parts of the World; — and also,

365. So much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign 4G.4. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate the several Boards of Customs, and also the several Boards of Excise of Great Britain and Ireland, as relates to the Board of Customs; — and

also,

366. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, 4G.4. c. 24. intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for permitting

Goods imported to he secured in Warehouses or other Places without the Payment of Duty on the First Entry thereof; — and also,

367. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. c. 25. present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Number of Apprentices to be taken on board British Merchant Vessels, and for preventing the Desertion of Seamen therefrom; — and also,

368. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. c. 26. present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties on certain

Articles, and to provide for the gradual Discontinuance of the Duties on certain other Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on the Importation into either Country from the other; — and also,

369. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. c.so, present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles subject to Duties of Excise, and certain other Articles, the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, into and from either Country from and to the other; — and also,

370. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. c.^ present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue an Act of the last

Session of Parliament, for allowing a Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs on Brimstone used and consumed in Great Britain in the making or preparing Oil of Vitriol or Sulphuric Acid; — and also,

371. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. c. 41. present Majesty, intituled An Act for the registering of Vessels; —

and also,

372. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His 4G.4. present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla imported into this Kingdom, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; — and also,

373. An

c. 44.

668

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

4 G.4. c. 66.

4 G.4. c. 69.

G.4. c. 84.

5 G.4. c. 21.

5 G.4. c. 22.

5 G. 4. c. 34.

5 G.4. c. 35.

5 G.4. c. 43.

5 G.4. c. 4G.

i G.4. c. 47.

G.4. c. 65.

.5 G.4. c. 76.

373. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize, in certain Cases, the Reduction of the Duties payable in Ireland, and the Alteration of the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of Goods between Great Britain mid Ireland; — and also,

374. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to grant certain Bounties on Salted Provisions and Silk Manufactures exported; and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting the Duties of Customs; — and also,

375. An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Laws for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to Foreign Paris, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; — and also,

376. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act to reduce the Duties on Importation of Raw or Thrown Silky and to repeal the Prohibition on the Importation of Silk Manufac-tares, and to grant certain Duties thereon; — and also,

377. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties on all Articles the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into cither Country from the other; — and also,

378. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to reduce the Duties on Rum, the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into the United Kingdom; — and also,

379. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, tie Acts for granting Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from the United Kingdom; and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which Refined Sugar may be exported; — and also,

380. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter the Duties on the Importation of certain Articles, and also the Duties on Coal brought to London; to repeal the Bounties on Linens exported; and to amend the Acts relating to the Customs; — and also,

381. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the low Duties on Coals and Culm carried coastxvise to any Port within the Principality ^/Wales; — and also,

382. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter the Laws relating to the Duties on the Importation, and the Prohibition on the Exportation of Wool, and of Hare and Coney Skins; — and also,

383. So much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties and Laws in respect of Salt and Rock Salt, as relates to the Revenue of Customs; — and also,

334. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act to continue several Acts for establishing Regulations for the Security of the Revenue on Goods imported from Places within

the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company; and to grant, until the Twenty fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, Duties on Sugar imported from Places within the Limits of the said Charter, in lieu of former Duties; — and also,

385. So much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable certain Persons to receive and hold Offices in the Management, Collection and Receipt of the Revenue, without taking or subscribing certain Oaths and Declarations, as relates to the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs; — and also,

386. An Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act to authorize the East India Company to trade direct from China to British Colonies and Plantations in America; — and also,

387. So much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to allow the Averment of the Order for Prosecution by Commissioners of Customs or Excise to be sufficient Proof of the Order having been given, as relates to the Commissioners or Revenue of the Customs.

IRELAND.

388. And be it further enacted, That the several Acts hereinafter mentioned, relating to the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, or so much and such Parts of any such Acts as are hereinafter respectively specified, shall be repealed; (that is to say,) several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, namely,

389. One Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, intituled An Act that none shall take Custom but within Cities, Boroughs or Merchant Towns where there is Authority to take Customs; — and also,

390. An Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, intituled An Act restraining the Transportation of Bullion; — and also,

391. An Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Sixth, intituled An Act that Frenchmen, Spaniards, Britons, Portingales and other Nations coming out of other Lands with Merchandizes, shall pay for every Pound of Silver that they carry out of the Land, Forty Pence of Custom to the Kings Customer; — and also,

392. So much of an Act made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Weares upon the Barrow and other Waters in the County of Kilkenny; whereby any Person is prohibited from taking any Custom of any Boat or other Vessel passing or repassing in or through any of the Rivers or Waters mentioned in the said Act, or of the Owner of any Goods, Merchandize, Victual or Stuff in any such Boat or Vessel; — and also,

393. So much of an Act made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled An Act

for the Ease of the Subject concerning Informations upon Penal Statutes; whereby it is provided or enacted, that any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information or Suit concerning the concealing or defrauding the King, His Heirs or Successors, of any Custom, Tonnage,

669

5 G.4. c. 79.

5 G.4. c. 88.

5 G.4. c. 94.

Acts repealed relating to Revenue of Customs in Ireland, viz.

25 H.6. c. 3.

25H.6. c. 10.

85 H.6. c. 1.

28 H. 8. c. 23.

10 & 11 C.K c.ll. s.5.

670

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

14 & 15C. 2.

c. 9.

17 & 18 C. 2. c.V2-

Anne, c. 7.

33 G-2. c. 14.

s. 15.

-21 & 22 G.3. c. 20. s.23.

27 G.3. c. 23.

27 G.S. c. 28.

nage, Poundage, Subsidy, Impost or Prisage, may be brought in any of the King's Courts at Dublin, and that such Offences may be laid or alleged to be in any County, at the Pleasure of the Informer; — and also,

394. An Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Subsidy of Poundage, and granting a Subsidy of Tun-nagey and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes imported and exported into and out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed; — and also,

395. So much of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled A?i Act to prevent Arrests of Judgment and superseding Executions; whereby it is enacted or provided, that the said Act shall extend to any Writ, Bill, Action or Information upon any Penal Statute concerning Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage; — and also,

396. An Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for lessening the Duty on Rape Seed to be exported; — and also,

397. So much of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for repealing an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled ' An Act for the better securing the Payment of Bankers' Notes, ' and for providing a more effectual Remedy for the Security and Payment of Debts due by Bankers; whereby it is enacted, that no Person who, by reason of any Office, Employment, Deputation or Clerkship, should at any Time be intrusted with the Receipt, Custody or Payment of Public Money, or any Part of the Public Revenue, shall, either singly or in Partnership, so long as such Person shall continue in such Office, Employment, Deputation or Clerkship, follow the Trade or Business of a Banker, or by himself, or any other Person authorized by him, issue or give any Note or accountable Receipt as a Banker, or in Partnership with any Banker, or for Promise or Reward discount any Promissory Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, so far as the last recited Act, and the Provisions therein contained, relate to any Person holding any Office, Employment, Deputation or Clerkship in the Revenue of Customs m Ireland; — and also,

398. So much'of an Act made in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of the King's Debts, as relates to the Customers, Collectors or Receivers of Customs and Subsidies; — and also,

399. An Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; — and also,

400. An Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests; and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine reloading Goods; — and also,

401. So

6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

671

401. So much of an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of 37 G.3. c. 42. His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable

upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, as relates to the Duties of Customs upon Tobacco; — and also,

402. So much of an Act made in the Fortieth Year of His said 40 G. 3. c. 77. late Majesty's Reign, for amending and continuing the said last

recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Duties of Customs on Tobacco; — and also,

403. So much of an Act made in the said Thirty seventh Year 37 G.3. c. 52. of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating

the Import, Export and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon, as relates to the Duties of Customs on Coffee; — and also,

404. An Act made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His 40 G. 3. c. 20. said late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of

Ireland: — And also several Acts made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Ireland; that is to say, an Act made in the Forty third 43 G.3. c. 25. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues in Ireland from giving their Votes at such Elections; — and also,

405. So much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the 43G.S. c. 153. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit,

during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity voith His Majesty, of certain Wares, Goods and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty by Order in Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; — and also,

406. An Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of 44 G.3. c. 57. King George the Third, intituled An Act to exempt from Duties on

Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom; — and also,

407. So much of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the 45 G. 3. c. 18. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting

to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported' into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; — and also,

408. An Act made in the said Forty fifth Year of the Reign of 45 G.3. c.ios. His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the

Twenty ninth of September One thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues

672

C, 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

4GG.3. c. 29. "

§ U.

46 G.3. c. 5S.

46 G.3. c.S7.

46 G.3. c. 106.

46 G. 3. c. 120.

s. 3.

47 G.3. Sess. 2. c. 16.

of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for 'preventing Frauds therein; — and also,

409. So much of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, among other Things, for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish and Provisions, without Payment of Duty; and for reviving and continuing an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, as continues certain Duties on certain Callicoes, Muslins and Linens imported into Ireland, and as shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, with relation to any Duties of Customs in Ireland; — and also,

410. So much of an Act passed in the said Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, as relates to the said Revenues of Customs; — and also,

411. So much of an Act made in the said Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, as relates to the Revenues of Customs; — and also,

412. So much of an Act made in the said Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide

for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, as relates to the Revenues of Customs; — and also,

413. So much of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, among other Things, for continuing several Acts for granting Rates and Duties, and allowing Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Irelandwhereby it is enacted, that whenever any Article is by Law entitled to a Bounty on the Importation or Exportation thereof, no Duty shall be paid on the Importation or Exportation of any Article on which such Duty shall be paid and allowed; — and also,

414. So much of an Act made in the said Forty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, as shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, relating to the Revenues of Customs; — and also,

C. 105.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

673

415. An Act made in the said Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. of King George the Third, intituled An Act for encouraging the c. 58. Exportation of Salt from Ireland; — and also,

416. An Act made in the said Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Du- c*61 *

ties on Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to Ireland; — and also,

417. An Act made in the said Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 G. 3. c. 44. of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland before Bond given for the due landing thereof; — and also,

418. So much of an Act made in the said Forty eighth Year 48 G.3. c. 56. of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for abolishing

Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers, and certain Officers of Excise, as relates to the Officers of the Customs;

— and also,

419. So much of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of 48G.s. c. 62, the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the

making perpetual several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto, as relates to the said Revenue of Customs;

— and also,

420. So much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c. 99. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend

the several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and for regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail, as relates to the Importation into Ireland of Stills, or Metal prepared for Stills; — and also,

421. So much of an Act made in the said Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c.ins. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make

further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, -in Ireland, as relates to the Duties of Customs; — and also,

422. So much of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the 51 G.3. c. 58. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the

free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland, so long as the same shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland; as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; - — and also,

423. An Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of 53 G.3. c. 76. King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland; —

and also,

424. So much of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of the S3 G.3. c. 55. Reign of King George the Third, for continuing certain Rates,

Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandize im-6 Geo. IV. X x ' ported

(574

C. 105.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

54 G.3. c. 8L

54 G.S. c. 103.

54 G.S. c. 120.

54 G.3. c. 129.

£5 G.S. c. 14.

55 G.3. c. 24.

55 G. 3 c. 82.

ported into and exported from Ireland, as shall be immediately in force before the passing of this Act; — and also,

425. So much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to amend, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ffteen, certain new Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland; and to make further Re-gulatiojis for securing the Collection of the said Duties, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act (a); — and also,

426* So much of an Act made in the said Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant, until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Fort or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; — and also,

427* So much of an Act made in the said Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, as relates to the Duties of Customs; — and also,

428. So much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; — and also,

429. So much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon, as relates to the Duties imposed by the said Act; — and also,

430. An Act of the said Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certa in Goods, Wares and Merchandize

from Ireland, in lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation; — and also,

431. So much of an Act made in the said Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant

(a) [See 54 G. 3. c. 81. § % recited Cap. 128. § l.posE]

Duties

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 105.

675

Duties of Customs and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland, as shall be in force immediately before the passing of this Act; — and also,

432. An Act made in the said Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G, 3. <\83. King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Payment

of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, having been imported, into either Country from the other; — and also,

433. An Act made in the said Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G.3. c. 144. King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices in

Dublin; — and also,

434. So much of an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the 56G.S. c. 20. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relatiyig to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, as relates to the Duties of Customs; — and also,

435. So much of an Act made in the said Fifty sixth Year of 56 G.3. c. 85. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make

further Regulations for securing the Collection of the Duties of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain, as relates to the Duties of Customs; — and also,

436. An Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of 57 G.s. c. 73. King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow the Exportation

of Woollen and Bay Yarn from Ireland, by Licence obtained there; — and also,

437. An Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of 59 G.s. c. 73. King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal several Acts requiring the Masters of Vessels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents, prohibiting the Importation

of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum; — and also,

438. An Act made in the said Fifty ninth Year of His said 59 G.s. c. 82. late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in

the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for enabling the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premises for erecting Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin; — and also,

439. An Act made in the said Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of 59 G. 3. c.ss, King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant Duties of Customs and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former

Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland; — and also,

X x 2 440. An

676

C. 705.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1 G.4. c. 80.

1 &2 G.4. c. 19.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 103.

4 G.4. c., 72.

The aforesaid Acts, and Parts of Acts, to be repealed.

Exceptions.

Act maj be altered, &c. this Session.

c. 105. ante: § 1-

4*40. An Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act allowing Importers of Sugar in Ireland to give Certificates for Sugar sold by them, in lieu of Permits; — and also,

441. An Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of certain Goods

from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland tv Great Britain, by Cockets, Certificates, Let Pass or Transire; — and also,

442. An Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorize the Collectors of Customs in Ireland to bring to Account the Proceeds of Goods sold under the Provisions of the Warehousing Act; — and also,

443. So nnvf'i of an Act made in the Fourth Year of Fils present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the severed Duties and Drawbacks chargeable and allowable in Ireland on the Importation and Exportation of certain Foreign and Colonial Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof equal to the Duties and Drawbacks chargeable and allowable thereon in Great Britain, as relates to the Revenue of Customs.

444. And be it further enacted, That the said several Acts and Parts of Acts before mentioned, recited and set forth, so far as the same shall be in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, are hereb}^ accordingly repealed; except so far as the said Acts or any of them, or any Thing therein contained, repeal any former Act or Acts, or any Part thereof, and all and every which said Act or Acts, or the Parts thereof so repealed, shall remain and continue repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and except so far as relates to any Arrears of Duties or Drawbacks which shall have become due and payable, or any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred; and save and except so far as any of the said Acts which relate to Ireland create or regulate any Jurisdiction for the Trial of Offences committed in Ireland.

445. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

\_See Caps. 106, 107. post.-\

CAP. CYI.

An Act for the Management of the Customs.

[5th July 1825.]

an Act was passed in the present Session of

Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate, by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years, and that it is therefore highly expedient,

for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be author-4* ized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that

6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

6 77

the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made, ' should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions- contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act all the Laws relating to the Customs will be repealed; and it is expedient to make Provisions for the Management of the Customs, and of all Matters connected therewith, by the Appointment of proper Persons to manage the same, after such Repeal shall have effect; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for the Management of the Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time to appoint, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Number of Persons, not exceeding Thirteen, to be Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Collection and for the Management of the Customs in and throughout the whole of the United Kingdom, and of any of His Majesty's Possessions abroad; and also to appoint an}' Number of Persons, not exceeding Four, to be Assistant Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to sit and act in Manner hereinafter mentioned in and for Scotland and Ireland; and that each of such Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, when so appointed, shall have and hold his Office during His Majesty's Pleasure.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from time to time to order and direct any One or more of such Commissioners, together with Two such Assistant Commissioners, to sit and act as Commissioners for executing and directing the Business of the Customs in Scotland and Ireland respectively, under, the Controul and Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs sitting and acting in England1.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty shall, in all Matters and Things relating to the Execution of their Duties, be subject to the Authority, Directions and Controul of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and shall obey such Orders and Instructions as shall from time to time be issued to them by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the Hands of Three or more of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Order, Document, Instrument or Writing, not being for the Payment of Money, required by any Law at any Time in force to be under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, being attested by the Signatures of Two or more of such Commissioners in England, and every such Order for the Payment of Money, being attested by the Signatures of Three or more of such Commissioners in England, and every Order, Document, Instrument or Writing, being attested by the Signatures of Two or more of such

X x 3 Commissioners

Comment: cyme nt of, Act

Board of Customs, for Scotland and Ireland.

Treasury may appoint Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners for Scotland and Ireland.

Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners subject to Treasury.

Orders of Commissioners to be signed and attested as herein mentioned.

67S

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Previous Appointments to remain in force.

Appointment of necessary Officers of Customs.

Regulations as to Salaries and Allowances, and Securities.

Persons employed by Customs deemed Officers.

Officers taking Fee or Reward not allowed, dismissed.

For offering Fee.

Penalty.

Previous Appointments and

Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners in Scotland and Ireland respectively, shall be deemed to be an Order, Document, Instrument or Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Appointment of Commissioners or of Assistant Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall continue in force as if the same had been afterwards made under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs under the Authority of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to appoint proper Persons to execute the Duties of the several Offices necessary to the due Management and Collection of the Customs, and all Matters connected therewith, under the Controul and Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; granting or allowing to such Persons such Salaries or other Allowances, or permitting such Emoluments for the Labour and Responsibility in executing the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments, and requiring of such Persons such Securities for their good Conduct therein as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall deem to be reasonable and necessary; and such Persons shall hold their Offices during the Will and Pleasure oi the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs sitting and acting in England, in such Cases and in such Manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person employed on any Duty or Service relating to the Customs, by the Orders or with the Concurrence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs (whether previously or subsequently expressed), shall be deemed to be the Officer of the Customs for that Duty or Service.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Clerk or other Person acting in any Office or Employment in or belonging to the Customs, under the Controul and Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, directly or indirectly, from any Person (not being a Person duly appointed to some Office in the Customs), on account of any Thing done or to be done by him, in or in any Way relating to his said Office or Employment, except such as he shall receive under any Order or Permission of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasur} ', every such Officer so offending shall, on Proof thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, be dismissed from his Office; and if any Person (not being a Person duly appointed to some Office in the Customs), shall give, offer or promise to give any such Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Commissions, Deputations and Appointments granted to any Officers of the Customs,

II in

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

679

in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall continue in force, as if the same had been afterwards granted under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act; and that all Bonds which shall have been given by any such Officers and their respective Sureties for good Conduct or otherwise, shall remain in full Force and Effect.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed to any Office or Employment in the Service of the Customs, under the Controul and Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions shall, at their respective Admissions thereto, take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the best of my Knowledge and Power, of the Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection in the Service of His Majesty's Customs; and that I will not require, take or receive any Fee,

4 Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any Sort or Description whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed,

or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment, on any Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law, or by any Special Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being. So help me GOD. '

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by their Warrant from time to time, to appoint the Flours of general Attendance of the Commissioners and respective Officers of the Customs, and other Persons in the Service of the Customs, at their proper Offices and Places of Employment; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to appoint the Times, during such Hours, at which any particular Parts of the Duties of such Officers and other Persons respectively, shall be performed by them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Day shall be kept as a Public Holiday by the Customs, except Christmas Day and Good Friday in every Year and any Days appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or of a General Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Birth Day of His Majesty and of His Successors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Customs in the Port of London shall pay into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs the whole of the Monies which he shall receive on account of the Duties of Customs, on the Day on which he shall receive the same, or as near the whole as may be, save and except such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from time to time, by virtue of the Special Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, be directed to be deducted, paid or allowed therefrom.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money which shall be due in the Port of London, upon any Debenture, Certificate or other Instrument or Document whatever, for the

X x 4 Payment

Securities to remain in force.

Oath of Office.

Hours of Attendance, and Division of Service in those Hours.

Holidays.

Collector in London to pay Duties daily to Receiver General. Exception.

In London, Debentures and Orders to be

680

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

paid by Receiver General.

Payments at Outports by Collector.

Commissioners may close Accounts of Collectors notwithstanding erroneous Appropriation.

Fee for passing Entries.

Odd Pence.

Fee for dispatch] ng Warrants.

Fee for writing Cockets.

Salaries not subject to Duties. Exception.

Payment of any Money out of the Duties of Customs, shall be paid by the Receiver General of the Customs, out of any Money in his Hands arising from the Duties of Customs, and every such Payment shall be allowed by the Commissioners for the better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, in the settling or auditing of the Accounts of the Receiver General of the Customs; and when any such Payment shall become due at any other Port in the United Kingdom, the same may be paid by the Collector at such Port, the Controller being duly apprized thereof, out of any of the Monies in his Hands arising from the Duties of Customs, and under such Directions and Instructions for the due Execution of their Offices, as shall from time to time be given to them by the Commissioners of the Customs.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs finally to settle and close the Accounts of any Collectors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of the Customs or other Duties under their Management, notwithstanding any erroneous Appropriation of any Duties of Customs received by such Collectors or Receivers; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to correct such Appropriation, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such Collectors or Receivers from being kept open; and all such Corrections shall be allowed by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in the passing the General Accounts of Customs, Subsidies or Impositions.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers and Clerk in the Long Room of any Custom House, to assist Merchants and others, at their Desire, in framing and passing Entries inwards and outwards, and to receive such Fee, freely given, for the same, as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall permit; and that it shall be lawful for the Receiver of any Duties of Customs, to receive for his own Use, if freely given, so much as, added to any Fractions payable upon any Entry, shall amount to Sixpence; and that it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Warrants in the Port of London, to receive from any Person, at whose Request any Warrant for Goods inwards may be dispatched before the usual Time, the Fee of One Shilling; and for the Receiver of the Duties on such Warrant to receive from such Person the Fee of Sixpence; and that it shall be lawful for any Cocket Writer in the Port of London, to receive from the Person who shall select him to write any Cocket for Goods outwards, any Fee which shall be agreed on between them, not exceeding Five Shillings, including the Parchment, to be provided at the Expence of the Cocket Writer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Salaries, Allowances or Compensations granted or allowed to any Officer, Clerk or other Person in the Service of the Customs, shall be paid without any Abatement or Deduction on account of any Duties imposed by anjr Act of Parliament, unless expressly charged thereon.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Regulations should be ' established by Law in the Office of the Receiver General of the Customs in England, for depositing in the Bank of England, all the Monies, Bills, Drafts and Notes received by such Receiver General, oti account of the Revenue under the Management

4 of

6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

681

of the Commissioners of Custom, except as hereinafter mentioned, ' until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer; Be it therefore enacted, That all Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts received by or coming to the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs in England, on account of the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; (that is to say,) such Monies and Notes, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall be already accepted, or shall not require Acceptance (having been first duly endorsed), shall be paid as aforesaid on the Day on which the same shall have been received; and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall require Acceptance, and not be already accepted when received (the same having been first duly endorsed where necessary), within Three Days after the same shall have been accepted; for which Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts, the Entry in the Book hereinafter mentioned shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts, so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of Customs," inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the Time being.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Receiver General to retain and keep in his own Hands, for the Payment of casual and ordinary and daily Demands, out of the Monies so received by him as such Receiver General, a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds at the Close of each Day; and also any further Sum which he shall be directed to retain by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds; and also any further Sum, with the Permission in Writing of any Three or more of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily, upon receiving any Money, Bills, Notes or Drafts, from such Receiver General of the Customs, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts so received, in a Book to be provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Book shall be forthwith redelivered to the Persons making the Payments for the Customs, and inspected daily after its Return by the Controller General of the Customs, or his Clerk (such Clerk being first duly authorized by him, and for whose Conduct he shall be answerable), who shall compare the same with the Account of Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts received by the said Receiver General, for the Purpose of ascertaining that the Receiver General constant^ pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts, which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Controller General or his Clerk may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported by him to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, who shall report the same, unless it shall appear to them to have happened by Mistake or Inadvertence, to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Monies received by Receiver General of Customs in England paid into Bank of England. Regulation as to Bills and Drafts.

Account raised-

Money for ordinary Payments may be retained.

Bank to keep an Account, to be returned to the Customs for Inspection.

682

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Money carried to Exchequer to be written off at the Bank under the Regulations herein mentioned *

Receiver General may draw on the Bank to pay Drawbacks, &c.

Drafts to be counter-signed by Controller General.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies placed to the Account of the Receiver General as aforesaid in the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Exchequer from time to time as by Law is directed, in Manner following; (that is to say), the Receiver General or his Clerk duly authorized by him for that Purpose, and for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make an Order weekly upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Order shall be countersigned by the Controller General or his Clerk, to write off from his Account the Sum specified; and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized on their Behalf, shall thereupon write off such Sum, and deliver a Note drawn and cancelled in such Manner as shall be approved by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Amount, to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it as so much Cash; and it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay or transfer any Part of the Money so paid in and placed to the Account of such Receiver General, from such Account, otherwise than into the Exchequer in Manner aforesaid, and except in the Manner hereinafter directed, or to deliver any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, save and except to the Solicitor of the Customs or his Clerk, upon his Application for the same, together with the Receiver General or his Clerk, and the Controller General or his Clerk, for the sole Purpose of taking out an extent for the Security of the Money for which such Bill of Exchange or Draft shall have been given, or to the said Receiver General or his Clerk, any Bills, Notes or Drafts which may be protested for Nonpayment, except as hereinafter is mentioned, in which Case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall be immediately acquainted therewith, if sitting, by such Solicitor, Receiver General or Controller General, or if not sitting, at the Time of their assembling; and such Delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the Book to be kept as is herein directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in order that the several Payments directed by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, to be made by the said Receiver General to Merchants or any other Persons on account of Drawbacks or Bounties, or on any other Account whatever, may be made without delay, and for the Payment of which the Money then in the Hands of the said Receiver General shall be insufficient, it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or his Clerk deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose, and for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, to draw out of the Bank of England, as occasion may require, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to answer the Purpose aforesaid; and that every Draft or Order on the Bank for Money for any of the said Purposes, shall be countersigned by the Controller General or his Clerk, to be deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose, and for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable; and that the said Receiver General shall from time to time account for the Monies so to be drawn by him or his Clerk out of the Bank.

6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

683

XXIV. And in order that separate Accounts may be kept at the Exchequer of the Monies paid in on various Branches of the ' Customs pursuant to Law; Be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of the Customs shall, on every Monday Morning, furnish the proper Officers of the Exchequer with an Appropriation Paper, stating the Heads under which the Receipts of the preceding Week is to be applied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver General of the Customs hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as such Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor, and until such Successor shall be appointed, in such Person or Persons as shall for the Time being be duly authorized to execute the Duties of the said Office, in trust for the Service of the Public, and be forthwith transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of the Customs for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Account for the Service of the Public; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts, which he shall have so paid or caused to be paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Notes and Drafts which shall be actually received by them from and on account of such Receiver General as aforesaid, except such Bills as may have been returned in Manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand writing of any Receiver General of the Customs, or of any Controller General of the Customs, or of any Person acting for them respectively as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Receiver General of the Customs; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument or Writing in Form of a Draft made by such Receiver General or Person as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever; every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Officers of Exchequer to have Appropriation Paper.

On Death or Removal of Receiver General, Balance to vest in Successor.

Receiver General to keep Account with the Bank.

Bank how far answerable.

Forgery.

Death.

684?

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Collectors, &c. authorized to administer Oaths.

Offer of Bribe to Officers.

Penalty.

Forfeitures seized by Officers.

Surveyors General, &c. may examine Witnesses on Oath.

False Oath, Perjury.

Jurisdiction over Offences by Board of Commissioners of Customs, within District of Dublin.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein Proof on Oath shall be required by any Law, or shall be necessary for the Satisfaction or Consideration of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in any Matter relating to any Business under their Management, the same may be made before the Collector or Controller of the Customs, at the Port where such Proof shall be required to be made, or before the Persons acting for them respectively, and who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give or offer, or promise to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward to any Officer of the Customs, or any Person employed by or under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to induce him in any way to neglect his Duty, or to do, conceal or connive at any Act whereby any of the Provisions of any Act of Parliament may be evaded, every such Person shall, whether the Offer be accepted or not, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and all Ships, Vessels and Boats, which by any Act at any Time in force shall be declared to be forfeited, may be seized by any Officer of the Customs.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Examinations and Inquiries made by any Surveyor General of the Customs, or any Inspector General of the Customs, for ascertaining the Truth of Facts relative to the Customs or the Conduct of Officers or Persons employed therein, and upon the like Examinations and Inquiries made by the Collector and Controller of any Outport in the United Kingdom or of any Port in the Isle of Man, or made by any Person or Persons in any of the British Possessions abroad, appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to make such Examinations and Inquiries, any Person examined before him or them as a Witness shall deliver his Testimony on Oath, to be administered by such of the Surveyors General, or such of the Inspectors General, or such Collector and Controller, or such Person or Persons-as shall examine him, and who are hereby authorized to administer such Oath; and if such Person shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Facts so testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence on his Examination on Oath, before any of the Surveyors General or Inspectors General of the Customs, or such Collector and Controller, or such Person or Persons, in conformity to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the District comprehending the City, Suburbs and Liberties of Dublin and the Port of Dublin, and several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin, and all and every the Baronies, Parts and Places of the same, shall be subject to the Rule and Government of the Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners of Customs in Ireland, in all Matters relating to the collecting,

managing

C. 106.

685

6° GEO. fV.

managing and levying all Revenues of Customs within the same; and that all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for any Offence against, or any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners in Ireland, which shall be committed within the said District, shall (subject to such Appeal as is hereinafter mentioned) be heard and determined by the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, or any Two of them, who shall give Judgment and award Execution accordingly.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners in Ireland, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to appoint so many and such subordinate Commissioners or Sub Commissioners in and for any and every District in Ireland (except in the District of Dublin) as the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall from time to time find necessary, to be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the Purpose of hearing and determining all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs, for any Offence against or any Breach of any such Act, and to give Judgment and award Execution accordingly; and such Sub Commissioners shall be removable and shall and may be displaced by the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners as they shall think fit, and others placed in their Room, with the like Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and any Three or more of such Sub Commissioners in their respective Districts, shall and lawfully may hear and determine any Complaint or Information for or relating to any Offence against any such Act or Acts as aforesaid; and any Judgment or Execution which shall be given or awarded by the Majority of such Sub Commissioners sitting on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons, whether Informer, Claimant or Defendant, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved or injured by, or tvho shall be dis-satisfied with any Judgment or Sentence of the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, or any of their Sub Commissioners, to make his or her Appeal to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or to Commissioners of Appeal to be appointed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, pursuant to an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that such Appeal shall be made within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Judgment or Sentence shall be given; and that in default thereof no such Appeal shall afterwards be received; and that the Party who shall make such

Appeal

Board of Commissioners of Customs in Ireland may appoint Sub Commissioners to try Offences out of Dublin District.

Commissi one of Appeal and their Powers in Ireland.

Limitation of Appeals and Proceedings in case of Injunction, &c.

686

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV.

A.B.1825.

Penalty on Commissioner^ and Sub Commissioners.

Lands and Buildings already taken in the Name of any Person in Trust for His Majesty, to be vested in the Secretaries of the Customs for the Time being.

Lands, Sec. to be hereafter purchased for the Use of the Customs.

Appeal shall serve the Injunction grounded on such Appeal within the Space of Twenty Days next after such Appeal shall be lodged, or in default thereof such Judgment or Sentence so appealed from shall be final and conclusive; and when any such Appeal shall be brought before any such Commissioners of Appeal, the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners by whom such Judgment or Sentence shall have been had or given shall, within Twenty one Days next after Service of the Injunction to stop their Proceedings, transmit under Cover, sealed up and directed to the Registrar of the said Commissioners of Appeals, a true Copy attested by One of such Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of all the Proceedings and Proofs in the Cause in which such Judgment or Sentence was given; and in default thereof, such Commissioners or Sub Commissioners shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds each, unless the Delay be satisfactorily accounted for by Affidavit before the Commissioners of Appeals; and whenever it shall appear on any such Appeal that the Matter of any Case hath not been tried, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Appeals to remand the Proceedings to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners by and before whom the Judgment or Sentence appealed against was given.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Manors, Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the United Kingdom, which have heretofore been purchased, or otherwise acquired or taken by or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, and His or Their Pleirs and Successors, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Customs, and are still holden in Trust as aforesaid, by whatsoever Mode or Conveyance the same may have been so purchased or acquired and taken, either in Fee or for Life or Lives, or any Term or Terms of Years determinable upon a Life or Lives, or any other or lesser Interest; and all Erections and Buildings which are or which shall or may be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging (other than and except such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure), shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the respective Secretaries for the Time being to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in the said United Kingdom, and their respective Successors, as Secretaries in such Service, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same Hereditaments respectively, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Customs in the said United Kingdom.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (other than and except as aforesaid), which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or by any Person or Persons by their Order, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Customs, and all Erections and Building* which shall be then or which may hereafter be erected

6 GEO. IV. C. 106.

687

and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall in like Manner be and become, and remain and continue vested in the Secretaries for the Time being to the said Commissioners and their Successors, as Secretaries in such Service, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Mannors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present Secretaries to the said Commissioners or any of them, or of any future Secretaries, all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid), shall become vested in and be held by the respective Secretaries to the said Commissioners, and so in perpetual Succession, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said several Secretaries for the Time being, or any of them, by and under the Authority and Direction of the said Commissioners, (testified by Writing under their Hands and Seals,) to sell, exchange or in any Manner dispose of, or to let, set or demise, as well any of the Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively which shall for the Time being be vested in them respectively under and by virtue of this present Act, with their respective Appurtenances, as also any of the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall have been surrendered to and vested in any Person or Persons, and his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for His said Majesty or any of His Predecessors, His or Their Heirs or Successors, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Customs in the said United Kingdom, or any of them, either by public Auction or private Contract; and as to the said Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Secretaries for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and as to the said Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons in whom the same shall be vested as aforesaid, in due form of Law, to convey, surrender, assign, make over, or to grant or demise the same respectively, or any of them, [as the Case may require, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase or take the same respectively; and also to carry into Execution any Contract or Contracts already entered into for the Sale of any such Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, with such Alterations or Variations as the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands direct, and for that Purpose to make and execute all such Conveyances, Assurances and Agreements^ may be thought proper: and also to do any other Act, Matter or Thing, in relation to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and

Hereditaments,

Upon Death of present Secretaries, Lands to become vested in Successors.

Secretaries, under Authority of Commissioners may sell or let Lands vested in them as herein mentioned.

688-

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Monies produced by Sale of such Lands, to be paid to Receiver General.

Whose Receipt shall be a discharge.

After Payment, Purchasers to stand possessed of Lands, &c. discharged of prior Claim.

Exception.

Treasury may authorize Persons to survey and mark out Lands for Watch Houses, &c.

Hereditaments, which shall by the said Commissioners be deemed beneficial for the Public Service in relation thereof, or for the better Management thereof, and which might be done by any Person or Persons having a like Interest in any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be produced by Sales or Exchange of any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be sold or exchanged, or conveyed under the Provisions of this present Act, including the Monies already paid by way of Deposit for the Purchase of any Hereditaments already contracted to be sold, and the Residue of the Monies to be received in respect or on account of such Contract, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Person or Persons making such Exchange, unto the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Use and Service of the said Customs; and that the Receipt of the said Receiver General or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for such Monies (such Receipt to be endorsed on every such Conveyance, Surrender or Assignment as aforesaid), shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers, or Person or Persons, by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so paid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Payment of such Purchase Money, and the Execution of every such Conveyance, Surrender and Assignment as aforesaid, the Purchaser or Purchasers therein named shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised and possessed of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased by, and conveyed, surrendered, assigned or made over to him, her or them respectively, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and all Manner of prior Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made, set up, in, to, out of, or upon or in respect of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, by, from or under or in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, on any Account whatsoever; save and except such Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims and Demands, if any, as in any such Conveyance, Surrender or Assignment shall be excepted.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Pligh Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, from time to time, by any Writing under their Elands, to authorize an}' Person or Persons to survey and mark out any Lands, not exceeding One Half Acre at any One Station, which are or may be wanted for the Purposes of erecting and maintaining Watch Elouses, Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings requisite and necessary for the Security and Protection of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, with all necessary Ways unto and from the same, or any or either of them, such Lands being situated within Half a Mile of the Sea Shorer or of

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

689

the Tideway of any navigable River; and to authorize any Person or Persons, by Warrant as aforesaid, to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, or any Person or Persons interested therein, of any such Lands, or of any Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises which may be requisite and necessary as aforesaid for the Possession thereof, for such Time or Term of Years as the Public Service shall require.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises required for such Public Service, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, for the Grant of any Lease of such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, either for any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Periods as the Public Service shall require, and to demise or grant the same unto the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors accordingly; and all such Leases and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies or other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands so marked out, or any Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises required as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing subscribed by such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of others, or interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such annual Rent or Sum as shall be offered for the Hire thereof, either for a Time certain or for such Period as the Public Service may require; and in case also it shall not be practicable to procure, by voluntary Bargain or Sale, any other Land situate as aforesaid, or of any Messuages, Tenements, Flere-ditaments or Premises required as aforesaid, and suited to the Purpose for which such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises are required, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace) or Two or more Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Hereditaments or Premises shall be, to put His Majesty's Officers in Possession of such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises; and for that Purpose to issue a Warrant, under

6 Geo. IV. Y y their

Bodies Politic, &c. may contract for Leases of such Lands, &c.

Persons refusing to sell or to accept the Consideration offered, Two Justices, &c, may put His Majesty's Officers into Possession.

690

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Jury summoned, who shall find Compensation.

Witnesses

summoned.

Jury or Witnesses not attending, meeting adjourned.

Lands that are suitable may be taken in lieu of such as have been marked out.

their Hands and Seals, requiring Possession to be delivered to such of His Majesty's Officers as shall be named in the said Warrant; and it shall also be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, to require the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors of such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Liberty or Place, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises shall be situate, to summon a Jury; and every such Sheriff or Sheriffs is and are hereby authorized and required to summon and return a Jury, properly qualified, of the Number of Twenty four, and in the Manner required by the Laws of England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, who shall meet at some convenient Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin are drawn by Law in England or Ireland respectively, and in such Manner as Juries are drawn by Law for the Trial of Offences in Scotland; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the Sheriff or Sheriffs shall choose others, of the Bye standers, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors respectively, on the Application of the said Persons so authorized, or of any Parties concerned, may and shall summon Witnesses and adjourn any such Meeting, if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend; and the Jury on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall on their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer,) find the Compensation to be paid for the Possession or Use of such Lands, as the Case may be.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises so required, or any Person or Persons interested therein, shall at any Time before the summoning of such Jury as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing of any other Lands situate as aforesaid, and of any other Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises so required as aforesaid, and suited to the Purpose for which such Lands are required, and which the Owner or Owners thereof, or Persons interested therein, are willing to treat and agree for, then and in such Case the Jury so to be summoned shall previously find the Facts, whether the Lands so indicated in such Notice are situate within the Distance aforesaid, and are suited to the Purpose for which such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Hereditaments or Premises may be required, and whether the Owner or Owners thereof or Persons interested therein, are willing to treat and agree for the same; and if they shall so find, the Owner or Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands so surveyed or marked out as aforesaid, or of the Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises so required, shall not be compellable by virtue of this Act to sell or dispose of the same: Provided always, that where the Owner or

Owners

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises required by virtue of this Act to be given up for the Purposes aforesaid, shall prefer to sell the same outright, and shall be able to make a good Title to the Fee Simple thereof, it shall be lawful for them to insist on so doing; and in such Case the Jury so summoned as aforesaid shall find the Value of the Fee Simple of such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Hereditaments or Premises, and the same shall be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Persons interested therein, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Person interested therein, shall be dis-satisfied with the Verdict of any such Jury, it shall be lawful for them, or their Attornies in England and Ireland, to apply to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin respectively, in the next Term, and in Scotland to apply within Fourteen Days after the finding any such Verdict, to the Court of Session in Scotland in Time of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, and to suggest to the said Courts or Lord Ordinary respectively, that they have reason to be dis-satisfied with such Verdict, and forthwith to give Notice thereof to the said Lord Pligh Treasurer or Commissioners, or Party (as the Case may be), and thereupon in England and Ireland the Proceedings that shall have been had, and the Verdict of such Jury, shall be returned into the said Courts of Exchequer respectively; and if it shall appear to the said Courts to be proper, a Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon, by Rule of such Court, or Order of any Judge of such Court, be directed to the Sheriff of such County where the Lands shall lie, or the Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises shall be, or if the same shall lie or be in Two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon either a Common or Special Jury according to the Application that shall have been made on that Behalf, and as the Court or such Judge shall allow, and who shall respectively be qualified according to Law to appear before the said Justice of Assize or Nisi Prius of that County, at the next Assizes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Assizes or Sittings, and the Compensation to be paid for the Possession or Use of such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, shall at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury, in like Manner as any Damages may be inquired of upon any Inquisition or Inquiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned to the said Courts of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said Court of Session or Lord Ordinary, upon such Application so to do, the said Court or Ordinary shall order and direct the Sheriff of the County where such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises shall lie and be, or if the same shall lie or be in Two Counties, the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon another Jury in the Manner in which Juries are summoned in Scotland,

Y y 2 properly

691

Proviso for Sale of Premises outright.

Persons dis-satisfied with Verdict, Appeal to Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland, or to Court of Session, &c. in Scotland.

Proceedings

thereon.

Jury,

Compensation, how enquired of;

6 92

C. 10G.

& GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ascertained by a Jury.

Verdict of, final.

Exception,

Jury, in ascertaining Coni' pensatkm for Premises, to -settle Proportion to be paid to Lessees, &c.

not to alter settled Proportions,

Security for Costs, 1

Upon delivering up Lands

properly qualified according to Law, to appear before the Lords or Lord of Justiciary at the next Circuit, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Application, otherwise at the next succeeding Circuit; and the Compensation as aforesaid for the Land, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises shall, at such Circuit, be ascertained by a Jury drawn from the Jury summoned as aforesaid, in such Manner as Juries are drawn in Scotland under the Direction of the said Lords or Lord of Justiciary as aforesaid; and the Verdict of such last mentioned Juries shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review or Challenge of any kind, unless the Court that shall have allowed such Inquiry shall think fit, on any Application made within Four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Term or Session, if in Scotland, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation to be paid for any Lands under this Act, and they are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation to any Person or Persons having any Interest as Lessees or Tenants at Will or otherwise, in any such Lands, and the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation shall be returned on the Verdict: Provided also, that where any such Inquiry before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Lords or Lord of Justiciary, shall be had on the Application of any such Lessee or Tenant at Will, or other Person having any inferior Interest in any such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, who may have been dis-satisfied with the Proportion of Compensation settled by the Jury to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall not be lawful for the Jury in any such Case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having separate Interests therein; and it shall not be lawful for any Jury, on any Inquiry had before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Lords or Lord of Justiciary, as to any Compensation on the Application of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of PL's Majesty's Treasury, in any Case in which the whole Compensation awarded by the former Jury is confirmed by the Jury on such Inquiry, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury, as to any separate Interest in any such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Hereditaments or Premises.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge, or Lord Ordinary, making any such Rule or Order, to require that the Party, .on whose Application the same shall be made, shall give such Security as shall to such Court, Judge or Lord Ordinary seem proper, for Payment of Costs, under such Circumstances as shall be specified in any Rule or Order made for that Purpose.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Lands shall be taken under the Provisions of this Act, for

any

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 106.

69$

any Term of Years or for such Period only as the Public Service ta Owners, all shall require, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Erections for Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any other Person ^ceTob^rc^* or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, at any Time before the mo<ve(1 malcin, r Possession of any Lands which shall have been taken for the Pur- Compensation* poses aforesaid shall be delivered up to the Owner or Owners to the Owners, thereof, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, to take down and remove all such Buildings or other Erections which shall or may have been built or erected thereon for the Public Service, and to carry away the Materials thereof; maL* ing such Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands-, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, for the Damage or Injury which may have been done thereto, or to the Soil thereof, by the Erection of any such Buildings, or removing and carrying away the same, or otherwise, in com sequence of the same having been occupied for the Public Service, as the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of.

His Majesty's Treasury, or such other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf; and if such Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, shall not be willing to accept the Compensation so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, to apply to and require Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for such Damage or Injury as aforesaid; and such Justice shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof; and the Amount of such Compensation, so settled and ascertained and certified, shall forthwith be paid by Warrant of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto: Provided always, Proviso for that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed Agreements, to extend, to alter, prejudice or affect any Agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into, by any such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, with any Owner or Owners of any such Lands, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their Behalf, in relation to any such Buildings or Erections, but every such Agreement shall remain valid and effectual in like Manner as if this Act had not passed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Purchase any Money shall have been or shall be agreed, or shall have been Money belong-or shall be found by the Verdict of any Jury, to be paid or given Persons

for the Use or Possession of any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, &c paid'to US Hereditaments or Premises taken by virtue of this Act, belong- onicer of Ex-ing to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapa- chequer for city, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall the, r Use. be paid by Warrant of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, into the Hands of the proper Officer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster,

Edinburgh or Dubli7i respectively for the Time being, for receiving the Monies belonging to the Suitors of the said Court respectively, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons;

C. 106.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

694

and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Discharge for such Money; and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively; and a true Copy thereof, signed by such Officer of such Court, shall and may be read and allowed as Money paid Evidence for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and such into the Bank Officer of such Court is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England or Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may require; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate the said Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, shall be vested in or to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

Barons of Ex- L. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of chequer, &c. on His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Barons Petition or Par- or judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh t^order^ppli- or Dublin, of the Decree of the Coif, for the Time being respec-cation of tively, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby

Money. authorized and empowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or

by Petition fox and on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the proper Officer of the said Courts respectively, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Officer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Mone} ', or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes as the said Lands so taken stood settled at the Time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the same can be done or otherwise concerning the disposing of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the Interest of the same, or any Part thereof for the Benefit of the Person or Persons respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Courts respectively shall think just and reasonable.

On Death, &c. LI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Removal of Officer of or Resignation of any such Officer of the said Courts of Ex-Exchequer, Se- chequer, all Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of cuiaties to vest tjjs ^ct shall vest in the succeeding Officer of the Exchequer, in accessor. purposes hereinbefore mentioned, without any Assignment

or

6° GEO. IV. C. 106* 107.

695

or Transfer; and all Monies paid in the said Banks respectively in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any such Officer at his Death, Resignation or Removal, and not vested in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Officer for the like Purpose for the Time being.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in proviso for this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Garden or Gardens, &c. Pleasure Gound, or to any Land immediately contiguous to and used as the Curtilage or Homestead of any Dwelling Plouse.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Order, Document, Documents Instrument or Writing relating to the Customs or to the Law of signed by Three Navigation, required by any Law at any Time in force to be under Commissioners the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, being Act

signed by Three or more of such Commissioners, shall be deemed the whoje> to be an Order, Document, Instrument or Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury accordingly.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in the present altered, &c. Session of Parliament. this Session«

CAP. CVII.

An Act for the General Regulation of the Customs.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Par- c. 105. Ante, liament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Latvs relating §

4 to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate, by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years; and it is therefore highly expedient, for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have, from time to time, been made, should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas, by the said Act, all the Laws relating to the Customs will be repealed; and it is expedient to make Provisions for regulating the Customs after such Repeal shall have Effect Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Commence- from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight ment of Act. hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation, for the General Regulation of the Customs of the United Kingdom and of the Isle of Man.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of Customs inwards.

should have full Cognizance of all Ships Coming into any Port ----

4 in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, or approaching prwidon

the Coasts thereof, and of all Goods on board, or which may have

been on board such Ships, and also of all Goods unladen from No Goods

Y y 4? 4 any landed, nor

696

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

INWARDS.

General

Provision.

Bulk broken, before Report and Entry.

Times and Places of landing.

Goods not reported or entered, forfeited. Bulk illegally broken, Penalty.

Certain Articles landed without Entry.

Manifest.

All British Ships, and all Ships with Tobacco, to have Manifests.

Particulars of Manifest.

Proviso as to Manifests for Tobacco.

i any Ship in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom or in the 6 Isle of Man; Be it therefore enacted, That no Goods shall be unladen from any Ship arriving from Parts beyond the Seas, at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, nor shall Bulk be broken after the Arrival of such Ship within Four Leagues of the Coasts thereof respectively, before due Report of such Ship, and due Entry of such Goods shall have been made, and Warrant granted in Manner hereinafter directed; and that no Goods shall be so unladen except at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, and by such Persons, and under the Care of such Officers as is and are hereinafter directed; and that all Goods not duly reported, or which shall be unladen contrary hereto, shall be forfeited; and if Bulk be broken contrary hereto, the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if after the Arrival of any Ship within Four Leagues of the Coast of the United Kingdom or of the Isle of Man, any Alteration be made in the Stowage of the Cargo of such Ship, so as to facilitate the unlading of any Part of such Cargo, or if any Part be staved, destroyed or thrown overboard, or any Package be opened, such Ship shall be deemed to have broken Bulk: Provided always, that the several Articles hereinafter enumerated may be landed in the United Kingdom without Report, Entry or Warrant; (that is to say,) Diamonds and Bullion, fresh Fish, British taken and imported in British Ships, Turbots and Lobsters fresh, however taken or imported.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into the United Kingdom or into the Isle of Man, from Parts beyond the Seas, in any British Ship, nor any Tobacco in any Ship, unless the Master shall have on board a Manifest of such Goods, or of such Tobacco, made out and dated and signed by him at the Place or respective Places where the same or the different Parts of the same was or were taken on board, and authenticated in the Manner hereinafter provided; and every such Manifest shall set forth the Name and the Tonnage of the Ship, the Name of the Master, and of the Place to which the Ship belongs, and of the Place or Places where the Goods were taken on board respectively, and of the Place or Places for which they are destined respectively; and shall contain a particular Account and Description of all the Packages on board, with the Marks and Numbers thereon, and the Sorts of Goods and different Kinds of each Sort contained therein, to the best of the Master's Knowledge, and of the Particulars of such Goods as are stowed loose; and the Names of the respective Shippers and Consignees, as far as the same can be known to the Master; and to such particular Account shall be subjoined a general Account or Recapitulation of the total Number of the Packages of each Sort, describing the same by their usual Names or by such Descriptions as the same can best be known by, and the different Goods therein, and also the total Quantities of the different Goods stowed loose: Provided always, that every Manifest for Tobacco shall be a separate Manifest, distinct from any Manifest for any other Goods, and shall, without fail, contain the particular Weight of Tobacco in each Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case, with the Tare of the same; and if such Tobacco be the Produce of the Dominions of the Grand Seignor, then the Number

6° GEO. IV.

69 7

C. 107.

her of the Parcels or Bundles within any such Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case, shall be stated in such Manifest.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Ship shall be cleared out or depart from any Place in any of the British Possessions abroad or from any Place in China, with any Goods for the United Kingdom or for the Isle of Man, the Master of such Ship shall produce the Manifest to the Collector or Controller of the Customs, or other proper Officer, who shall certify upon the same the Date of the Production thereof to him: Provided always, that in all Places within the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, the Servant of the said Company by whom the last Dispatches of such Ship shall be delivered, shall be the> proper Officer to authenticate the Manifest as aforesaid, and in all Places in China the Chief Supercargo of the said Company shall be the proper Officer for such Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That before the Departure of any Ship from any Place beyond the Seas not under the British Dominions, where any Tobacco has been taken on board such Ship for the United Kingdom or for the Isle of Man, the Master of such Ship shall produce the Manifest of such Tobacco to the British Consul or other chief British Officer, if there be any such resident at or near such Place; and such Consul or other Officer shall certify upon the same the Date of the Production thereof to him.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods shall be imported into the United Kingdom or into the Isle of Man, in any British Ship, or any Tobacco in any Ship, without such Manifest, or if any Goods contained in such Manifest be not on board, the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship required to have a Manifest on board, shall produce such Manifest to any Officer of the Customs who shall come on board his Ship, after her Arrival within Four Leagues of the Coast of the United Kingdom or of the Coast of the Isle of Man, and who shall demand the same for his Inspection; and such Master shall also deliver to any such Officer who shall be the first to demand it, a true Copy of such Manifest signed by the Master; and shall also deliver another Copy to any other Officer of the Customs who shall be the first to demand the same within the Limits of the Port to which such Ship is bound; and thereupon such Officers respectively shall notify on such Manifest and on such Copies the Date of the Production of such Manifest and of the Receipt of such Copies, and shall transmit such Copies to the Collector and Controller of the Port to which such Vessel is first bound, and shall return such Manifest to the Master; and if such Master shall not in any Case produce such Manifest or deliver such Copy, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship arriving from Parts beyond the Seas at any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, whether laden or in Ballast, shall within Twenty four Hours after such Arrival, and before Bulk be broken, make due Report of such Ship, upon Oath, before the Collector or Controller of such Port; and such Report shall contain an Account

INWARDS.

Mcmifest.

To be produced to Officers in Colonies, &c.

Proviso.

To be produced to Consuls.

If wanting, Penalty on Master.

Manifest produced within Four Leagues of Coast;

Copies to Officers transmitted to Port of Destination.

Master not producing, Penalty.

Ttrport.

Master, within Twenty four Hours and before breaking Bulk, shall report.

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Report.

Particulars of Report.

Not reporting, or falsely, Penalty.

Certain Packages may be opened and examined. Prohibited Goods forfeited

Master to deliver Manifest;

and if required Bill of Lading or Copy;

and answer upon Oath as to Voyage.

count of the particular Marks, Numbers and Contents of all the different Packages or Parcels of the Goods on board such Ship, and the Particulars of such Goods as are stowed loose, to the best of his Knowledge, and of the Place or Places where such Goods were respectively taken on board, and of the Burthen of such Ship, and of the Country where such Ship was built, or if British, of the Port of Registry, and of the Country of the People to whom such Ship belongs, and of the Name and Country of the Person who was Master during the Voyage, and of the Number of the People by whom such Ship was navigated, stating how many are Subjects of the Country to which such Ship belongs, and how many are of some other Country; and in such Report it shall be further declared, whether and in what Cases such Ship has broken Bulk in the Course of her Voyage, and what Part of the Cargo, if any, is intended for Importation at such Port, and what Part, if any, is intended for Importation at another Port in the United Kingdom or at another Port in the Isle of Man respectively; and what Part, if any, is prohibited to be imported, except to be warehoused for Exportation only, and what Part if any, is intended for Exportation in such Ship to Parts beyond the Seas, and what Surplus Stores or Stock remain on board such Ship; and if a British Ship, what foreign made Sails or Cordage not being standing or running Rigging, are in use on board such Ship; and the Master of any Ship who shall fail to make such Report, or who shall make a false Report, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the Contents of any Package so intended for Exportation in such Ship to Parts beyond the Seas, shall be reported by the Master as being unknown to him, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to open and

, examine such Package on board, or to bring the same to the King's Warehouse for that Purpose; and if there be found in such Package any Goods which may not be entered for Home Use, such Goods shall be forfeited; or if the Goods be such as may be entered for Home Use, the same shall be chargeable with the Duties of Importation; unless in either Case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in Consideration of the Sort or Quality of such Goods, or the small Rate of Duty payable thereon, shall see fit to deliver the same for Exportation.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship shall at the Time of making such Report, deliver to the Collector or Controller the Manifest of the Cargo of such Ship where a Manifest is required; and if required by the Collector or Controller, shall produce to him any Bill or Bills of Lading, or a true Copy thereof, for any and every Part of the Cargo laden on board; and shall answer upon Oath all such Questions relating to the Ship and Cargo, and Crew and Voyage, as shall be put to him by such Collector or Controller; and in case of Failure or Refusal to produce such Manifest, or to answer such Questions, or to produce such Bill of Lading or Copy; or if such Manifest or Bill of Lading, or Copy shall be false; or if any Bill of Lading be uttered by any Master, and the Goods expressed therein shall not have been bona fide shipped on board such Ship; or if any Bill of Lading, uttered or produced by any Master, shall not have been signed by him; or any such Copy shall not have been received or

made

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

699

made by him previously to his leaving the Place where the Goods expressed in such Bill of Lading or Copy were shipped; then and in every such Case such Master shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Part of the Cargo of any Ship for which a Manifest is required be reported for Importation at some other Port in the United Kingdom, or at some other Port in the Isle of Man respectively, the Collector and Controller of the Port at which some Part of the Cargo has been delivered, shall notify such Delivery on the Manifest, and return the same to the Master of such Ship.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Ship shall come as quickly up to the proper Place of Mooring or Unlading as the Nature of the Port will admit, and without touching at any other Place; and in proceeding to such Place shall bring to at Stations appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the boarding of Ships by the Officers of the Customs; and after Arrival at such Place of Mooring or Unlading, such Ship shall not remove from such Place, except directly to some other proper Place and with the Knowledge of the proper Officer of the Customs, on Penalty of One hundred Pounds to be paid by the Master of such Ship: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to appoint Places to be the proper Places for the Mooring or Unlading of Ships importing Tobacco, and where such Ships only shall be moored or unladen; and in case the Place so appointed for the Unlading of such Ships shall not be within some Dock surrounded with Wails, if any such Ship after having been discharged shall remain at such Place, or if any Ship not importing Tobacco shall be moored at such Place, the Master shall in either Case forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper Officers of the Customs to board any Ship arriving at any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, and freely to stay on board until all the Goods laden therein shall have been duly delivered from the same; and such Officers shall have free Access to every Part of the Ship, with Power to fasten down Hatchways, and to mark any Goods before landing, and to lock up, seal, mark or otherwise secure any Goods on board such Ship; and if any Place, or any Box or Chest be locked, and the Keys be withheld, such Officers, if they be of a Degree superior to Tides-men or WTatermen, may open any such Place, Box or Chest in the best Manner in their Power; and if they be Tidesmen or Watermen, or only of that Degree, they shall send for their superior Officer, who may open or cause to be opened any such Place, Box or Chest in the best Manner in his Power; and if any Goods be found concealed on board any such Ship, they shall be forfeited; and if the Officers shall place any Lock, Mark or Seal upon any Goods on board, and such Lock, Mark or Seal be wilfully opened, altered or broken before due Delivery of such Goods, or if any of such Goods be secretly conveyed away; or if the Hatchways, after having been fastened down by the Officer, be opened, the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

Ship

INWARDS.

Report.

Penalty.

Part of Cargo reported for another Port.

Ship to come quickly to Place of Unlading, but to bring to at Stations for boarding Officers.

Penalty. ' Proviso *

Penalty on Master.

Officers to board Ships;

to have free Access to all Parts;

may seal or secure Goods:

may open Locks.

Goods concealed, forfeited. Seal, &c. broken, Penalty on Master.

Ships having Goods oil board,

TOO

inwards,

Report.

Person in charge to deliver an Account and answer on Oath.

Penalty.

Such Ships liable to Search, under Regulations of Treasury.

Master to deliver List of Crew.

Penalty.

List kept by Collector.

Entry.

Regulations as too Officer landing Goods not entered.

Duties and Charges not paid in Three Months,

C. 107* 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Ship (having Commission from His Majesty, or from awy foreign Prince or State) arriving as aforesaid at any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, shall have on board any Goods laden in Parts beyond the Seas, the Captain, Master, Purser or other Person having the Charge of such Ship, or of such Goods for that Voyage, shall before any Part of such Goods be taken out of such Ship, or when called upon so to do by any Officer of the Customs, deliver an Account in Writing under his Hand to the best of his Knowledge, of the Quality and Quantity of every Package or Parcel of such Goods, and of the Marks and Numbers thereon, and of the Names of the respective Shippers and Consignees of the same; and shall answer upon Oath to the Collector or Controller such Questions concerning such Goods as shall be required of him; and on Failure thereof such Captain, Master, Purser or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Ships shall be liable to such Searches as Merchant Ships are liable to; and the Officers of the Customs may freely enter and go on board all such Ships, and bring from thence on Shore into the King's Warehouse any Goods found on board any such Ship as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to such Regulations in respect of Ships of War belonging to His Majesty as shall from time to time be directed in that respect by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kindom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every British Ship arriving at any Port in the United Kingdom, on her Return from any British Possessions in America, shall within Ten Days of such Arrival, deliver upon Oath to the Collector or Controller, a List containing the Names and Descriptions of the Crew which was on board at the Time of clearing from the United Kingdom, and of the Crew on board at the Time of Arrival in any of the said Possessions, and of every Seaman who has deserted or died during the Voyage; and also the Amount of Wages due at the Time of his Death to each Seaman so dying; and every Master omitting so to do shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and such List shall be kept by the Collector for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Importer of any Goods shall within Fourteen Days after the Arrival of the Ship importing the same, make perfect Entry Inwards of such Goods or Entry by Bill of Sight in Manner hereinafter provided, and shall within such Time land the same; and in Default of such Entry and Landing, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to convey such Goods to the King's Warehouse; and whenever the Cargo of any Ship shall have been discharged with the Exception only of a small Quantity of Goods, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to convey such remaining Goods, and at any Time to convey any small Packages or Parcels of Goods to the King's Warehouse, although such Fourteen Days shall not have expired, there to be kept waiting the due Entry thereof during the Remainder of such Fourteen Days; and if the Duties due upon any Goods so conveyed to the King's Warehouse shall not be paid within Three Months after such Fourteen Days shall have expired, together with all Charges of Removal and Warehouse Rent, the

18 same

6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

701

same shall be sold, and the Produce thereof shall be applied first to the Payment of Freight and Charges, next of Duties, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Proprietor of the Goods.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person entering any Goods Inwards, (whether for Payment of Duty, or to be warehoused upon the first perfect Entry thereof, or for Payment of Duty upon the taking out of the Warehouse, or whether such Goods be free of Duty,) shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Bill of the Entry of such Goods, fairly written in Words at Length, expressing the Name of the Ship, and of the Master of the Ship in which the Goods were imported, and of the Place from whence they were brought, and the Description and Situation of the Warehouse if they are to be warehoused, and the Name of the Person in whose Name the Goods are to be entered, and the Quantity and Description of the Goods, and the Number and Denomination or Description of the respective Packages containing the Goods; and in the Margin of such Bill shall delineate the respective Marks and Numbers of such Packages, and shall pay down any Duties which may be payable upon the Goods mentioned in such Entry; and such Person shall also deliver at the same Time Two or more Duplicates as the Case may require of such Bill, in which all Sums and Numbers may be expressed in Figures, and the Particulars to be contained in such Bill shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner, and the Number of such Duplicates shall be such as the Collector and Controller shall require; and such Bill being duly signed by the Collector and Controller, and transmitted to the Landing Waiter, shall be the Warrant to him for the landing or delivering of such Goods.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Entry nor any Warrant for the landing of any Goods, or for the taking of any Goods out of any Warehouse, shall be deemed valid, unless the Particulars of the Goods and Packages in 'such Entry shall correspond with the Particulars of the Goods and Packages, purporting to be the same, in the Report of the Ship, and in the Manifest, where a Manifest is required, and in the Certificate or other Document, where any is required, by which the Importation or Entry of such Goods is authorized, nor unless the Goods shall have been properly described in such Entry by the Denominations, and with the Characters and Circumstances according to which such Goods are charged with Duty or may be imported, either to be used in the United Kingdom, or to be warehoused for Exportation only; and any Goods taken or delivered out of any Ship, or out*of any Warehouse, by virtue of any Entry or Warrant, not corresponding or agreeing in all such Respects, or not properly describing the same, shall be deemed to be Goods landed or taken without due Entry thereof, and shall be forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Goods in such Entry be charged to pay Duty according to the Number, Measure or Weight thereof, such Number, Measure or Weight shall be stated in the Entry; and if the Goods in such Entry be charged to pay Duty according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be stated in the Entry, and shall be affirmed by the Declaration of the Importer or his known Agent, written upon the Entry and attested by his Signature; and if any Person make such Declaration,

INWARDS,

Entry.

Goods sold. Bill of Entry to be delivered.

Particulars.

Duplicates,

Bill of Entry signed shall be the Warrant.

Not valid unless agreeing with Manifest, Report and other Documents,

and Description of Goods.

Goods not properly entered, forfeited.

Goods by Number, Measure or Weight.

Goods ad Valorem.

Declaration of Value by Per-

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS.

Entry.

son not authorized. Penalty. Form of Declaration.

Goods undervalued, Officers may detain.

Valuation and 101. per Cent, to be paid Importer.

Goods to be sold for the Benefit of the Crown.

Value of East India Goods according to Sales.

East India Company to sell Goods,

ation, not being the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, nor his Agent duly authorized by him, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and such Declaration shall be made in Manner and Form following, and shall be binding upon the Person by or in behalf of whom the same shall be made; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do hereby declare, That I am [the Importer, or authorized by the Importer] of the Goods contained in this

4 Entry, and that I enter the same [stating which, if Part onli/-\ at £ the Sum of Witness my Hand the

Day of A.B. '

XX. And be it further enacted, That if upon Examination it shall appear to the Officers of the Customs that such Goods are not valued according to the true Value thereof, it shall be lawful for such Officers to detain and secure such Goods, and (within Five Days from the landing thereof, if it be in the Ports of London, Leith or Dublin, or within Seven Days if in any other Port in the United Kingdom, or if in any Port in the Isle of Man) to take such Goods for the Use of the Crown; and if a different Rate of Duty shall be charged upon any Goods, according as the Value of the same shall be described in the Entry to be above or to be below any particular Price or Sum, and such Goods shall be entered so as to be liable to the lower Rate of Duty, and it shall appear to the Officers of the Customs that such Goods, by reason of their real Value, are properly liable to the higher Rate of Duty, it shal be lawful for such Officers in like Manner to take such Goods for the Use of the Crown; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall thereupon in any of such Cases cause the Amount of such Valuation, together with an Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and also the Duties paid upon such Entry, to be paid to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods in full Satisfaction for the same, and shall dispose of such Goods for the Benefit of the Crown; and if the Produce of such Sale shall exceed the Sums so paid, and all Charges incurred by the Crown, One Moiety of the Overplus shall be given to the Officer or Officers who had detained and taken the Goods; and the Money retained for the Benefit of the Crown shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Customs, with the Knowledge of the Controller, and carried to Account as Duties of Customs.

XXI. Provided alwa)'S, and be it further enacted, That the Value of Goods imported by the East India Company, and of all Goods called " Piece Goods," being Articles manufactured of Silk, Flair or Cotton, or any Mixture thereof, imported by any Person into the Port of London, from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Compan} ^, shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold by Auction at the Public Sales of the said Company; and that such Goods shall be landed and secured in such Places and in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall require, until the Duties thereon shall have been duly paid, or the same shall have been duly exported.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the East India Company shall fairly and openly expose to Sale, and cause to be sold, all such Goods so charged to pay Duty according to the Value

thereof,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

703

thereof, by way of Public Auction, in the City of London, within Three Years from the Importation thereof; and shall give due Notice at the Custom House in London, to the Officers appointed to attend such Sales, of the Time and Place thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer of any Goods, or his Agent, after full Conference with him, shall declare upon Oath, before the Collector or Controller, that he cannot for want of full Information make a perfect Entry thereof, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller to receive an Entry by Bill of Sight, for the Packages or Parcels of such Goods, by the best Description which can be given, and to grant a Warrant thereupon, in order that the same maybe landed, and may be seen and examined by such Importer, in the Presence of the proper Officers; and within Three Days after any Goods shall have been so landed, the Importer shall make a perfect Entry thereof, and shall either pay down all Duties which shall be due and payable upon such Goods, or shall duly Warehouse the same, according to the Purport of the perfect Entry or Entries so made for such Goods, or for the several Parts or Sorts thereof: Provided always, that if any Sum of Money shall have been deposited upon any Entry by Bill of Sight, on Account of the Duties which may be found to be payable on the Goods intended therein, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to deliver, in virtue of the Warrant for landing the same, any Quantity of Goods, the Duty on which shall not exceed the Sum so deposited.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in Default of perfect Entry, within such Three Days, such Goods shall be taken to the King's Warehouse by the Officers of the Customs; and if the Importer shall not, within One Month after such landing, make perfect Entry or Entries of such Goods, and pay the Duties thereon, or on such Parts as can be entered for Home Use, together with Charges of Removal and of Warehouse Rent, such Goods shall be sold for the Payment of such Duties (or for Exportation, if they be such as cannot be entered for Home Use, or shall not be worth the Duties and Charges), and for the Payment of such Charges; and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the East India Company, without making the Proof hereinbefore required, to enter by Bill of Sight, to be landed and secured in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall require, any Goods imported by them, and also any Goods imported by any other Person from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, with the Consent of such Person, upon condition to cause perfect Entry to be made of such Goods within Three Months from the Date of the Importation thereof; either to warehouse the same or to pay the Duties thereon within the Times and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) if such Goods be charged to pay Duty according to the Value, then to pay such Duty within Four Months from the Sale of the Goods; and if such Goods be charged to pay Duty according to the Number, Measure or Weight thereof, then to pay One Moiety of such Duties within Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Importation of such Goods, and the

other

inwards. '

Entry.

Bill of Sight, if Goods be not known;

Importer to examine, and make perfect Entry in Three Days.

Proviso as to Money deposited.

If not entered. Goods taken to King's Warehouse;

and in One Month may be sold.

East India Company may enter by Bill of Sight; and make perfect Entry within Three Months.

Ad Valorem Duties.

Rated Duties.

C. 107.

G° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS.

jEntry.

Private Importers may enter as the Company may, on Bond, if Goods secured in Company's Warehouses.

In Default of Payment of Duties, Goods sold.

East India Company to pay Duties to Receiver General.

Goods damaged on Voyage; Abatement of Duties.

Proof.

When Claim to be made.

Officers to examine Damage, and state Proportion; or choose Two Merchants;

other Moiety within Twelve Calendar Months from such Time; and such Goods shall be secured in such Places and in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall require, until the same shall have been duly entered, and the Duties thereon shall have been duly paid, or until the same shall have been duly exported: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any other Person who shall have imported any Goods from Places within the said Limits into the Port of London, in like Manner to enter such Goods by Bill of Sight in his own Name, upon giving sufficient Security by Bond, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of ILis Majesty's Customs, with the like Conditions as are required of the said Company, for making perfect Entries, and for selling at the Sales of the said Company all such of the said Goods as are called " Piece Goods," and for the securing and the paying of Duties; provided such Goods be entered by such Bill of Sight, to be warehoused in some Warehouse under the Superintendance of the said Company, and in which Goods imported by the said Company may be secured in Manner before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Default of perfect Entry within Three Months as aforesaid, or of due Entry and Payment of Duty within the Times and in the Manners hereinbefore respectively required, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to cause any such Goods, in respect of which such Default shall have been made, to be sold for the Payment of such Duties (or for Exportation, if they be such as cannot be entered for Home Use), and for the Payment of all Charges incurred by the Crown in respect of such Goods; and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Proprietor thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the East India Company shall pay into the Elands of the Receiver General of the Customs, every Sum of Money due from the said Company on Account of the Duties of Customs, at the respective Times when the same shall become due; and that the said Receiver General shall give to the said Company a Receipt for the Monies so paid, on the Account of the Collector of the Customs, which Receipt, when delivered to such Collector, shall be received by him as Cash.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which are rated to pay Duty according to the Number, Measure or Weight thereof (except certain Goods hereinafter mentioned), shall receive Damage during the Voyage, an Abatement of such Duties shall be allowed in Proportion to the Damage so received: Provided Proof be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or of any Officers of Customs acting therein under their Directions, that such Damage was received after the Goods were shipped abroad in the Ship importing the same, and before they were landed in the United Kingdom; and provided Claim to such Abatement of Duties be made at the Time of the first Examination of such Goods.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of the Customs shall thereupon examine such Goods with Reference to such Damage, and may state the Proportion of Damage which, in their Opinion, such Goods have so received, and may make a proportionate Abatement of Duties; but if the Officers of Customs

6° GEO. IV. C. 107. 705

be incompetent to estimate such Damage, or if the Importer be not satisfied with the Abatement made by them* the Collector and Controller shall choose Two indifferent Merchants, experienced in the Nature and Value of such Goods, who shall examine the same, and declare upon Oath in what Proportion, according to their Judgment, such Goods are lessened in their Value by reason of such Damage, and thereupon the Officers of Customs may make an Abatement of the Duties according to the Proportion of Damage so declared by such Merchants; and if any of such Goods be afterwards exported for Drawback, an Abatement of the Drawback in the like Proportion shall be made, and shall be declared in the Bills of the Entry of such Goods, and in the Clearance of the same for Shipment..

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Abatement of Duties shall be made on account of any Damage received by any of the Sorts of Goods hereinafter enumerated; (that is to say,)

Coffee, Currants, Figs, Lemons,

Oranges, Raisins, Tobacco, and Wine *

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to re-import into the United Kingdom from any Place, in a Ship of any Country, any Goods (except as hereinafter excepted), which shall have been legally exported from the United Kingdom, and to enter the same by Bill of Store, referring to the Entry outwards, and Exportation thereof: Provided the Property in such Goods continue in the Person by whom or on whose Account the same have been exported; and if the Goods so returned be Foreign Goods which had before been legally imported into the United Kingdom, the same Duties shall be payable thereon as would, at the Time of such Re-importation, be payable on the like Goods, under the same Circumstances of Importation as those under which such Goods had been originally imported; or such Goods may be warehoused as the like Goods might be warehoused upon a first Importation thereof: Provided always, that the several Sorts of Goods enumerated Or described in the Table following, shall not be re-imported into the United Kingdom for Home Use, upon the Ground that the same had been legally exported from thence, but that the same shall be deemed to be Foreign Goods, whether originally such or not, and shall also be deemed to he imported for the first Time into the United Kingdom; (that is to say,)

A TABLE OF GOODS EXPORTED WHICH MAY NOT BE RE-IMPORTED FOR PIOME USE.

Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour and Malt.

Hops.

Tobacco.

Tea.

Goods for which any Bounty or any Drawback of Excise had been received on Exportation, unless by special Permission of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and on Repayment of such Bounty or such Drawback.

All Goods for which Bill of Store cannot be issued in Manner hereinafter directed, except small Remnants of British Goods by special Permission of the Commissioners of His Majesty's 6 Geo. IV. Z z Customs,

INWARDS *

Entry.

exported for

Drawback

Abatement.

No Abatement for certain Goods *

Returned Goods;

entered by Bill of Store, if Property be not changed;

if Foreign Goods, Duties paid again; or Goods warehoused.

Certain Goods may not be returned for Home Use.

706

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Entry.

Bill of Store, by whom taken out;

issued by Searcher.

Duty of Agent.

Of Consignee as to Proprietor.

Of Proprietor as to Oath to Identity, and Property unchanged;

Entry by Bill of Store.

Surplus Stores subject to Duties.

Proviso if not excessive as to Entry, &c.

Goods from Plantations;

Master to deliver Plantation Clearance.

Certificate of Growth of Sugar, &c. from Plantations.

Customs, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that the same are

British, and had not been sold.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Person in whose Name any Goods so re-imported were entered for Exportation, shall deliver to the Searcher at the Port of Exportation, an exact Account signed by him of the Particulars of such Goods, referring to the Entry and Clearance outwards, and to the Return inwards of the same, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, both inwards and outwards; and thereupon the Searcher, finding that such Goods had been legally exported, shall grant a Bill of Store for the same; and if the Person in whose Name such Goods were entered for Exportation was not the Proprietor thereof, but his Agent, he shall declare upon Oath on such Bill of Store the Name of the Person by whom he was employed as such Agent; and if the Person to whom such returned Goods are consigned shall not be such Proprietor and Exporter, he shall declare upon Oath on such Bill of Store the Name of the Person for whose Use such Goods have been consigned to him; and the real Proprietor, ascertained to be such, shall make Oath upon such Bill of Store to the Identity of the Goods so exported and so returned, and that he was at the Time of Exportation and of Re-importation the Proprietor of such Goods, and that the same had not during such Time been sold or disposed of to any other Person; and such Affidavits shall be made before the Collectors or Controllers at the Ports of Exportation and of Importation respectively; and thereupon the Collector and Controller shall admit such Goods to Entry by Bill of Store, and grant their Warrant accordingly.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Stores of every Ship arriving from Parts beyond the Seas, in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, shall be subject to the same Duties, and the same Prohibitions, Restrictions and Regulations, as the like Sorts of Goods shall be subject to when imported by wray of Merchandize; but if it shall appear to the Collector and Controller, that the Quantity or Description of such Stores is not excessive or unsuitable under all the Circumstances of the Voyage, it shall be lawful for them to permit such Surplus Stores to be entered for the private Use of the Master, Purser or Owner of such Ship, or of any Passenger of such Ship, to whom any such Surplus Stores may belong, on Payment of the proper Duties, or to be warehoused for the future Use of such Ship, although the same could not be legally imported by way of Merchandize.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be entered as being of or from any British Possession in America, (if any Benefit attach to such Distinction,) unless the Master of the Ship importing the same shall have delivered to the Collector or Controller a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Place where such Goods were taken on board, of the due Clearance of such Ship from thence, containing an Account of such Goods.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits or Mahogany, shall be entered as being of the Produce of some British Possession in America, or the Island of Mauritius, the Master of the Ship importing the same

6° GEO. IV. C. 107. 707

shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Place where such Goods, were taken on board, testifying that Proof had been made in Manner required by Law, that such Goods are of the Produce of some British Possession in America, or the Island of Mauritius, stating the Name of the Place where such Goods were produced, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, and the Number and Denomination of the Packages containing the same, and the Name of the Ship in which they are laden, and of the Master thereof; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller, that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Goods were taken on board, and that the Goods so imported are the same as are mentioned therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar shall be entered as being the Produce of any British Possession in the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer at the Place where such Sugar was taken on board, testifying that Oath had been made before him by the Shipper of such Sugar, that the same was really and bona fide the Produce of such British Possession; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller, that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Sugar was taken on board, and that the Sugar so imported is the same as is mentioned therein.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Wine shall be entered as being the Produce of the Cape ofi Good Hope, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall deliver to the Collector or Controller, a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Cape of Good Hope, testifying that Proof had been made in manner required by Law, that such Wine is of the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Dependencies thereof, stating the Quantity and Sort of such Wine, and the Number and Denomination of the Packages containing the same; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller that such Certificate was received by him at the Cape ofi Good Hope, and that the Wine so imported is the same as is mentioned therein.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the United Kingdom any Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from the said Islands respectively without Payment of any Duty (except in the Cases hereinafter mentioned); and that such Goods shall not be deemed to be included in any Charge of Duties, imposed by any Act hereafter to be made on the Importation of Goods generally from Parts beyond the Seas: Provided always, that such Goods may nevertheless be charged with any Proportion of such Duties, as shall fairly countervail any Duties of Excise, or any Coast Duty, payable on the like Goods, the Produce of the Part of the United Kingdom into which they shall be imported: Provided also, that such Exemption from Duty shall not extend to any Manufactures of the said Islands, made from Materials the Produce of any Foreign Country; except

INWARDS.

Entry.

Master to make Oath to Certificate.

Certificate of Sugar from Limits of Charter;

Master to make Oath to Certificate.

Certificate of Cape Wines;

Master to make Oath to Certificate.

Goods of Guernsey, Jersey, &c. Dutyfree; with Exceptions.

Proviso.

Proviso.

708

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Entry.

Master to deliver Certificate of Produce, and make Oath to Certificate.

Treasury may permit Produce of Colonial Fisheries to be imported from Guernsey, &c.

Vessels with Stone from Guernsey, &c. not piloted.

Fish, herein described free of Duty on Importation.

Oath of Master.

Certificate of Blubber, Train Oil, &c. British Colonial 'Taking.

Manufactures of Linen and Cotton made in and imported from the Isle of Man.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods shall be entered as being the Produce of the said Islands (if any Benefit attach to such Distinction), the Master of the Ship of Vessel importing the same shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Certificate from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of the Island from whence such Goods were imported, that Proof had been made in Manner required by Law, that such Goods were of the Produce of such Island, stating the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, and the Number and Denomination of the Packages containing the same; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller, that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Goods were taken on board, and that the Goods so imported are the same as are mentioned therein.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, when and so long as they shall see fit, to permit any Goods the Produce of the British Possessions or Fisheries in No?ih America, which shall have been legally imported into the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey direct from such Possessions, to be imported into the United Kingdom for Home Use direct from those Islands, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct; any Thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel arriving on the Coast of England from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarlc or Man, wholly laden with Stone the Production thereof, shall be liable to be conducted or piloted by Pilots appointed and licensed by the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That fresh Fish of every kind, of British taking, and imported in British Ships; and fresh Lobsters and Turbots, however taken, or in whatever Ship imported; and cured Fish of every kind, of British taking and curing, imported in British Ships, shall be imported free of all Duties, and shall not be deemed to be included in any Charge of Duty imposed by any Act hereafter to be made on the Importation of Goods generally: Provided always, that before any cured Fish shall be entered free of Duty, as being of such taking and curing, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall make Oath before the Collector or Controller, that such Fish was actually caught, taken and cured wholly by His Majesty's Subjects.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, shall be entered as being the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in some Part of His Majesty's Dominions, and imported from some British Possession, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of such British Possession where such Goods were taken on board, (or if no such

Officer

6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

709

Officer be residing there, then a Certificate under the Hands of Two principal Inhabitants at the Place of Shipment,) notifying that Oath had been made before him or them by the Shipper of such Goods, that the same were the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken wholly by British Subjects usually residing in some Part of His Majesty's Dominions; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller, that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Goods were taken on board, and that the Goods so imported are the same as mentioned therein; and the Importer of such Goods shall also make Oath before the Collector or Controller at the Time of Entry, that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the same were the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken wholly by British Subjects usually residing in some Part of His Majesty's Dominions.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That before any Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, shall be entered as being the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught wholly by the Crews of Ships fitted out in the United Kingdom, or in one of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarlc or Man, the Master of the Ship importing such Goods shall make Oath, and the Importer of such Goods (to the best of his Knowledge and Belief) shall make Oath that the same are the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught wholly by the Crew of such Ship^ or by the Crew of some other Ship (naming the Ship) fitted out in the United Kingdom, or in one of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man (stating which).

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful upon the Return of any Ship from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Straits to the United Kingdom, with any Blubber, being the Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, for the Importers thereof to cause the same to be boiled into Oil at the Port of Importation, under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officers of the Customs; and the Oil so produced shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duties be paid thereon as if imported in that State.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be deemed to be imported from any particular Place, unless they be imported direct from such Place, and shall have been there-laden on board the importing Ship, either as the first Shipment of such Goods, or after the same shall have been actually landed at such Place.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner or Salvor of any Property liable to the Payment of Duty saved from Sea, and in respect of which any Sum shall have been awarded under any Law at the Time in Force, or in respect of which any Sum shall have been paid, or agreed to be paid by the Owner thereof or his Agent, to the Salvors to defray the Salvage of the same, to sell so much of the Property so saved as will be sufficient to defray the Salvage so awarded, or such other Sum so paid or agreed to be paid; and that upon the Production of an Award made in Execution of any such Law to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or upon Proof to the Sa-

INWARDS.

Entry.

Oath of Master and Importer.

Before Entry of Blubber, &c. of British Fishing, Master and Importer to make Oath of the same.

Blubber from Greenland may be boiled, and entered as Oil.

Importation to be direct.

Salvor may sell Goodssufticient to defray Salvage.

On Award produced.

Commissioners, may allow Sale.

710

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

1N WA R I)S. JEtltry.

Free from Duties *

Proviso.

Foreign Gdods, derelict, &c. subject to same Duties as on Importation.

Penalty.

Removing, &c. Packages.

Penalty.

Lord of Manor or Salvor may retain such Goods on giving Bond for Payment of Duties.

Goods under Excise Permit Regulations.

tisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Sum of Money has been paid, or has been agreed to be paid, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to allow the Sale of such Property aforesaid, free from the Payment of all Duties, to the Amount of such Sum so awarded, paid or agreed to be paid, or to the Amount of such other Sum as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable: Provided always, that if such Owner or Salvor shall be dis-satisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners as to the Amount of such Property to be sold Duty free, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Salvor to refer any such Determination of the said Commissioners to the Judgment and Revision of the High Court of Admiralty, and in that Case such Sale shall be suspended until the Decision of such Court shall have been had thereon.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Goods, Derelict, Jestam, Flotsam and Wreck, brought or coming into the United Kingdom, or into the Isle of Man, shall at all Times be subject to the same Duties as Goods of the like Kind imported into the United Kingdom respectively are subject to; and if any Person shall have Possession of any such Goods, either on Land or within any Port in the United Kingdom, and shall not give Notice thereof to the proper Officer of the Customs within Twenty four Llours after such Possession, or shall not on Demand pay the Duties due thereon, or deliver the same into the Custody of the proper Officer of the Customs, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall remove or alter in Quantity or Quality any such Liquors or Tobacco, or shall open or alter any Package containing any such Liquors or Tobacco, or shall cause any such Act to be done, or assist therein, before such Liquors or Tobacco shall be deposited in a Warehouse, in the Custody of the Officers of the Customs, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in Default of the Payment of the Duties on such Liquors or Tobacco within Eighteen Months from the Time when the same were so deposited, the same may be sold in like Manner, and for the like Purposes, as Goods imported may in such Default be sold: Provided always, that any Lord of the Manor having by Law just Claims to such Liquors or Tobacco, or if there be no such Lord of the Manor, then the Person having Possession of the same, shall be at Liberty to retain the same in his own Custody, giving Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the proper Officer of the Customs, in Treble the Value of such Goods, for the Payment of the Duties thereon at the End of One Year and One Day, or to deliver such Goods to the proper Officer of the Customs in the same State and Condition as the same were in at the Time of taking Possession thereof.

XLIX. And Whereas it may be expedient to subject some ' Sorts of Goods imported into the United Kingdom to certain ' internal Regulations and Restraints, after the full Duties of c Customs have been paid thereon, and to place such Regul-6 ations and Restraints under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise Be it therefore enacted, That no Goods which are subject to any Regulations of Excise shall be taken or delivered out of the Charge of the Officers of Customs, (although

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

711

C. 107.

-though the same may have been duly entered with them, and the full Duties due thereon have been paid,) until such Goods shall also have been duly entered with the Officers of Excise, and Permit granted by them for Delivery of the same, nor unless such Permit shall correspond in all Particulars with the Warrant of the Officers of the Customs: Provided always, that such Entry shall not be received by the Officers of the Excise, nor such Permit granted by them, until a Certificate shall have been produced to them of the Particulars of the Goods, and of the Warrant for the same, under the Hand of the Officers of the Customs who shall have the Charge of the Goods: Provided also, that if upon any Occasion it shall appear necessary, it shall be lawful for the proper Officers of Excise to attend the Delivery of such Goods by the Officers of the Customs, and to require that such Goods shall be delivered only in their Presence; and it shall be lawful for such Officers of Excise to count, measure, guage or weigh any such Goods, and fully to examine the same, and to proceed in all Respects relating to such Goods in such Manner as they shall be authorized or required by any Act for the Time being in force relating to the Excise.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Goods whatever (except Diamonds, Bullion, fresh Fish, British taken and imported in British Ships, and Turbots and Lobsters) shall be unshipped from any Ship arriving from Parts beyond the Seas, or landed or put on Shore, but only on Days not being Sundays or Holidays, and in the Day Time, that is to say, from the First Day of September until the last Day of March between Sun-rising and Sun-setting, and from the last Day of March to the First Day of September between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; nor shall any Goods, except as aforesaid, be so unshipped or landed, unless in the Presence or with the Authority of the proper Officer of the Customs; and such Goods, except as aforesaid, shall be landed at One of the legal Quays appointed by His Majesty for the landing of Goods, or at some Wharf, Quay or Place appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the landing of Goods by Sufferance; and that no Goods, except as aforesaid, after having been unshipped, shall be transhipped, or after having been put into any Boat or Craft to be landed, shall be removed into any other Boat or Craft previously to their being duly landed, without the Permission or Authority of the proper Officer of the Customs.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the unshipping, carrying and landing of all Goods, and the bringing of the same to the proper Place after landing, for Examination or for Weighing, and the putting of the same into the Scales, and the taking of the same out of and from the Scales after Weighing, shall be performed by, or at the Expence of, the Importer.

4 LIJ. And Whereas it is expedient for the due Encouragement of Trade and Manufactures, and for the Security of the ' Revenue, to prohibit or restrict the Importation of certain Goods Be it therefore enacted, That the several Sorts of Goods enumerated or described in the Table following, denominated " A Table of Prohibitions and Restrictions Inwards," shall either be absolutely prohibited to be imported into the

INWARDS.

Entry

Officers of Excise may attend Delivery.

Times and Places for landing Goods herein mentioned.

Transhipping of Goods.

Goods to be unshipped, &e. at Expence of Importer.

INWARDS.

PROHIBITIONS.

Restrictions absolute or

modified.

712

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS.

PROHIBITIONS.

United Kingdom, or shall be imported only under the Restrictions mentioned in such Table, according as the several Sorts of such Goods are respectively set forth therein; (that is to say,)

A TABLE OF PROHIBITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS INWARDS.

A LIST OF GOODS ABSOLUTELY PROHIBITED TO BE IMPORTED.

Arms, Ammunition and Utensils of War, by Way of Merchandize, except by Licence from His Majesty, for furnishing His Majesty's Public Stores only.

Bandstrings; of Silk, until the 5th July 1826.

Beef.

Books; viz,

---- first composed or written or printed in the United Kingdom, and printed or reprinted in any other Country, imported for Sale, except Books not reprinted in the United Kingdom within Twenty Years; or being Parts of Collections, the greater Parts of which had been composed or written abroad.

Brocade of Gold or Silver) TT ., r 7

Buttons' - -} Until the 5th 1826.

Cattle, great; except 600 Head yearly from and of the Breed of the Isle of Man, into the Port of Chester,

Coin; viz,

---- False Money, or Counterfeit Sterling.

---- Silver, of the Realm, or any Money purporting to be such,

not being of the established Standard in Weight or Fineness.

Cutwork; of Silk, until the 5th July 1826.

fish of Foreign taking or curing, or in Foreign Vessels; except Turbots and Lobsters, Stock Fish, Live Eels, Anchovies, Sturgeon, Botargo and Caviare.

Fringe; of Silk, until the 5th July 1826.

Gloves; until the 5th July 1826.

Gunpowder; except by Licence from His Majesty, such Licence to be granted for the furpishing His Majesty's Stores only.

Lamb.

Malt.

Mutton,

Pork.

Ribbands, Laces and Girdles, Foreign made, whether wholly or partly of Silk, until the 5th July 1826; except Ribbands, Laces and Girdles brought by any Persons as Part of their Dress,

Sheep.

Snuff-work.

Silks, until the 5th July 1826; viz.

, ---- wrought Silks, Bengals and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba,

of the Manufacture of Persia^ China or the East Indies.

---- wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with Gold or Silver, or other

Materials.

---- wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes and Tiffanies, and any other

Work made thereof, whether wholly or partly.

---- Silk Stockings, Foreign made, except Stockings brought by

any Person lor his or her private Use.

Spirits;

6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

713

Spirits; viz. ik^arhs.

---- from the Isle of Man. _ prohibition.

---- Spirits of a greater (Strength than One to Nine over Hy-

drometer Proof; except Spirits the Produce of the British Possessions, or of the Cape of Good Hope.

Swine.

Tobacco Stalks stripped from the Leaf, whether manufactured or not.

Tobacco Stalk Flour.

LIST OE GOODS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON IMPORTATION.

bonnets, Hats or Platting of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane or Horse Hair, proper for making such Hats or Bonnets; not being packed in Bales or Tubs, each of which shall contain 75 Dozen of such Hats, or 22-Ilbs. of such Platting or other Manufacture, at least.

Cambrics or Lawns; not being in Bales, Cases or Boxes covered with Sackcloth or Canvass, each of which shall contain 100 whole or 200 demi Pieces and except into the Port of London, and except by Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs.

China, Goods from; unless by the East India Company, and into the Port of London.

China Ware or Porcelain Ware; except into the Ports of London,

Plymouth, Bristol, Liverpool, Hull, Newcastle, Leith, Greenock,

Dublin, Cork and Belfast.

Coffee; unless in Packages, each of which shall contain 100lbs.

Weight of neat Coffee at least.

East India, Goods of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; unless into such Ports as shall be approved of by the Lords of the Treasury, and declared by Order in Council to be fit and proper for such Importation.

Hides, Skins, Horns or Hoofs, or any other Part of Cattle or Beast; His Majesty may, by Order in Council, prohibit, in order to prevent any contagious Distemper.

Or Molu; viz.

---- Articles manufactured wholly or partly of Or Molu;

except in the Ports of London, Plymouth, Bristol, Liverpool,

Hull, Newcastle, Leith, Greenock, Dublin, Cork and Belfast.

Parts of Articles; viz.

—. ---- Any distinct or separate Part of any Article not

accompanied by the other Part, or all the other Parts of such Article, so as to be complete and perfect, if such Article be subject to Duty according to the Value thereof.

Spirits not being perfumed or medicinal Spirits; viz.

---- All Spirits unless in Ships of 70 Tons or upwards.

— ---- Rum of nnd from the British Plantations, unless in Casks

containing not less than 20 Gallons, or in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles.

r- — — - All other Spirits, unless in Casks containing not less than FO Gallons, or in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles.

Tea j

6° GEO. IV.

INWARDS

PROHIBITIONS,

Forfeiture.

Goods may be warehoused for Exportation only, although prohibited.

Exceptions.

C. 107.

A.D. 1825.

Tea; unless from the Place of its Growth, and by the East India Company, and into the Port of London.

Tobacco and Snuff; viz,

---- unless in a Ship of the Burden of 120 Tons or

upwards.

---- and unless in Hogsheads, Casks, Chests or

Cases, each of which shall contain, of neat Tobacco or Snuff, at least lOOlbs. Weight if from the East Indies, or 450lbs. Weight if from any other Place; and not packed in Bags or Packages within any such Plogshead, Cask, Chest or Case nor separated, nor divided in any Manner whatever; except Tobacco of the Dominions of the Turkish Empire, which may be packed in inward Bags or Packages, or separated or divided in any Manner within the outward Package, provided such outward Package be a Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case, and contain 450 lbs. net at least.

---- and unless the particular Weight of Tobacco

or Snuff in each Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case, with the Tare of the same, be marked thereon.

— - - and unless into the Ports of London, Liverpool,

Bristol, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, Greenock, Leith, Newcastle upon Tyne, Plymouth, Belfast, Cork, Drogheda, Dublin, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Newry, Sligo, Waterford and Wexford.

---- but any Ship wholly laden with Tobacco may

come into the Ports of Cowes or Falmouth to wait for Orders, and there remain Fourteen Days, provided due Report of such Ship be made by the Master with the Collector or Controller of such Port.

Wine; viz.

---- — unless in a Ship of the Burthen of 60 Tons or upwards.

---- and in Casks containing not less than 21 Gallons, or in

Cases containing not less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles, except for private Use, and with Leave of the Commissioners of the Customs.

And all Goods from the Isle of Man, except such as be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture thereof.

And if any Goods shall be imported into the United Kingdom contrary to any of the Prohibitions or Restrictions mentioned in such Table in respect of such Goods, the same shall be forfeited.

LIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Goods of whatsoever Sort may be imported into the United Kingdom, to be warehoused under the Regulations of any Act in force for the Time being for the warehousing of Goods, without Payment of Duty at the Time of the First Entry thereof, or notwithstanding that such Goods may be'prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom to be used therein, except the several Sorts of Goods enumerated or described in Manner following; (that is to say,) Goods prohibited on Account of the Package in which they are contained, or the Tonnage of the Ship in which they are laden; Tea and Goods from China in other than British Ships, or by other Persons than the East India Company; Gun-pow'der, Arms, Ammunition or Utensils of War; dried or salted

Fish,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

Fish, not being Stock Fish; Beef, Pork or Bacon; infected Hides, Skins, Horns, Hoofs or an}' other Part of any Cattle or Beast; Counterfeit Coin or Tokens; Books first composed or written, or printed and published in the United Kingdom, and reprinted in any other Country or Place; Copies of Prints first engraved, etched, drawn or designed in the United Kingdom; Copies of Casts of Sculptures or Models first made in the United Kingdom; Clocks or Watches impressed with any Mark or Stamp, appearing to be or to represent any legal British Assay Mark or Stamp, or purporting, by any Mark or Appearance, to be of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or not having the Name and Place of Abode of some Foreign Maker abroad visible on the Frame and also on the Face, or not being in a complete State, with all the Parts properly fixed in the Case.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if by reason of the Sort of any Goods, or of the Place from whence, or the Country or Navigation of the Ship in which any Goods have been imported, they be such, or be so imported, as that they may not be used in the United Kingdom, they shall not be entered, except to be warehoused; and it shall be declared upon the Entry of such Goods, that they are entered to be warehoused for Exportation only.

LV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of Customs should have full Cognisance of all Ships departing from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man,

for Parts beyond the Seas, and of all Goods taken out of the United Kingdom or out of the Isle of Man; and it is therefore necessary to make Regulations for the entering and clearing outwards of all such Ships, and for the entering, clearing and shipping of all such Goods Be it therefore enacted, That no Goods shall be shipped, or waterborne to be shipped on board any Ship, in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, to be carried to Parts beyond the Seas, before due Entry outwards of such Ship, and due Entry of such Goods shall have been made and Cocket granted, nor before such Goods shall have been duly cleared for Shipment, in Manner hereinafter directed; and that no Stores shall be shipped for the Use of any such Ship bound to Parts beyond the Seas, nor shall any Goods be deemed or admitted to be such Stores, except such as shall be borne upon the Victualling Bill duly granted for such Ship; and that no Goods shall be so shipped, or waterborne to be so shipped, except at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, and by such Persons, and under the Care of such Officers, as is and are hereinafter directed; and all Goods and Stores which shall be shipped or be waterborne to be shipped contrary hereto shall be forfeited.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, on board of which any Goods or Stores shall have been shipped in any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, for Parts beyond the Seas, shall depart from such Port until such Ship shall have been duly cleared outwards for her intended Voyage, in Manner hereinafter directed, under Forfeiture of the Sum of One hundred Pounds by the Master of such Ship.

LVJX. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every

Ship

715

OUTWARDS.

General Provision.

Certain Goods not to be entered but to be warehoused, and for Exportation only

Goods not shipped till Entry of Ship and Goods and Cocket granted; nor till cleared.

Victualling Bill for Stores.

Proper Times and Places and Officers; or forfeited. Penalty.

Ships to be cleared, Penalty on Master. Victualling Bill for Stores.

C. 107.

6JGEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

OUTWARDS.

General Fro vision

Ships Entry.

Master to deliver Certificate of Clearance of last Voyage and to make Entry outwards.

Particulars of Entry.

Penalty.

Proviso as to lading heavy Goods before Cargo discharged.

Entry of Goods.

Bill of Entry delivered.

Particulars.

Payment of Duties.

Ship which is to depart from any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, for Parts beyond the Seas, shall, upon due Application made by him, receive from the Searcher a Victualling Bill for the Shipment of such Stores as he shall require, and as shall be allowed by the Collector and Controller for the Use of such Ship, according to the Voyage upon which she is about to depart; and that no Articles taken on board any Ship shall be deemed to be Stores, except such as shall be borne upon the Victualling Bill for the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship in which any Goods are to be exported from the United Kingdom, or from the Isle of Many to Parts beyond the Seas, shall, before any Goods be taken on board, deliver to the Collector or Controller a Certificate from the proper Officer of the Clearance inwards or coastwise of such Ship of her last Voyage, specifying what Goods, if any, have been reported inwards for Exportation, and shall also deliver to the Collector or Controller an Account, signed by the Master or his. Agent, of the Entry outwards of such Ship for her intended Vo}'age, setting forth the Name and Tonnage of the Ship, the Name of the Place to which she belongs if a British Ship, or of the Country if a Foreign Ship, the Name of the Master, and the Name or Names of the Place or Places for which she is bound, if any Goods are to be shipped for the same, and the Name of the Place in such Port at which she is to take in her Lading for such Voyage, and if such Ship shall have commenced her Lading at some other Port, the Master shall state the Name of any Port at which any Goods have been laden, and shall produce a Certificate from the Searcher that the Cockets for such Goods have been delivered to him; and the Particulars of such Account shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner as the Collector and Controller shall require; and such Account shall be the Entry outwards of such ship, and shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Collector, for the Information of all Parties interested; and if any Goods be taken on board any Ship before she shall have been entered outwards, the Master shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that where it shall become necessary to lade any heavy Goods on board any Ship before the whole of the inward Cargo is discharged, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller to issue a Stiffning Order for that Purpose, previous to the Entry outwards of the Ship.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Person entering outwards any Goods to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, from any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, shall deliver to the Collector or Controller a Bill of the Entry thereof, fairly written in Words at Length, expressing the Name of the Ship and of the Master, and of the Place to which the Goods are to be exported, and of the Person in whose Name the Goods are to be entered, and the Quantities and proper Denominations or Descriptions of the several Sorts of Goods, and shall pay down any Duties which may be due upon the Exportation of any such Goods; and such Person shall also deliver at the same Time One or more Duplicates of such Bill, in which all Sums and Numbers may be expressed in Figures; and the Particulars to 17 be

717

be contained in such Bill shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner, and the Number of such Duplicates shall be such, as the Collector and Controller shall require; and thereupon the Collector and Controller shall cause a Cocket to be written for such Goods, making it known that such Goods have been so entered; and every Cocket shall be signed by such Collector and Controller, and be delivered to the Person who shall have made such Entry, and such Person shall keep and be responsible for the proper Use of the same.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Drawback or Bounty be allowable upon the Exportation of any such Goods, or any Duty be payable thereon, or any Exemption from Duty claimed, or if any such Goods be exportable only according to some particular Rule or Regulation, or under some Restriction or Condition, or for some particular Purpose or Destination, such Goods shall be entered and cleared for Shipment by such Denominations or Descriptions as are used, mentioned or referred to in the granting of such Drawback or Bounty, or in the levying of such Duty, or granting such Exemption or in the directing, of such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Purpose or Destination; and if the Goods in such Entry are charged to pay Duty according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be stated in the Entry, and shall be affirmed by the Declaration of the Exporter or his known Agent, to be made upon the Entry, and attested by his Signature; and if any Person shall make such Declaration, not being the Exporter of such Goods, nor his Agent duly authorized by him, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and such Declaration shall be made in Manner and Form following, and shall be binding upon the Person making the same; (that is to say,)

1 J A.B. do hereby declare, That I am the Exporter of the ' Goods mentioned in this Entry, [or, that I am duly authorized ' by him,] and I do enter the same at the Value of Witness my Hand, the Day of (A.B.f

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon Examination it shall appear to the Officers of the Customs that such Goods are not valued according to the true Value thereof, the same may be detained and (within Two Days) taken and disposed of for the Benefit of the Crown, in like Manner as is hereinbefore provided in respect of Goods imported; except that no Sum in Addition to the Amount of the Valuation, and the Duties paid, shall be paid to the Exporter or Proprietor of the Goods.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Person intending to enter outwards any Foreign Goods for Drawback, or any Foreign Goods which are to be exported from the Warehouse, or any Foreign Goods upon which the Duties inwards are required to have been paid before the same be exported, shall first deliver to the Collector or Controller of the Port where such Goods were imported or are warehoused, Two or more Bills, as the Case may require, of the Particulars of the Importation of such Goods, and of the Entry outvrards intended to be made; and thereupon such Collector and Controller, finding such Bills to agree with the Entry inwards, shall write off such Goods

from

OUTWARD*.

Entry of Goods. Cocket.

Person entering Goods responsible for Cocket.

Goods for Drawback or Bounty;

Duty Goods;

Goods under Restriction; Ad valorem Goods.

Declaration of Value. Penalty.

Form of Declaration.

Goods undervalued detained,

Foreign Goode entered.

Manner of Entry.

Certificate

inwards.

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Entry of Goods.

Particulars of Certificate.

Proviso.

Clearance of Goods.

Packages endorsed on Cucket.

Particulars.

Coals Exported Bond to Isle of Man and British Possessions.

Certificate.

Goods not cleared, forfeited.

Cocket endorsed.

from the same, and shall issue a Certificate of such Entry for warehousing or Payment of Duties, as the Case may be, with such Particulars thereof as shall be necessary for the Computation of the Drawback allowable on such Goods, or for the due Delivery thereof from the Warehouse, and setting forth in such Certificate the Destination of the Goods, and the Person in whose Name they are to be entered for Exportation, and also the Ship in which they are to be exported, if they are to be exported from the Port where such Certificate is issued, but if from another Port, then only the Name of such other Port; and such Certificate, together with Two or more Bills of the same, as the Case may require, in which all Sums and Numbers may be expressed in Figures, being delivered to the Collector or Controller of the Port from which the Goods are to be exported, shall be the Entry outwards of such Goods; and such Collector and Controller shall thereupon cause a Cocket to be written and delivered for such Goods, in Manner hereinbefore directed.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Cocket shall be granted for the Exportation of any Coals to the Isle of Man, or to any British Possession, until the Exporter thereof shall have given Security by Bond in a penal Sum of Forty Shillings the Chaldron, with Condition that the same shall be landed at the Place for which they shall be exported, or otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs; and also with Condition to produce (within such Time as the said Commissioners shall require to be expressed in such Bond) a Certificate of the Landing of such Coals at such Place, under the Hand of the Collector or Controller, or other proper Officer at such Place: Provided always, that the Bond so to be given in respect of Coals shall not be liable to any Duty of Stamps.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That before any Part of the Goods for which any Cocket shall have been granted shall be shipped, or waterborne to be shipped, the same shall be duly cleared for Shipment with the Searcher; and before any Goods be cleared for Shipment, the Particulars of the Goods for each Clearance shall be endorsed on such Cocket, together with the Number and Denomination or Description of the respective Packages containing the same; and in the Margin of each such Endorsement shall be delineated the respective Marks and Numbers of such Packages; and to each such Endorsement shall be subjoined, in Words at Length, an Account of the total Quantities of each Sort of Goods intended in such Endorsement, and the total Number of each Sort of Package in which such Goods are contained, distinguishing such Goods, if any, as are to be cleared for any Bounty, or Drawback of Excise or Customs, and also such Goods, if any, as are subject to any Duty on Exportation, or entitled to any Exemption from such Duty, and also such Goods, if any, as can only be exported by virtue of some particular Order or Authority, or under some particular Restriction or Condition, or for some particular Purpose or Destination; and all Goods shipped, or waterborne to be shipped, not being duly cleared as aforesaid, shall be forfeited.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Person clearing such Goods for Shipment shall, upon each Occasion, produce the 13 Cocket

719

Cocket so endorsed to the Searcher, and shall also deliver a Shipping Bill or Copy of such Endorsement, referring by Names and Date to the Cocket upon which such Endorsement is made, and shall obtain the Order of the Searcher for the Shipment of such Goods; and the Particulars to be contained in such Endorsement, and in such Shipping Bill, shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner as the Collector and Controller shall require.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Searcher and Coastwaiter in any Port to permit any Quantity of Coals or of Slates, duly entered and cleared for Exportation, to be shipped directly by Transhipment out of any coasting Ship in which the same shall have been brought coastwise into such Port, and without Payment of any Coast Duty thereon.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Coals shall have been brought Coastwise from one Port of the United Kingdom to another, and the Master shall be minded to proceed with such Coals or any Part of them to Parts beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for such Master to enter such Ship and such Coals outwards for the intended Voyage without first landing the Coals intended for Exportation, and without paying the Coast Duty thereon; provided the Officers of the Customs shall be satisfied that the Quantity of Coals left on board, added to any which may have been landed, does not exceed the Quantity set forth in the Transire for the same.

LXVIII. And in order that correct Accounts may be taken ' of the Value of the Exports of Free Goods, ' Be it further enacted, That upon the Clearance for Shipment of any Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, not liable to any Export Duty, an Account, containing an accurate Specification of the Quantity, Quality and Value of such Goods, together with a Declaration to the Truth of the same, signed by the Exporter, or his known Agent, shall be delivered to the Searcher by the Person clearing such Goods; and if such Declaration be false, the Person signing the same shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and that it shall be lawful for the Searcher to call for the Invoice, Bills of Parcels, and such other Documents relating to the Goods, as he may think necessary for ascertaining the true Value of the same: Provided always, that if such Exporter or Agent shall make and sign an Affidavit before the Collector or Controller, that the Value of the Goods cannot be ascertained in Time for the Shipment of the same, and such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Searcher at the Time of Clearance, a further Time of Three Months shall be allowed for the Delivery of such separate Shipping Bill, on Failure whereof such Exporter or Agent shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback of Excise shall be allowed upon any Goods so cleared, unless the Person intending to claim such Drawback shall have given due Notice to the Officer of Excise, in Form and Manner required by any Law in force relating to the Excise, and shall have obtained and have produced to the Searcher at the Time of clearing such Goods a proper Document under the Hand of the Officer of Excise, containing the necessary Description of the Goods for which such

Drawback

OUTWARDS.

Clearance of Goods.

Shipping Bill. Order for Shipment.

Coals, &c. for Exportation may be transhipped.

Coals brought coastwise may be exported without Payment of Coast Duty.

Export of Free Goods.

Account of Value to be delivered to the Searcher.

Signing false

Declaration.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Goods for Excise Drawback.

Notice to Officer.

Excise Order to Searcher.

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV.

OUTWARDS.

Clearance of Goods.

Shipment

certified.

Officer of Excise may attend' Examination.

Goods for Duty, Bounty or Drawback, &c. brought for Shipment. Forfeiture.

Searcher may open Package;

if correct, must repack.

Clearance of Ship.

Content to be delivered to Searcher.

Particulars.

Cockets to be delivered by Shippers to Searcher to be filed.

Master to swear to Content.

A .D 1825.

Drawback is to be claimed; and if the Goods to be cleared and shipped under the Care of the Searcher shall, upon Examination, be found to correspond in all Respects with the Particulars of the Goods contained in such Document, and such Goods shall be duly shipped and exported, the Searcher shall, if required, certify such Shipment upon such Document, and shall transmit the same to the Officer of Excise.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise to attend and assist at such Examination, and to mark or seal the Packages, and to keep joint Charge of the same, together with the Searcher, until the same shall have been finally delivered by him into the sole Charge of the Searcher, to be shipped and exported under his Care.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, which are subject to any Duty or Restriction in respect of Exportation, or if any Goods, which are to be shipped for any Drawback or Bounty, shall be brought to any Quay, Wharf or other Place, to be shipped for Exportation, and such Goods shall not agree with the Endorsement on the Cocket, or with the Shipping Bill, the same shall be forfeited; and if any Goods prohibited to be exported be found in any Package brought as aforesaid, such Package and every Thing contained therein shall be forfeited.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Searcher to open all Packages, and fully to examine all Goods shipped or brought for Shipment at any Place in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man; and if the Goods so examined shall be found to correspond in all Respects with the Cocket and Clearance purporting to be for the same, such Goods shall be repacked at the Charge of such Searcher, who may be allowed such Charge by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they shall see fit so to do.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Ship shall be cleared outwards at any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, for Parts beyond the Seas, with any Goods shipped on board the same in such Port, the Master shall deliver a Content of such Ship to the Searcher, setting forth the Name and Tonnage of such Ship, and the Place or Places of her Destination, and the Name of the Master, and also an Account of the Goods shipped on board, and of the Packages containing such Goods, and of the Marks and Numbers upon such Packages, and a like Account of the Goods on board, if any, which had been reported inwards for Exportation in such Ship, so far as any of such Particulars can be known by him; and also, before the Clearance of such Ship, the Cockets, with the Endorsements and Clearances thereon for the Goods shipped, shall be finally delivered by the respective Shippers of such Goods to the Searcher, who shall file the same together, and shall attach with a Seal a Label to the File, showing the Number of Cockets contained in the File, and shall compare the Particulars of the Goods in the Cockets with the Particulars of the Goods in such Content, and shall attest the Correctness thereof by his Signature on the Label and on the Content; and the Master of the Ship shall make Oath before the Collector or Controller to the Truth of such Content; and shall also answer upon Oath to the Collector or Controller such Questions concerning

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

721

Bill, and in Book.

File of Cockets and Victualling Bill delivered to Master.

cerning the Ship, the Cargo and the intended Voyage, as shall be outwards.

demanded of him; and thereupon the Collector or Controller ----

shall clear such Ship for her intended Voyage, and shall notify Clea<g^e such Clearance and the Date thereof upon the Content, and upon the Label to the File of Cockets, and upon the Victualling Bill, clearance noti-and also in the Book of Ships' Entries outwards, for the Inform- fiedon Content, ation of all Parties interested; and shall transmit the Content, and on File, and on the Cockets, and the Victualling Bill to the Searcher; and the Victualing Particulars to be contained in such Content shall be written and ' anA arranged in such Form and Manner as the Collector and Controller shall require.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the File of Cockets and the Victualling Bill shall thereupon be delivered by the Searcher to the Master of such Ship, at such Station within the Port, and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for that Purpose; and such File of Cockets and Victualling Bill so delivered shall be kept by the Master of such Ship, as the Authority for departing from the Port with the several Parcels and Packages of Goods and of Stores on board, so far as they shall agree with the Particulars in the Endorsements on such Cockets, or with such Victualling Bill.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship is to depart In Ballast, in Ballast from the United Kingdom, or from the Isle of Man, for Parts beyond the Seas, having no Goods on board except the Stores of such Ship borne upon the Victualling Bill, or any Goods reported inwards for Exportation in such Ship, the Master of such Ship shall, before her Departure, answer upon Oath to the Col- Master to an-lector or Controller such Questions touching her Departure and swer on Oath. Destination as shall be demanded of him; and thereupon the Collector or Controller shall clear such Ship in Ballast, and shall Clearance noti-notify such Clearance and the Date thereof on the Victualling Bill, ., yictJJal- and also in the Book of Ships' Entries outwards, for the Inform- ^Book ation of all Parties interested; and such Victualling Bill shall be kept by the Master of such Ship as the Clearance of the same.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if there be on board Part of former any Ship any Goods of the inward Cargo which were reported for Cargo reported Exportation in the same, the Master shall, before Clearance out- forExPort-wards of such Ship from any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, deliver to the Searcher a Copy of the Report inwards of such Goods, certified by the Collector and Controller; and such Cop3 ', being found to correspond with the Goods so remaining on board, shall be the Authority to the Searcher to pass such Ship with such Goods on board; and being signed by the Searcher, and filed with the Cockets, shall be the Clearance of the Ship for those Goods.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Passengers are if any Passen-to depart in any Ship from the United Kingdom, or from the Isle gers, Master

of Man, for Parts beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for the may enter Bag-

Master of such Ship to pass an Entry and to receive a Cocket in his Name for the necessary personal Baggage of all such Passengers, and duly to clear such Baggage for Shipment in their Behalf, stating in such Clearances the Particulars of the Packages, and the Names of the respective Passengers; and if such (Ship is Ship with Bag-

6 Geo. IV. 3 A to gage only

Copy of Report to be the Clearance.

gage in his Name.

722

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Outwards.

Clearance of Ship.

deemed to be in JSallast.

Exception.

In Ballast.

Master may enter Goods for Use of Self and Crew.

Privilege; to Master, Mate,

Crew.

Master to clear Goods.

Ship deemed in Ballast.

Exception.

Officers may board Ship after Clearance.

Regulation as to Goods and Cockets.

Penalty on Master.

Penalty.

Ships to bring to at Stations.

to take no other Goods than the necessary personal Baggage of Passengers actually going the Voyage, it shall be lawful for such Master to enter such Ship outwards in Ballast for Passengers only; and if no other Goods than such Baggage, duly entered and cleared, be taken on board such Ship, the same shall be deemed to be a Ship in Ballast, notwithstanding such Baggage, and shall be described in the Clearance, on the Content, and on the Label to the Cocket or Cockets, and on the Victualling Bill, and in the Book of Ships' Entries, as a Ship cleared in Ballast, except as to the necessary personal Baggage of Passengers going the Voyage, LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Master and Crew of any Foreign Ship which is to depart in Ballast from the United Kingdom for Parts beyond the Seas, shall be desirous to take on board Chalk Rubbish by way of Ballast, to take with them for their private Use any small Quantities of Goods of British Manufacture, it shall be lawful for such Master, without entering such Ship outwards, to pass an Entry in his Name, and receive a Cocket free of any Export Duty for all such Goods, under the general Denomination of British Manufactures not prohibited to be exported, being for the Use and Privilege of the Master and Crew, and not being of greater Value than in the Proportion of Twenty Pounds for the Master, and Ten Pounds for the Mate, and Five Pounds for each of the Crew, and stating that the Ship is in Ballast .; and the Master shall duly clear such Goods for Shipment in Behalf of himself and Crew, stating in such Clearances the Particulars of the Goods and Packages, and the Names of the Crew who shall jointly or severally take any of such Goods under this Privilege; and such Ship shall be deemed to be a Ship in Ballast, and be cleared as such, and without a Content, notwithstanding such Goods, or such Cocket or Cockets; and such Clearance shall be notified by the Collector or Controller on the Label to the Cocket or Cockets, and on the Victualling Bill, and in the Book of Ships' Entries, as a Clearance in Ballast, except as to the Privilege of the Master and Crew.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to go on board any Ship after Clearance outwards, within the Limits of any Port in the United Kingdom or in the Isle of Man, or within Four Leagues of the Coast thereof, and to demand the File of Cockets, and the Victualling Bill; and if there be any Goods or Stores on board not contained in the Endorsements on the Cockets, nor in the Victualling Bill, such Goods or Stores shall be forfeited; and if any Goods contained in such Endorsements be not on board, the Master shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Package or Parcel of Goods contained in such Endorsements and not on board; and if any Cocket be at any Time falsified, the Person who shall have falsified the same, or who shall have wilfully used the same, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Ship departing from any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, shall bring to at such Stations within the Port as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Landing of Officers from such Ships, or for further Examination previous to such Departure.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

LXXXI. And be it farther enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, unless such Goods shall have been entered in the Name of the Person who was the real Owner thereof at the Time of Entry and Shipping, or of the Person who had actually purchased and shipped the same, in his own Name and at his own Liability and Risk, on Commission, according to the Practice of Merchants, and who was and shall have continued to be entitled in his own Right to such Drawback or Bounty, except in the Cases hereinafter provided for.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That such Owner or Commission Merchant shall make Oath upon the Debenture that the Goods mentioned therein have been actually exported, and have not been relanded, and are not intended to be relanded in any Part of the United Kingdom, nor in the Isle of Man, (unless entered for the Isle of Man.) nor in the Islands of Faro or Ferro, and that he was the real Owner thereof at the Time of Entr}^ and Shipping, or that he had purchased and shipped the said Goods in his own Name, and at his own Liability and Risk, on Commission, as the Case may be, and that he was and continued to be entitled to the Drawback or Bounty thereon in his own Right: Provided always, that if such Owner or Merchant shall not have purchased the Right to such Drawback or Bount}^ he shall declare under his Hand upon the Entry, and in his Oath upon the Debenture, the Person who is entitled thereto; and the Name of such Person shall be stated in the Cocket, and in the Debenture; and the Receipt of such Person on the Debenture shall be the Discharge for such Drawback or Bounty.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Owner or Merchant shall be resident in some Part of the United Kingdom, being more than Twenty Miles from the Custom House of the Port of Shipment, he may appoint any Person to be his Agent to make and pass his Entry, and to clear and ship his Goods, and to receive for him the Drawback or Bounty payable on his Debenture, if payable to him, provided the Name of such Agent and the Residence of such Owner or Merchant be subjoined to the Name of such Owner or Merchant in the Entry and in the Cocket for such Goods; and such Agent being duly informed shall make Declaration upon the Entry, if any be necessary, and shall also make Oath upon the Debenture, in Behalf of such Owner or Merchant, to the Effect before required of such Owner or Merchant, and shall answer upon Oath such Questions, touching his Knowledge of the Exportation of such Goods and the Property therein, and of the Right to the Drawback or Bounty, as shall be demanded of him by the Collector or Controller; and if any such Goods be exported by any Corporation or Company trading by a Joint Stock, it shall be lawful for them to appoint any Person to be their Agent for the like Purposes, and with the like Powers to act in their Behalf.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which are to be exported for Drawback be the Property of any Person residing abroad, having been consigned by the Owner thereof to some Person as his Agent residing in the United Kingdom, to be exported through the same to Parts beyond the Seas, by such

3 A 2 Agent,

723

OUTWARDS,

Debenture

Goods.

Entry in Name of real Owner; or of Commission Merchant.

Oath to Exportation, Property Right to Drawback and Bounty.

Proviso, if Drawback, &c. not purchased.

Agent may pass Entry, and receive Drawback, and make the Oath, and answer Questions for Owner not resident.

Joint Stock Company.

Property of Persons abroad consigned here to an Agent, and exported

724

C. 107.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

OUTWARDS.

Debenture

Goods.

by him on account of Owner. Shipment within Three Years, and Payment within Two.

Damaged Goods no Drawback.

Forfeiture and Penalty. Issuing and passing Debenture.

Guernsey, &c. Certificate of Landing.

Press packing, and Oath of Packer.

Agent, upon Account of such Owner, it shall be lawful for such Person, (being the Consignee by whom and in whose Name the Duties inwards on such Goods had been paid or his legal Representative,) in like Manner, as Agent for such Owner, to enter, clear and ship such Goods for him, and upon like Conditions to receive for him the Drawback payable thereon.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, unless such Goods be shipped within Three Years after the Payment of the Duties inwards thereon; and that no Debenture for any Drawback or Bounty allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, shall be paid after the Expiration of Two Years from the Date of the Shipment of such Goods; and that no Drawback shall be allowed upon any Goods which, by reason of Damage or Decay, shall have become of less Value for Home Use than the Amount of such Drawback; and all Goods so damaged which shall be cleared for any Drawback shall be forfeited; and the Person who caused such Goods to be so cleared shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or Treble the Amount of the Drawback in such Case, at the Election of the Commissioners of the Customs.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of computing and paying any Drawback or Bounty payable upon any Goods duly entered, shipped and exported, a Debenture shall, in due Time after such Entry, be prepared by the Collector and Controller, certifying in the first Instance the Entry outwards of such Goods; and so soon as the same shall have been duly exported, and a Notice containing the Particulars of the Goods shall have been delivered by the Exporter to the Searcher, the Shipment and Exportation thereof shall be certified to the Collector and Controller, upon such Debenture, by the Searcher; and the Debenture shall thereupon be computed and passed with all convenient Dispatch, and be delivered to the Person entitled to receive the same.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed for any Goods exported from the United Kingdom to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or the Isle of Man, until a Certificate shall be produced from the Collector and Controller of the Customs of the Isle of Man, or from the Register of Certificates or other Chief Officer of the Customs in Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, of the due Landing of such Goods.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed for any Goods exported from the United Kingdom in Bales cleared as being Press packed, unless the Quantities and Qualities of the Goods in each of such Bales shall be verified by the Master Packer thereof, or in case of unavoidable Absence, by the Foreman of such Packer, having Knowledge of the Contents of the Bales, by Oath made and subscribed upon the Cocket before the Collector or Controller; or if such Packer reside more than Ten Miles from the Port, then by Oath made and subscribed, upon an Account of such Goods, before a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Packer shall reside; and if such Bales be not cleared as being Press packed, then the Searcher having opened any such Bale shall not be required to repack the same at his Charge.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

725

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Goods cleared for Drawback or Bounty, or from the Warehouse, shall be carried waterborne, to be put on board any Ship for Exportation from the United Kingdom, by any Person, unless such Person shall be authorized for that Purpose by Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Customs; and that, before granting such Licence, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require such Security by Bond for the faithful and incorrupt Conduct of such Person, as they shall deem necessary; and that, after granting such Licence, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to revoke the same, if the Person to whom the same shall have been granted shall be convicted of any Offence against the Laws relating to the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that all such Licences, which shall be in force at the Time of the Commencement of this

OUTWARDS.

Debenture Goods.

Licensed Lightermen only to ship Debenture or warehoused Goods.

Commissioners may grant Licence, and require Bond.

Act, shall continue in force as if the same had been afterwards granted under the Authority of this Act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which have Licences in been taken from the Warehouse to be exported from the same, or fomi any Goods which have been cleared to be exported for any Draw- Warehouse or back or Bounty, shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Debenture Seas, or shall be relanded in any Part of the United Kingdom, Goods not ex-(such Goods not having been duly relanded or discharged as short orrifre-

shipped under the Care of the proper Officers,) or shall be landed £*3 to* in the Islands of Faro or Ferro, or shall be carried to the Islands Guernsey, &c. of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man (not having been duly without Entry, entered, cleared and shipped to be exported directly to such forfeited. Island), the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship from or by which the same had been so relanded, landed or carried, and any other Ship, Vessel, Boat or Craft which may have been used in so relanding, landing or carrying such Goods; and any Person by whom or by whose Orders or Means such Goods shall have been so taken or cleared, or so relanded, landed or carried, shall forfeit a Sum equal to Treble the Value of such Goods. Penalty.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That a Drawback of the whole Drawback of of the Duties of Customs shall be allowed for Wine intended for Duties on Wine the Consumption of Officers of His Majesty's Navy, on board such alloy?ed for of His Majesty's Ships in actual Service as they shall serve in, not Officersm tie exceeding the Quantities of Wine, in any one Year, for the Use of avy* such Officers, hereinafter respectively mentioned; (that is to say,)

GALLONS.

For every Admiral ---- 1260

---- Vice Admiral ---- 1050

---- Rear Admiral - 84-0

---- Captain of the First and Second Rate - - 630

---- Captain of the Third, Fourth and Fifth Rate - 420

---- Captain of an Inferior Rate - 210

---- Lieutenant and other Commanding Officer,)

and for every Marine Officer - j- 05

Provided always, that such Wine be shipped only at one of the Ports hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, London, Rochester, Deal, Dover, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Yarmouth, Falmouth, Belfast, Dublin, Cork, Leith or Glasgow.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Person entering such Wine and claiming the Drawback for the same, shall state in the

Proviso as to Port of Shiping.

Oath by Persons entering such Wine for

Drawback, .

726

C. 107.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

OUTWARDS.

Debenture Goods.

Officers leaving the Service, Sec. such Wine permitted to be transferred to others.

Wine unduly laden, forfeited.

Pursers of His Majesty's Ships of War may ship Tobacco for Use of Crew free of Duty, on giving Bond.

Purser removed from one Ship to another may tranship Tobacco with Permission of Collector.

Proviso.

Entry, and declare upon Oath on the Debenture, the Name of the Officer for whose Use such Wine is intended, and of the Ship in which he serves; and such Wine shall be delivered into the Charge of the Officers of the Customs at the Port of Shipment, to be secured in the King's Warehouse until the same shall be shipped under their Care; and such Officers having certified upon the Debenture the Receipt of the Wine into their Charge, the Debenture shall be computed and passed, and be delivered to the Person entitled to receive the same.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer shall leave the Service, or be removed to another Ship, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs, at any of the Ports before mentioned, to permit the Transfer of any such Wine from one Officer to another, as Part of his Proportion, whether on board the same Ship or another, or the Transhipment from one Ship to another for the same Officer, or the relanding and warehousing for future Reshipment; and it shall also be lawful for the Officers of Customs at any Port to receive back the Duties for any such Wine, and deliver the same for Home Use: Provided always, that if any of such Winebe not laden on board the Ship for which the same was intended, or be unladen from such Ship without Permission of the proper Officer of the Customs, the same shall be forfeited.

XCIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for ' suplying the Crews of His Majesty's Ships of War with Tobacco ' for their Use, without Payment of any Duty; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Purser of any of His Majesty's Ships of War in actual Service, to enter and ship at the Ports of Rochester, Portsmouth or Plymouth, in the Proportions hereinafter mentioned, any Tobacco there warehoused in his Name or transferred into his Name, for the Use of the Ship in which he shall serve; provided such Purser shall deliver to the Collector or Controller of such Port a Certificate from the Captain of such Ship, stating the Name of the Purser and the Number of Men belonging to the Ship; and shall also give Bond, with One sufficient Surety, in Treble the Duties payable on the Tobacco, that no Part thereof shall be relanded in the United Kingdom, without Leave of the Officers of the Customs, or be landed in either of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Purser shall be removed from one Ship to another, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller of the Port where such Ships shall be, to permit the Transhipment of the Remains of any such Tobacco, for the Use of such other Ship, upon due Entry of such Tobacco by such Purser, setting forth the Time when and the Port at which such Tobacco wras first shipped; and if any such Ship shall be paid off, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller of any Port where such Ship shall be paid off, to permit the Remains of any such Tobacco to be landed, and to be entered by the Purser of such Ship, either for Payment of Duties, or to be warehoused for the Term of Six Months, for the Supply of some other such Ship, in like Manner as any Tobacco may be warehoused and supplied at either of the Ports before mentioned, or for Pa}'ment of all Duties within such Six Months: Provided always, that all Tobacco warehoused for the Purpose of so supplying His Majesty's

20 Ships

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

727

Ships of War, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act made outwards.

for the warehousing of Tobacco generally as far as the same are ----

applicable, and are not expressly altered by any of the Pro- ^Qoo^ds visions herein particularly made. '

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity of What Q, uan-such Tobacco shall be allowed to any Ship of War than Two tity uf Tobacco Pounds by the Lunar Month for each of the Crew of such Ship, allowed, nor shall any greater Quantity be shipped at any one Time than sufficient to serve the Crew of such Ship for Six Months after such Rate of Allowance; and the Collector and Controller of the Port at or from which any such Tobacco shall be supplied to any such Ship, or landed from any such Ship, or transferred from one such Ship to another, shall transmit a particular Account thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in order that a general Account may be kept of all the Quantities supplied to and consumed on board each of such Ships, under the Allowances before granted.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be put Times and off from any Wharf, Quay or other Place, or shall be waterborne Places for ship-in order to be exported, but only on Days not being Sundays or l)inS Goods. Holidays, and in the Daytime, that is to say, from the First Day of September until the last Day of March betwixt Sunrising and Sunsetting, and from the last Day of March until the First Day of September between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; nor shall any such Goods be then put off or waterborne for Exportation, unless in the Presence or with the Authority of the proper Officer of the Customs, nor except from a legal Quay appointed by FI is Majesty, or at some Wharf, Quay or Place appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the shipping of such Goods by Sufferance.

XCVIXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods liable to Exporting pro-Forfeiture for being shipped for Exportation shall be shipped and hibited Goods, exported without Discovery by the Officers of the Customs, the Penalty, Person or Persons who shall have caused such Goods to be exported shall forfeit Double the Value of such Goods.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Sorts of outwards. Goods enumerated or described in the Table following, (deno- prohibitions. minated " A Table of Prohibitions and Restrictions Outwards, ") T"7 —

shall be either absolutely prohibited to be exported from the United Solute or* Kingdom, or shall be exported only under the Restrictions men- modified, tioned in such Table, according as the several Sorts of such Goods are respectively set forth therein; (that is to say,)

CLOCKS and Watches; viz.

----. any outward or inward Box, Case or Dial Plate, of any

Metal, without the Movement in or with every such Box, Case or Dial Plate, made up fit for use, with the Clock or Watchmaker's Name engraven thereon.

Lace, viz.

---- any Metal inferior to Silver, which shall be spun, mixed,

wrought or set upon Silk, or which shall be gilt, or drawn

A TABLE OF PROHIBITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS OUTWARDS.

3 A F

into

728

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

OUTWARDS.

PROHIBITIONS.

into Wire, or flatted into Plate, and spun or woven, or wrought into or upon, or mixed with Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work or Buttons, made in the Gold or Silver Lace Manufactory, or set upon Silk, or made into Bullion Spangles, or Pearl, or any other Materials made in the Gold or Silver Lace Manufactory, or which shall imitate or be meant to imitate such Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work or Buttons; nor shall any Person export any Copper, Brass or other Metal which shall be silvered, or drawn into Wire, or flatted into Plate, or made into Bullion Spangles, or Pearl, or any other Materials used in the Gold or Silver Lace Manufactory, or in Imitation of such Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work or Buttons, or of any of the Materials used in making the same, and which shall hold more or bear a greater Proportion than Three Pennyweights of fine Silver to the Pound Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brass or other Metal.

---- any Metal inferior to Silver, whether gilt, silvered, stained

or coloured, or otherwise, which shall be worked up or mixed with Gold or Silver, in any Manufacture of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work or Buttons.

Tools and Utensils; viz.

---- any Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil or Instrument used in or proper for the preparing, working, pressing or finishing of the Woollen, Cotton, Linen or Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, or any other Goods wherein Wool, Cotton, Linen or Silk is used, or any Part of such Machines, Engines, Tools, Presses, Paper, Utensils or Instruments, or any Model or Plan thereof, or any Part thereof; except Wool Cards, or Stock Cards, not Worth above Four Shillings per Pair; and Spinners' Cards, not worth above One Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the Woollen Manufactures.

---- Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools or Utensils, commonly used

in or proper for the preparing, working up or finishing of the Calico, Cotton, Muslin or Linen Printing Manufactures, or any Part of such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools or Utensils.

---- Rollers, either plain, groved or of any other Form or Denomination, of Cast Iron, Wrought Iron or Steel, for the rolling of Iron or any Sort of Metals, and Frames, Beds, Pillars, Screws, Pinions and each and every Implement, Tool or Utensil thereunto belonging; Rollers, Slitters, Frames, Beds, Pillars and Screws for Slitting Mills; Presses of all Sorts in Iron and Steel, or (Tther Metals, which are used with a Screw exceeding One Inch and a Half in Diameter, or any Parts of these several Articles, or any Model of the before mentioned Utensils, or any Part thereof; all Sorts of Utensils, Engines or Machines used in the casting or boring of Cannon or any Sort of Artillery, or any Parts thereof, or any Models of Tools, Utensils, Engines or Machines used in such casting or boring, or any Parts thereof; Hand Stamps, Doghead Stamps, Pulley Stamps, Hammers and Anvils for Stamps; Presses of all Sorts, called Cutting out Presses; Beds or Punches to be used therewith, either in Parts or Pieces, or fitted together; scoring or shading Engines; Presses for Horn Buttons; Dies

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

729

for Horn Buttons; rolled Metal, with Silver thereon; Parts of Buttons not fitted up into Buttons, or in an unfinished State; Engines for chasing, Stocks for casting Buckles, Buttons and Rings; Die sinking Tools of all Sorts; Engines for making Button Shanks; Laps of all Sorts; Tools for Pinching of Glass; Engines for covering of Whips; Bars of Metal, covered with Gold or Silver, and burnishing Stones, commonly called Blood Stones, either in the rough State or finished for Use: Wire Moulds for making Paper; Wheels of Metal, Stone or Wood, for cutting, roughing, smoothing, polishing or engraving Glass; Purcellas, Pincers, Sheers and Pipes used in blowing Glass; Potters' Wheels and Lathes for plain, round and Engine turning; Tools used by Saddlers, Harness Makers and Bridle Makers, viz. Candle Strainers, Side Strainers, Point Strainers, Creasing Irons, Screw Creasures, Wheel Irons, Seat Irons, Pricking Irons, Bolstering Irons, Clams and Head Knives.

---- Frames for Making Wearing Apparel.

A LIST of GOODS which may be Prohibited to be Exported by Proclamation or Order in Council.

ARMS, Ammunition and Gunpowder.

Ashes, Pot and Pearl.

Military Stores and Naval Stores, and any Articles (except Copper) which his Majesty shall judge capable of being converted into, or made useful in increasing the Quantity of Military or Naval Stores.

Provisions, or any Sort of Victual which may be used as Food by Man. *

And if any Goods shall be exported, or be waterborne to be exported, from the United Kingdom, contrary to any Prohibitions or Restrictions mentioned in such Table in respect of such Goods, the same shall be forfeited.

4 C. And Whereas it is necessary to make Regulations for the Coasting Trade of the United Kingdom, and of the Isle of Man,

and that the Officers of the Customs should have Cognizance of all Ships carrying any Goods coastwise, from one Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Isle of Man, to another of the same,

and of all Goods so carried, in order that such Trade may be confined to British Ships, and that all Duties levied coastwise may be duly collected, and that the Laws for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to Parts beyond the Seas may not be evaded Be it therefore enacted, That all Trade by Sea from any one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, or from one Part of the Isle of Man to another thereof, shall be deemed to be a Coasting Trade, and all Ships while employed therein shall be deemed to be Coasting Ships; and that no Part of the United Kingdom, however situated with regard to any other Part thereof, shall be deemed in Law, with Reference to each other, to be Parts beyond the Seas, in any Matter relating to the Trade or Navigation, or Revenue of this Realm.

4 Cl. And Whereas some Parts of the Coast of the United Kingdotn may be so situated with regard to other neighbouring Parts

thereof,

OUTWARDS

PROHIBITIONS.

Goods unduly exported, &c. forfeited.

COASTWISE.

General

Regulation.

Trade by Sea from one Part of U. K. to another, deemed coastwise.

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

COASTWISE.

Treasury to regulate what deemed Trading by Sea.

Coasting Ship confined to coasting Voyage.

Penalty on Master.

Before Goods be laden or unladen, Notice of Intention, or of Arrival, to be given, and proper Documents to issue.

Particulars in Notice for unlading;

Notice for lading, what

thereof, that Doubts may arise in some Cases, whether the Passage between them by Water shall be deemed to be a Passage by Sea, within the Meaning of this Act; and that in other Cases, although such Passage be by Sea, it may be unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, or of any Act relating to the Customs, to subject Ships passing between such Places to the Restraints of Coast Regulations Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to determine and direct in what Cases the Trade by Water from any Place on the Coast of the United Kingdom to another of the same, shall or shall not be deemed a Trade by Sea within the Meaning of this Act or of any Act relating to the Customs.

CII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be carried in any Coasting Ship, except such as shall be laden to be so carried at some Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or at some Port or Place in the Ide of Man respectively; and that no Goods shall be laden on board any Ship to be carried coastwise, until all Goods brought in such Ship from Parts beyond the Seas shall have been unladen; and that if any Goods shall be taken into or put out of any Coasting Ship at Sea or over the Sea; or if any Coasting Ship shall touch at any Place over the Sea, or deviate from her Voyage, unless forced by unavoidable Circumstances; or if the Master of any Coasting Ship, which shall have touched at any Place over the Sea, shall not declare the same in Writing under his Hand to the Collector or Controller at the Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, where such Ship shall afterwards first arrive; the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be laden on board any Ship in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, to be carried coastwise, nor having been brought coastwise, shall be unladen in any such Port or Place from any Ship, until due Notice in Writing, signed by the Master, shall have been given to the Collector or Controller, by the Master, Owner, Wharfinger or Agent of such Ship, of the Intention to lade Goods on board the same to be so carried, or of the Arrival of such Ship with Goods so brought, as the Case may be; nor until proper Documents shall have been granted, as hereinafter" directed, for the lading or for the unlading of such Goods; and such Goods shall not be laden or unladen, except at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, and by such Persons, and under the Care of such Officers, as is and are hereinafter directed; and all Goods laden to be so carried, or brought to be so unladen, contrary hereto, shall be forfeited.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in such Notice shall be stated the Name and Tonnage of the Ship, and the Name of the Port to which she belongs, and the Name of the Master, and the Name of the Port to which she is bound or from which she has arrived, and the Name or Description of the Wharf or Place at which her Lading is to be taken in or discharged, as the Case may be; and such Notice shall be signed by the Master, Owner, Wharfinger or Agent of such Ship, and shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Collector for the Information of all Parties interested; and every such Notice for the unlading of any Ship or

Vessel,

AJ3.1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

731

Vessel shall be delivered within Twenty four Hours after the coastwise. Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, gt- to be paid by the Master of such Ship or Vessel; and in every. such Notice for the lading of any Ship or Vessel shall be stated the last Voyage on which such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived Certificate of at such Port; and if such Voyage shall have been from Parts be- Clearance, yond the Seas, there shall be produced with such Notice, a Certificate from the proper Officer of the Discharge of all Goods, if any, brought in such Ship, and of the due Clearance of such Ship or Vessel inwards of such Voyage.

CV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of any Regulations as Coasting Ship at any Port in Great Britain from Ireland, or atto Notice on any Port in Ireland from Great Britain, the Master of such Ship shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Arrival, attend and with ccrtaj^ deliver such Notice, signed by him, to the Collector or Control- Goods, ler; and if such Ship shall have on board any Goods subject on Arrival to any Duty of Excise, or any Goods which had been imported from Parts beyond the Seas, the Particulars of such Goods with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages containing the s me shall be set forth in such Notice; and if there shall be no such Goods on board, then it shall be declared in such Notice that no such Goods are on board; and the Master shall also answer on Questions to be Oath any Questions relating to the Voyage, as shall be demanded answered on of him by the Collector or Controller; and every Master who shall Oath, fail in due Time to deliver such Notice and truly to answer such penaltr Questions, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. x 1 '

CVI. And be it further enacted, That when due Notice shall After Notice of have been given to the Collector or Controller at the Port of ladjnS Goods Lading, of the Intention to lade Goods on board any Coasting .°"T g ^t_ Ship, such Collector or Controller shall grant a general Sufferance lector may grant for the iading of Goods (without specifying the same) on board a general Suf-such Ship, at the Wharf or Place which shall be expressed in ferance. such Sufferance; and such Sufferance shall be a sufficient Authority for the Lading of any Sort of Goods, except such, if any, as shall be expressly accepted therein: Provided always, that before any Sufferance be granted for any Goods prohibited to be exported, or subject to any Export Duty, other than any ad valorem Duty, the Master or Owner of any such Ship, or the Shipper of such Goods, shall give Bond, with One sufficient Surety, in Treble Bond, the Value of the Goods, that the same shall be landed at the Port for which such Sufferance is required, or shall be otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Master of Coasting Ship shall keep or cause to be kept a Cargo Book of the Coasting Vessel same, stating the Name of the Ship, and of the Master, and of to kceP a the Port to which she belongs, and of the Port to which bound on Car£° Kook> each Voyage, and in which Book shall be entered, at the Port of Lading, an Account of all Goods taken on board such Ship, stating the Descriptions of the Packages, and the Quantities and Descriptions of the Goods therein, and the Quantities and Descriptions of any Goods stowed loose, and the Names of the respective Shippers and Consignees, as far as any of such Particulars shall be known to him; and in which Book at the Port of Discharge

COASTWISE.

and produce same to Officer.

False Entries in such Book.

Forfeitures.

Accounts of Foreign Goods, and of Goods subject to Coast Duty or Export Duty, to be delivered to Collector.

False Accounts. Penalty.

Transire to be delivered to Collector before Goods be unladen.

Goods subject to Duty on Arrival.

C. 107. GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

charge shall be noted the respective Days upon which any of such Goods be delivered out of such Ship, and also the respective Times of Departure from the Port of Lading, and of Arrival at any Port of Unlading; and such Master shall produce such Book for the Inspection of the Coastwaiter, or other proper Officer, so often as the same shall be demanded, and who shall be at liberty to make any Note or Remark therein; and if such Master shall fail correctly to keep such Book, or to produce the same; or if at any Time there be found on board such Ship any Goods not entered in the Cargo Book as laden, or any Goods noted as delivered; or if at any Time it be found that any Goods entered as laden, or any Goods not noted as delivered, be not on board, the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if, upon Examination at the Port of Lading, any Package entered in the Cargo Book as containing any Foreign Goods, shall be found not to contain such Goods, such Package, with its Contents, shall be forfeited; and if at the Port of Discharge any Package shall be found to contain any Foreign Goods which are not entered in such Book, such Goods shall be forfeited.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Coasting Ship shall depart from the Port of Lading, an Account, together with a Duplicate and Triplicate of the same, all fairly written and signed by the Master, shall be delivered to the Collector or Controller, and in such Account shall be set forth such Particulars as are required to be entered in the Cargo Book, of all Foreign Goods, and of all Goods subject to Coast Duty, and of all Goods subject to Export Duty (other than any ad valorem Duty), and of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour or Malt laden on board; and generally whether any other British Goods, or no other British Goods be laden on board, as the Case may be; or whether such Ship be wholly laden with British Goods, not being of any of the Descriptions before mentioned as the Case may be; and the Collector or Controller shall select and retain Two of such Accounts, and shall return the Third, dated and signed by him, and noting the Clearance of the Ship thereon, and such Account shall be the Clearance of the Ship for the Voyage, and the Transire for the Goods expressed therein; and the Collector and Controller shall transmit One of such Accounts to the Collector and Controller of the Port of Destination; and if any such Account be false, or shall not correspond with the Cargo Book, the Master shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods be unladen from any Coasting Ship at the Port of Discharge, the Master, Owner, Wharfinger or Agent of such Ship shall deliver the Transire to the Collector or Controller of such Port, who shall thereupon grant an Order for the unlading of such Ship at the Wharf or Place specified in such Order: Provided always, that if any of the Goods on board such Ship be subject to any Duty of Customs or Excise payable on Arrival coastwise at such Port., the Master, Owner, Wharfinger or Agent of such Ship, or the Consignee of such Goods, shall also deliver to the Collector or Controller a Bill of the Entry of the Particulars of such Goods, expressed in Words at Length, together with a Copy thereof, in which all Sums and Numbers may be expressed in Figures, and shall pay down all

Duties

6° GEO. IV. C. 107 *

733

Duties of Customs, or produce a Permit in respect of all Duties of Excise, which shall be due and payable on any of such Goods, as the Case may be, and thereupon the Collector and Controller shall grant an Order for the landing of such Goods, in the Presence or by the Authority of the Coast Waiter.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector and Controller, in the Cases hereinafter mentioned, to grant for any Coasting Ship a general Transire, to continue in force for any Time not exceeding One Year from the Date thereof, for the Lading of any Goods (except such Goods, if any, as shall be expressly excepted therein), and for the Clearance of the Ship in which the Goods shall be laden, and for the unlading of the Goods at the Place of Discharge; (that is to say,)

For any Ship regularly trading between Places in the River Severn Eastward of the Holmes:

For any Ship regularly trading between Places in the River Humber:

For any Ship regularly trading between Places in the Frith of Forth:

For any Ship regularly trading between Places to be named in the Transire, and carrying only Manure, Lime, Chalk, Stone, Gravel or any Earth, not being Fullers Earth:

Provided always, that such Transire shall be written in the Cargo Book hereinbefore required to be kept by the Masters of Coasting Ships: Provided also, that if the Collector and Controller shall at any Time revoke such Transire, and Notice thereof shall be given to the Master or Owner of the Ship, or shall be given to any of the Crew when on board the Ship, or shall be entered in the Cargo Book by any Officer of the Customs, such Transire shall become void, and shall be delivered up by the Master or Owner to the Collector or Controller.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better ascertaining and collecting of the Duties of Customs upon Coals, Culm or Cinders, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty Customs to appoint proper Persons to be Coal Meters in the Service of the Customs, in and for any Port in the United Kingdom; and such Meters shall measure or weigh all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought coastwise into such Port, and shall give to the Collector or Controller a Certificate under his Hand of the total Quantities of each unladen from such Ship; and if any such Meter shall give a false Certificate, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Coals, Culm or Cinders be landed without the Presence or Permission of a proper Meter, the same shall be forfeited, together with all Duties which may have been paid thereon: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect any Right of Appointment of any Meters possessed under any Law or Charter by any Corporate Body at the Time of the Commencement of this Act.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful in any Case and at all legal Times, for the Coast Waiter, and also for the Landing Waiter and for the Searcher, and for any other proper

COASTWISE.

Order for landing.

Collector in certain Cases may grant general Transire for Coasting Vessels,

To be writte it in Cargo Book.

Notice of reentering same.

Commissioners of Customs to appoint Coal Meters for any Port in the United Kingdom.

Penalty.

Proviso for other Rights.

Officer may go on board and examine Coasting Ships.

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

COASTWISE.

Times nnd Places for landing and shipping.

Carrying Goods prohibited or restrained by Proclamation.

CONSTRUCTION IN GENERAL.

Forfeited.

per Officer of the Customs, to go on board any Coasting Ship in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, or at any Period of her Voyage, and strictly to search such Ship, and to examine all Goods on board, and all Goods being laden or unladen, and to demand all Documents which ought to be on board such Ship.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be unshipped from any Ship arriving coastwise in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, and that no Goods shall be shipped, or waterborne to be shipped, in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, to be carried coastwise, but only on Days not being Sundays or Holidays, and in the Daytime, that is to say, from the First Day of September until the last Day of March betwixt Sun rising and Sun setting, and from the last Da}^ of March until the First Day of September between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; nor shall any such Goods be so unshipped, shipped or waterborne, unless in the Presence or with the Authority of the proper Officer of the Customs, nor unless at Places which shall be appointed or approved by the proper Officer of the Customs.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever tiny Goods, which may be prohibited to be exported by Proclamation or by Order in Council, under the Authority of this Act, shall be so prohibited, it shall be lawful in such Proclamation or Order in Council to prohibit or restrain the carrying of such Goods coastwise; and if any Spirits or any such Goods shall be carried coastwise, or shall be shipped or waterborne to be carried coastwise, contrary hereto, or to any such Prohibition or Restraint, the same shall be forfeited.

CXV. And in order to avoid the frequent Use of numerous Terms and Expressions in this Act, and in other Acts relating to the Customs, and to prevent any Misconstruction of the Terms and Expressions used therein Be it further enacted, That

Of Terms used whenever the several Terms or Expressions following shall occur in Acts. in this Act or in any other Act relating to the Customs, the

same shall be construed respectively in the Manner hereinafter directed; (that is to say,) That the Term Ship" shall be construed to mean Ship or Vessel generally, unless such Term shall be used to distinguish a Ship from Sloops, Brigantines and other Classes of Vessels; that the Term Master" of any Ship shall be construed to mean the Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship; that the Term Owners" and the Term Owner" of any Ship shall be construed alike to mean One Owner, if there be only One, and any or all the Owners if there be more than One; that the Term Mate" of any Ship shall be construed to mean the Person next in Command of such Ship to the Master thereof; that the Term Seaman" shall be construed to mean alike Seaman, Mariner, Sailor or Landsman, being one of the Crew of any Ship; that the Term 44 British Possession'' shall be construed to mean Colony, Plantation, Island, Territory or Settlement belonging to His Majesty; that the Term His Majesty" shall be construed to mean His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; that the Term East India Company" shall be construed to mean the United Compaq' of Merchants of England trading to the Easf

Indies;

Ship.

Master.

Owner or Owners.

Mate.

Seaman.

British

Possession.

His Majesty. E. I. Company.

6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

735

Indies; that the Term " Limits of the East India Company's construction Charter" shall be construed to mean all Places and Seas Eastward IN general. of the Cape of Good Hope to the Straits of Magellan; that the Charte"

Terms " Collector and Controller" shall be construed to mean the Collector and Collector and Controller of the Customs of the Port intended Controller, in the Sentence; that whenever Mention is made of any public Officer, the Officer mentioned shall be deemed to be such Officer Officer, for the Time being; that the Term Warehouse" shall be con- Warehouse, strued to mean any Place, whether House, Shed, Yard, Timber Pond or other Place in which Goods entered to be warehoused upon Importation may be lodged, kept and secured without Payment of Duty, or although prohibited to be used in the United Kingdom; that the Term King's Warehouse" shall be construed King's Ware-, to mean any Place provided by the Crown for lodging Goods house, therein for Security of the Customs.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Island of Malta Malta in and its Dependencies shall be deemed to be in Europe. Europe.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties, Bounties general and Drawbacks of Customs shall be paid and received in every regulations.

Part of the United Kingdom and of the Isle of Man in British ----

Currency, and according to Imperial Weights and Measures; and Weights, Mea-that in all Cases where such Duties, Bounties and Drawbacks sures. Curare imposed and allowed according to any specific Quantity or rency, Manage-any specific Value, the same shall be deemed to apply in the same ment* Proportion to any greater or less Quantity or Value; and all such Duties, Bounties and Drawbacks shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds relating to Collector to the Customs, required to be given in respect of Goods or Ships, take Bonds in shall be taken by the Collector and Controller for the Use of His respect of Majesty; and after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date G°ods relating thereof, or of the Time, if any, limited therein for the Performance totie ustoms* of the Condition thereof, every such Bond upon which no Prosecution or Suit shall have been commenced shall be void, and may be cancelled and destroyed.

CXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that the Mode of ascertaining the Strengths and Quantities of Foreign Spirits imported into the United Kingdom, should at all Times be exactly similar to the Mode in Practice for ascertaining the Strengths and Quantities of Spirits made within the United Kingdom; Be it therefore enacted, That the same Instruments, and the same Tables Mode of ascer-and Scales of Graduation, and the same Pules and Methods, as tainingStrength the Officers of the Excise shall by any Law in force for the Time of Foreign being be directed to use, adopt and employ in trying and ascer- bPlnts-tabling the Strengths and Quantities of Spirits made within the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of computing and collecting the Duties of Excise payable thereon, shall be used, adopted and employed by the Officers of the Customs, in trying and ascertaining the Strengths and Quantities of Spirits imported into the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of computing and collecting the Duties of Customs payable thereon.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That no Ship shall be cleared Coal Owners from any Port, either for a Coasting or a Foreign Voyage, laden Certificates to° with any Coals or Culm which had not been previously brought Collector pvevi-

coastwise

736

C. 107-

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

GENERAL

REGULATIONS.

ous to Clearance for Foreign or Coasting Voyage. Penalty.

Officers of Customs to take Samples of Goods.

Time of an Importation and of an Exportation defined.

Arrival and Departure of a Ship defined.

Return of Duty overpaid.

Tonnage or Burthen of Ships declared.

coastwise into such Port, until the Fitter, or the Coal Owner or his Agent vending or shipping the same, shall have delivered to the Collector or Controller Two Certificates under his Hand, expressing the total Quantities of Coals, Culm and Cinders, respectively shipped or intended to be shipped by him in such Ship; and the Collector or Controller shall retain one of such Certificates, and shall deliver the other signed by him to the Master of the Ship; and every Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, who shall refuse to give such Certificates, or shall give a false Certificate, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the Master of such Ship shall keep such Certificate, and produce the same to any Officer of Customs demanding such Production, and shall, before Bulk be broken, deliver such Certificate to the Collector or Controller of any Port in the United Kingdom to which such Coals shall be carried in such Ship.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to take such Samples of any Goods as shall be necessary for ascertaining the Amount of any Duties payable on the same; and all such Samples shall be disposed of and accounted for in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall direct.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the first levjdng or repealing of any Duty, or upon the first granting or repealing of any Drawback or Bounty, or upon the first permitting or prohibiting of any Importation or Exportation, whether inwards, outwards or coastwise, in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, it shall be necessary to determine the precise Time at which an Importation or Exportation of any Goods made and completed shall be deemed to have had effect, such Time, in respect of Importation, shall be deemed to be the Time at which the Ship importing such Goods had actually come within the Limits of the Port at which such Ship shall in due Course be reported, and such Goods be discharged; and that such Time in respect of Exportation shall be deemed to be the Time at which the Goods had been shipped on board the Ship in which they had been exported; and that if such Question shall arise upon the Arrival or Departure of any Ship, in respect of any Charge or Allowance upon such Ship, exclusive of any Cargo, the Time of such Arrival shall be deemed to be the Time at which the Report of such Ship shall have been or ought to have been made; and the Time of such Departure shall be deemed to be the Time of the last Clearance of such Ship with the Collector and Controller for the Voyage upon which she had departed.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Duty of Customs shall have been overpaid, or if after any Duty of Customs shall have been charged and paid, it shall appear that the same had been charged under an erroneous Construction of the Law, it shall not be lawful to return any such Overcharge, unless the Right to the same shall have been acknowledged or judicially established, and unless the same be duly claimed within Three Years from the Date of such Payment.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Burthen of every British Ship within the Meaning of this Act, shall be the Tonnage set forth in the Certificate of Registry of such

Ship,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

G. 107.

737

Ship, and that the Tonnage or Burthen of every other Ship shall, general for the Purposes of this Act, be ascertained in the same Manner regulations. as the Tonnage of British Ships is ascertained. '

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for In what Case the Officers of Customs at any Port under British Dominion where Officers may there shall be a Collector and Controller of the Customs to refuse to admit any Person to do any Act at such Port as Master of any actas ^j^ter British Ship, unless his Name shall be inserted in or have been British Ship, endorsed upon the Certificate of Registry of such Ship, as being unless endorsed the Master thereof, or until his Name shall have been so endorsed on Register, by such Collector and Controller.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Falsifying counterfeit or falsify, or wilfully use when counterfeited or falsi- Documents, fied, any Entry, Warrant, Cocket or Transire, or other Document, for the unlading, lading, entering, reporting or clearing of any Ship or Vessel, or for the landing or shipping of any Goods,

Stores, Baggage or Article whatever, or shall by any false Statement procure any Writing or Document to be made for any of such Purposes, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, Penalty, that this Penalty shall not attach to any particular Offence for Proviso as to which any other Penalty shall be expressly imposed by any Law otller Penalties, in force for the Time being.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person Authority of an shall make any Application to any Officer of the Customs to trans- Agent may be act any Business on Behalf of any other Person, it shall be lawful re(luired-for such Officer to require of the Person so applying, to produce a written Authority from the Person on whose Behalf such Application shall be made; and in Default of the Production of such Authority, to refuse to transact such Business.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, and all Seizures.

Ships, Vessels and Boats, which by this Act or any Act at any Time in force relating to the Customs shall be declared to be forfeited, shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs; and ship to include such Forfeiture of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be deemed to Tackle, &c. include the Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture of the same; and such Forfeiture of any Goods shall be deemed to include the proper Package in which the same are contained: Provided always, Goods to in-that all Goods, the Importation of which is restricted, either on elude Package, account of the Packages or the Place from whence the same shall be brought or otherwise, shall be deemed and taken to be prohibited Goods; and if any such Goods shall be imported into the Goods restrict-United Kingdom other than to be legally deposited or warehoused ed, deemed for Exportation, the same shall be forfeited. prohibited.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Restoration of Ships, Vessels or Boats shall be seized as forfeited, or detained as seized Goods, undervalued, by virtue of any Act of Parliament relating to the Sh, Ps> Vessels Customs, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Commis° Customs to order the same to be restored, in such Manner and sioners of on such Terms and Conditions as they shall think fit to direct; and Customs, if the Proprietor of the same shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, he shall not have or maintain any Action for Recompence or Damage on account of 6 Geo. IV. 3 B such

738

C. 107.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

GENERAL

REGULATIONS,

Remission of Forfeitures and Penalties by Commissioners, on Proof of Innocence of Owners and Master.

No Action for

remitted

Penalty.

Ships not bringing to at Stations.

Penalty on Master.

Officers may be stationed in Ships in the Limits of any Port.

Accommodation of Officers. Penalty.

Power to Commissioners of Customs to charge Rent in K in g's_Warehouse.

Power to sell Goods not cleared from King's Warehouse.

such Seizure or Detention, and the Person making such Seizure shall not proceed in any Manner for Condemnation.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if an}?- Ship shall have become liable to Forfeiture on account of any Goods laden therein or unladen therefrom, or if the Master of any Ship shall have become liable to any Penalty on account of any Goods laden in such Ship or unladen therefrom, and such Goods shall be small in Quantity or of trifling Value, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, that such Goods had been laden or unladen contrary to the Intention of the Owners of such Ship, or without the Privity of the Master thereof, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit such Forfeiture, and also to remit or mitigate such Penalty, as they shall see reason to acquit such Master of all Blame in respect of such Offence, or more or less to attribute the Commission of such Offence to Neglect of Duty on his Part as Master of such Ship; and every Forfeiture and every Penalty or Part thereof so remitted shall be null and void, and no Suitor Action shall be brought or maintained by any Person whatever on account thereof.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship coming up or departing out of any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, shall not bring to at the proper Stations in such Port appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the boarding or landing of Officers of the Customs, the Master of such Ship shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and for the Collector and Controller of any Port under their Directions, to station Officers on board any Ship while within the Limits of any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man; and the Master of every Ship on board of which any Officer is so stationed shall provide every such Officer sufficient Room under the Deck, in some Part of the Forecastle or Steerage, for his Bed or Hammock, and in case of Neglect or Refusal so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods shall be taken to and secured in any of the King's Warehouses in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, for Security of the Duties thereon, or to prevent the same from coming into Home Use, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to charge and demand and receive Warehouse Rent for such Goods, for all such Time as the same shall remain in such Warehouse, at the same Rate as may be payable for the like Goods when warehoused in any Warehouse in which such Goods may be warehoused without Payment of Duty.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case such Goods shall not be duly cleared from the King's Warehouse within Three Calendar Months, (or sooner, if they be of a perishable Nature,) it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to cause such Goods to be publicly sold by Auction, for Home Use or for Exportation, as the Case may be; and the Produce of such Sale shall be applied towards the Payment of the Duties, if 16 sold

6° GEO. IV. C. 107.

739

sold For Home Use, and of the Warehouse Rent and all other Charges; and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Person authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause any of such Goods to be destroyed as cannot be sold for a Sum sufficient to pay such Duties and Charges, if sold for Home Use, or sufficient to pay such Charges, if sold for Exportation: Provided also, that if such Goods shall have been landed by the Officers of the Customs, and the Freight of the same shall not have been paid, the Produce of such Sale shall be first applied to the Payment of such Freight.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Commission out of the Court of Exchequer, from time to time to appoint any Port, Haven or Creek in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, and to set out the Limits thereof, and to appoint the proper Places within the same, to be legal Quays for the lading and unlading of Goods: Provided always, that all Ports, Havens and Creeks, and the respective Limits thereof, and all legal Quays appointed and set out, and existing as such at the Commencement of this Act, under any Law till then in force, shall continue to be such Ports, Havens, Creeks, Limits and legal Quays respectively, as if the same had been appointed and set out under the Authority of this Act.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, from time to time, by any Order under their Elands, to appoint Places to be Sufferance Wharfs, for the lading and unlading of Goods by Sufferance, to be duly issued by them, or by the proper Officers under their Directions, in such Manner and in such Cases as they shall see fit.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Boat appointed and employed ordinarily for the Carriage of Letters, shall import or export any Goods without Permission of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds, to be paid by the Master of such Ship or Boat.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed to be an Apprentice for the Purposes of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Number of Apprentices to be taken on board British Merchant Vessels, and for preventing the Desertion of Seamen; unless the Indenture of such Apprentice shall have been enrolled with the Collector and Controller of the Port from which any such Apprentice shall first go to Sea after the Date of such Indenture, or in Default of such Enrolment, until the same shall have been enrolled at some Port from which the Ship in which such Apprentice shall afterwards go to Sea shall be cleared.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to act as an Agent for transacting any Business at the Custom House in the Port of London, which shall relate to the Entry or Clearance of any Ship, or of any Goods, or of any Baggage, unless authorized so to do by Licence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, who are hereby empowered to require Bond to be given by every Person to whom such Licence shall be granted, with One sufficient Surety, in the Sum of One

3 B 2 thousand

GENERAL

REGULATIONS.

Proviso as to Payment of Freight.

Power for His Majesty to appoint Ports and legal Quays.

Commissioners may appoint Su Iterance Wharfs.

Proviso as to Ships engaged in carrying Letters. Penalty.

No Person deemed an Apprentice under G.4. c. 25. until Indenture enrolled with Collector.

LICENSED

AGENTS.

London.

Persons entering or clearing Ships, &c. as Agents, to be licensed, and give Bond.

740

C. 107, 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

LICENSED

AGENTS.

-r.

London. Exception.

Penalty.

Treasury may revoke Licence.

Proviso for Clerks or Servants of Individuals, and Clerks in Long Room.

Agent may appoint Clerks to act for him only.

Treasury may extend Regulations to other Ports.

Act may be altered, 8cc. this Session.

c. 105. § 1. ante.

thousand Pounds, for the faithful and incorrupt Conduct of such Person and of his Clerks acting for him: Provided always, that such Bond shall not be required of any Person who shall be One of the sworn Brokers of the City of London; and if any Person shall act as such Agent, not being so licensed, or if any Person shall be in Partnership in such Agency with any Person not so licensed, such Person shall in either Case for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by any Order under their Hands, to revoke any such Licence, and that after a Copy of such Order shall have been delivered to such Person or to his Clerk, or left at his usual Place of Abode or Business, such Licence shall be void.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Clerk or Servant of any Person, or of any Persons in Copartnership, from transacting any Business at the Custom House, on account of such Person or Persons, without such Licence; provided such Clerk or Servant shall not transact any such Business as Clerk, Servant or Agent to any other Person; nor to prevent any Officer or Clerk in the Long Room from passing Entries under the Authority of this Act.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Agent, or Agents in Copartnership, to appoint any Person without Licence to be his or their Clerk in transacting such Agency: Provided always, that no Person shall be admitted to be such Clerk to more than One Agent or Copartnership of Agents, nor until his Name and Residence, and the Date of his Appointment, shall have been endorsed on the Licence of every such Agent and signed by him, and witnessed by the Signature of the Collector and Controller of the Customs, unless such Person shall have been appointed with Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs before the Commencement of this Act.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by their Warrant, to be published in the London or Dublin Gazette, to extend the Regulations hereinbefore made relating to Agents in the Port of London, to Agents at any other Port in Great Britain, or at any Port in Ireland.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Lavos rebating to the Customs; in which' it is declared that the Laws of the Customs have become very intricate, by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years; and that it is therefore highly expedient, for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice,

and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons

who

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

741

who may be required to act in Obedience to those Laws or in Execution of them, that all the Laws relating to Customs should ' be repealed, and that the Purposes for which those Laws have ' from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments in more compendious Form, and commencing at one and the same Time: And Whereas by the said Act all the Laws relating to Smuggling will be repealed: And Whereas other Laws relating to the Customs have been made, and may hereafter be made; and it is expedient to make Provisions to prevent or punish any Infraction of such Laws:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall have Effect and come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation, for the Prevention of Smuggling, and shall extend and be construed to extend to any Law in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Revenue or Management of the Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board or discovered to have been on board the said Vessel or Boat shall be Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found within Four Leagues of the Coast of that Part of the United Kingdom which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent and Beachy Head on the Coast of Sussex, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast of any other Part of the said United Kingdom, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Distances, not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board

LICENSED

AGENTS.

London.

[Commencement of Act.]

Vessels and Boats.

Any Vessel belonging wholly or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, found within certain Distances of the Coast of U.K. with prohibited Goods

or in any Manner attached or on board and affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner, not proceeding anjr Goods whatsoever liable to Forfeiture by this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs upon being imported into the said United Kingdom, then not only all such Goods, together with their Packages, and all Goods contained therein, but also the Vessel or Boat, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited: Provided always, Proviso, that such Distance of Eight Leagues may and shall be measured in any Direction between the Southward and Eastward of Beachy Head; and the Provisions of this Act shall extend to such Distance of Eight Leagues in every Direction from Beachy Head, although any Part of such Limits may exceed the Distance of Four Leagues from any Part of the Coast of Great Britain to the Eastward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat, not Any Vessel or being Square rigged, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Boat (not Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board Square-rigged) or discovered to have been on board the said Vessel or Boat shall ^vejl°ngms* be Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found in any Part of the part to His British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within Majesty's Sub-One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of the United jects, and found

3 B 3 Kingdom,

742

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

in British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere within 100 Deagues of the Coast, with Spirits or Tobacco in certain Packages, or with certain other Goods on board, forfeited, together with the Spirits, &c.

Vessels and Kingdom, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Boats. # Limits or Distances, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner, any Brandy or other Spirits in any Cask or Package of less Size or Content than Forty Gallons (excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman), or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds Weight in the whole, or any Tobacco or Snuff in any Cask or Package whatever, containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, or packed separately in any Manner within any such Cask or Package, (except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight for each Seaman), or any Cordage or other Article adapted and prepared for slinging small Casks, or any Casks or other Vessels whatsoever capable of containing Liquids, of less Size or Content than Forty Gallons, of the Sort or Description used or intended to be used or fit or adapted for the Smuggling of Spirits, or any Materials for the forming, making, or constructing such Casks or Vessels, or any Syphon, Tube, Hose or Implements whatsoever, for the broaching or drawing any Fluid, or any Articles or Implements or Materials adapted for the repacking Tobacco or Snuff, (unless the said Cordage or other Articles as aforesaid are really necessary for the Use of the said Vessel or Boat, or are a Part of the Cargo of the said Vessel or Boat, and included in the regular official Documents of the said Vessel or Boat,) then and in such-Case the said Spirits, Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, and the Cordage or other Articles, and also the Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel therein, shall be forfeited.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Vessel or Boat (not being Square-rigged), in which there shall be One or more Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found within Four Leagues of that Part of the United Kingdom which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent, and Beachy Head on the Coast of Sussex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coast of the United Kingdom, to be measured as aforesaid, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Distances, not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner, any Brandy or other Spirits, in any Cask or Package of less Size or Content than Forty Gallons, (except only for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board such Vessel, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman,) or any Tea, exceeding Six Pounds Weight in the whole, or any Tobacco or Snuff in an}' Cask or Package whatsoever, containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, or packed separately in any Manner within such Cask or Package, (except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight for each Seaman on board such Vessel,) that then such Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited.

Foreign Ves- V. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Vessel whatsoever

Any Foreign Vessel (not Square-rigged) in which there shall be One or more Subjects of His Majesty found, or having been within certain Distances of the Coast, having on board Spirits, Tea or Tobacco in small Quantities, forfeited.

6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

* 743

soever shall be found within One League of the Coast of the United Kingdom, not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner, within such Distance, any Goods whatsoever, liable to Forfeiture by this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, upon being imported into the United Kingdom, that then and in such Case the said Vessel, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and all such Goods laden therein, shall be forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any Vessel or Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found within Four or Eight Leagues of the Coast of the United Kingdom as aforesaid, or shall be found as aforesaid in the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of this Kingdom, and Chase shall be given or Signal made by any Vessel in His Majesty's Service or in the Service of the Revenue, hoisting the proper Pendant and Ensign as hereinafter mentioned, in order to bring such Vessel or Boat to, if any Person or Persons on board such Vessel or Boat shall, during the Chase, or before such Vessel or Boat shall bring to, throw overboard the Cargo or any Part of the same (unless through unavoidable Necessity or for the Preservation of such Vessel or Boat, the said Vessel or Boat having a legal Cargo on board), or shall stave or destroy any Part of the Cargo to prevent Seizure thereof, that then and in such Case the said Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel (not being Square-rigged, nor a Galliott of not less than Fifty Tons Burthen) or any Boat coming from Brest on the Coast of France, or from any Place between Brest on the Coast of France and Cape Finis-terre on the Coast of Spain, including all Islands on the Coast of Finance and Spain between those Places, or coming from any Place between the Helder Point on the Coast of Holland and North Bergen on the Coast of Norway, or from any Place as far up the Cattegat as Gottenburgh9 including all the Islands on the Coasts between those Places, shall arrive in any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, having on board, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Vessel or Boat, any Spirits exceeding One Half Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea, exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the whole, or having on board any Tobacco (excepting loose Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman), then not only all such Goods, but also the Vessel or

Boat, with all her Materials, shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel (not being Square-rigged, nor a Galliott of not less than Fifty Tons Burthen) or any Boat coming from any Place between Brest on the Coast of France and the Helder Point on the Coast of HoUaiid, including

sels found at Anchor, or hovering within One League of Coast, having on board forfeitable Goods, forfeited.

Vessels throwing overboard Goods during Chace, Vessel, &c. forfeited.

Vessels (not Square-rigged) coining from Brest, or Places between Brest and Cape Finis-terre, having on board for Use of Seamen Spirits, &c. exceeding a certain Quantity, forfeited.

Vessels (not Square-rigged) coining from Places between

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Vessels and JDoats.

Brest and the Helder, having on board, for Use of Seamen, Spirits, &c. exceeding a certain Quantity, forfeited.

Vessels within certain Distances of Guernsey, &c. having Goods liable as herein mentioned, forfeited with Goods and Packages.

Vessels sailing from Guernsey, &c. with a greater N umber of Men than allowed, or taking on board small Cordage or other Articles, forfeited.

Vessels sailing *oin Guernsey, c. without a

the Texel Isle, and all Places on the Znyder Zee, and all Islands on the Coasts of France, the Netherlands, and Holland, between Brest and the Texel, shall arrive in any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, having on board, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Vessel or Boat, any Spirits exceeding One Half Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight in the whole, or having on board any Tobacco, except loose Tobacco, not exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman, then not only all such Goods, but also the Vessel or Boat, with all her Materials, shall be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat, whether British or Foreign, shall be found or discovered to have been within One League of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, or within any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to any one of the said Islands, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner within the said last mentioned Distances or Places, any Goods which, by this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, are liable to Forfeiture, upon being imported into, exported from or carried coastwise into the said Islands respectively, then and in such Case the said Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and all such Goods as aforesaid with their Packages, and any other Goods which may be contained therein, shall be forfeited.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof Half the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall sail from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, navigated by greater Number of Persons than is allowed by this Act (as hereinafter mentioned), in a Vessel or Boat of like Size and Description; or if any Vessel or Boat shall sail from any of the said Islands, having on board, or which shall take or have taken on board during the Voyage, any small Cordage adapted for slinging small Casks or any more Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Casks, or any Tin or other Cases, or Bladders of less Content than Forty Gallons, and capable of containing Fluids, of the Sort used for smuggling Spirits, than shall be necessary for the Use of such Vessel, or any Materials for making any such small Casks, Cases, Boxes or Bladders, or any Syphon, Tube, Hose or Implements for broaching or drawing off any Fluid, more than is usual and necessary for the fair and ordinary Purposes of the Voyage, or any Articles, Implements or Materials adapted for repacking Tobacco or Snuff on board, during the Voyage, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited, together with all such Articles as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel or Boat, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, shall sail from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, without a Clearance,

whether

6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

745

whether in Ballast or having a Cargo, and if with a Cargo the Master shall give Bond to His Majesty, in double the Value of the Vessel or Boat and of the Cargo, for duly landing the same at the Port for which the Vessel clears; and every such Vessel or Boat not having such Clearance, or which having a Clearance for a Cargo shall be found light, or with any Part of the Cargo discharged before Delivery thereof at the Port specified in the Clearance, (unless through Necessity or for Preservation of the Vessel or Boat, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs,) shall be forfeited.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if after the Departure from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark respectively, of any Vessel or Boat belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof Half the Persons on board are His Majesty's Subjects, having on board any Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff, Tea or Wine, Bulk be broken, or any of the Cargo unladen or unshipped, or any Alteration be made in the Form, Size, Description or Number of the Packages shipped, or in the Quantity, Quality, or Mode of Package of the Goods therein, at any Time in the Prosecution of the Voyage towards the United Kingdom or any other Place for which the Vessel or Boat shall have cleared out, such Vessel or Boat, with her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited; but no Forfeiture shall be incurred for breaking Bulk or unlading the Cargo, or any Part of it, through unavoidable Necessity and Distress, nor for any Alteration in the Cargo, if occasioned by Necessity or Accident, or made for the Preservation and Safety of the Vessel or Boat, such Necessity or Accident to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vessel or Boat whatezer shall be found within the Limit of any Port of the United Kingdom with a Cargo on Board, and such Vessel shall afterwards be found light or in Ballast, and the Master is unable to give a due Account of the Port or Place within the United Kingdom where such Vessel shall have legally discharged her Cargo, such Vessel or Boat, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Vessel or Boat, liable to Seizure or Examination under any Act or Law for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall not bring to on being required so to do, on being chased by any Vessel in His Majesty's Navy, having the proper Pendant Ensign of His Majesty's Ships hoisted, or by any Vessel employed for the Prevention of Smuggling under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, having a Pendant and Ensign hoisted, of such Description as His Majesty, by'any Order in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, shall have ordered and directed, or shall from time to time in that Behalf order and direct, it shall be lawful for the Captain, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Vessel in His Majesty's Navy, or employed as aforesaid (first causing a Gun to be fired as a Signal), to fire at or into such Vessel or Boat; and such Captain, Master or other Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, or by his Direction, shall be ajad he is hereby indemnified and discharged from any Indictment,

Vessels and Boats.

Clearance,

forfeited.

Vessels departing from Guernsey, &c. having Spirits, Sec. breaking Bulk or unlading Cargo* &c. forfeited.

Proviso for accidents, &G.

Vessels found within the Limits of a Port with a Cargo, and afterwards found light, forfeited.

Vessels liable to Seizure, not bringing to during Chace, may be fired at.

746

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Vessels and Boats.

Hoisting Flags in Imitation of those used in His Majesty's Navy.

ment, Penalty or Action for Damages for-so doing; and in case any Person or Persons shall be wounded, maimed or killed by Proviso for any suc^ firing* and the said Captain, Master or other Person, and Bail, &c. on any Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or by his or Prosecution for their Direction, shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, or shall be wounding, &c. brought before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Justices, or Persons having competent Authority, for or on account of such firing, wounding, maiming or killing as aforesaid, all and every such Justice or Justices, Person or Persons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required to admit every such Captain, Master or other Person or Persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid to Bail; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, wear, carry or hoist in or on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatever belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, whether the same be Merchant or otherwise, without particular Warrant for so doing from His Majesty or His High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of High Admiral of Great Britain, His Majesty's Jack commonly called the Union Jack, or any Pendant, Ensign or Colours usually worn by His Majesty's Ships, or any Flag. Jack, Pendant, Ensign or Colours, resembling those of His Majesty, or those used on board His Majesty's Ships, or any other Ensign or Colours than the Ensign or Colours by any Proclamation of His Majesty now in force or hereafter to be issued prescribed to be worn, then, and in every such Case, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, or the Owner or Owners being on board the same, and every other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Costs of Suit either in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland respectively, or before any Two or more Justices of the Peace; and that it shall be lawful for any Officer of His Majesty's Navy, Customs or Excise, to enter on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and to seize and take away any such prohibited Flag, Jack, Pendant, Ensign or Colours, and the same shall thereupon become forfeited to His Majesty's Use.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels and Boats made use of in the Removal, Carriage or Conveyance of any Goods liable to Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall be forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner of every Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall paint or cause to be painted upon the Outside of the Stern of every Boat belonging to such Vessel, the Name of such Vessel, and the Port or Place to which she belongs, and the Master's Name withinside the Transum in White or Yellow Roman Letters, not less than Two Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, on pain of the Forfeiture of such Boat not so marked, wherever the same shall be found.

Penalty.

Officer may seize such Flags, &c.

Boats, &c. used in Removal of Goods, forfeited.

Boats belonging to Vessels, to have Name of Vessel and Master painted.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That the Owner of every Boat, not belonging to any Vessel, shall paint or cause to be painted upon the Stem of such Boat in White or Yellow Roman Letters, of Two Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name of the Owner or Owners of the Boat, and the Port or Place to which she belongs, on pain of the Forfeiture of such Boat not so marked, wherever the same shall be found.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels and Boats belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, having false Bulkheads, false Bows, double Sides or Bottoms, or any secret or disguised Place whatsoever in the Construction of the said Vessel or Boat, for the Purpose of concealing Goods, or having any Hole, Pipe or other Device in or about the Vessel or Boat adapted for the Purpose of running Goods, shall be forfeited, with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel belonging to such Vessel or Boat; and all Goods liable to the Payment of Duties or prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom, found concealed on board any Vessel or Boat, or in any of the Packages of Goods on board, or in or underneath the Ballast, or in any other Place on board such Vessel or Boat, shall be forfeited.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects (unless Square-rigged; ) and all Vessels whatsoever belonging as aforesaid, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of Three Feet to One Foot in Breadth; and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid armed for Resistance (otherwise than is hereinafter provided); and all Boats whatsoever belonging as aforesaid, which shall be found within any of the Limits or Distances as aforesaid; shall be forfeited, unless the Owners thereof shall have obtained a Licence for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, as is hereinafter directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel or Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty (not being a Lugger and at the Time fitted and rigged as such), shall be navigated by a greater Number of Men (Officers and Boys included) than in the following Proportions; that is to say, if of Thirty Tons or under, and above Five Tons, Four men; if of Sixty Tons or under, and above Thirty Tons, Five Men; if of Eighty Tons or under, and above Sixty Tons, Six Men; if of One hundred Tons or under, and above Eighty Tons, Seven Men; and above that Tonnage, One Man for every Fifteen Tons of such additional Tonnage; or if a Lugger, in the following Proportions, that is to say, if of Thirty Tons or under, Eight Men; if of Fifty Tons or under, and above Thirty Tons, Nine Men; if of Sixty Tons or under, and above Fifty Tons, Ten Men; if of Eighty Tons or under, and above Sixty Tons, Eleven Men; if of One hundred Tons or under, and above Eighty Tons, Twelve Men; and if above One hundred Tons, One Man for every Ten Tons of such additional Tonnage; and if any Vessel, Boat or Lugger belonging as aforesaid, and navigated with a greater Number of Men than in the Proportions before mentioned, shall be found within any of the Distances or Places aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, unless

747

Vessels and Boats.

Boats not belonging to Vessels to have Name of Owners painted.

Vessels, &c. having double Sides or Bottoms, or secret Places for concealing Goods, forfeited.

Goods found concealed, forfeited.

Licences.

Vessels not Square-rigged forfeited, unless licensed.

Vessels of Tonnage herein mentioned to be navigated with a certain Number of Men, if exceeding specified Number, and found within certain Distances, forfeited, unless licensed.

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Licences.

Licence not required for certain Vessels.

Licence to contain certain Particulars.

Before Licence granted to a Ship, Owners to give Security by Bond in certain Conditions.

Delivery of Licence.

Licence Bond given at Port to which Vessel belongs.

less such Vessel, Boat or Lugger shall be especially licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Square rigged Vessel of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards by Admeasurement, for being armed for Resistance, having on board Two Carriage Guns of the Calibre not exceeding Four Pounds, and Small Arms not exceeding Two Muskets for every Ten Men, or any Vessel, Boat or Lugger belonging ta the Royal Family, or being in the Service of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise or Post Office, nor any Whale Boat or Boat solely employed in the Fisheries, or any Boat belonging to any Square rigged Vessel in the Merchants' Service, nor any Life Boat or Tow Boat used in towing Vessels belonging to licensed Pilots, nor to any Boat used solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation, on account of such Ship, Vessel, Boat or Lugger not being licensed as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Licence granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, for any Vessel requiring Licence under this Act, shall contain the proper Description of such Vessel, the Name or Names of the Owner of Owners, with his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the Manner and the Limits in which the same is to be employed, and if armed, the Numbers and Description of Arms, and the Quantity of Ammunition, together with any other Particulars which the said Commissioners may require and direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That before such Licence shall be issued or delivered, or shall have effect for the Use of any Vessel, the Owner or Owners thereof shall give or cause to be given Security by Bond of Two or more sufficient Persons (being Housekeepers) in Treble the Value of such Vessel (not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Three thousand Pounds for a Square rigged Vessel) with Condition as follows; that is to say, that the Vessel shall not be employed in the Importation, Landing or Removing of any prohibited or uncustomable Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any other Act relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, nor in the Exportation of any Goods which are or may be prohibited to be exported, nor in the Relanding of any Goods contrary to Law, nor shall receive or take on board or be found at Sea or in Port with any Goods subject to Forfeiture, nor shall do any Act contrary to this Act, or any Act hereafter to be made relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or for the Protection of the Trade and Commerce of the United Kingdom, nor shall be employed otherwise than mentioned in the Licence, and within the Limits therein mentioned; and in case of Loss, Breaking up, or Disposal of the Vessel, that the Licence shall be delivered within Six Months from the Date of such Loss, Breaking up or Disposal of such Vessel, to the Collector or principal Officer at the Port to which such Vessel shall be* long.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Bond shall be given at the Port to which such Vessel shall belong, and at no other without the Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs first obtained; and the Persons who are to become such Security

shall

A.D. 1825.

6 GEO. IV.

CMOS.

shall be Persons, whether Owners or not, approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Bond is given, and residing at or near such Port; and the Collector and Comptroller shall certify upon such Licence before they issue the same, that the Security required by Law has been given in respect of such Licence.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence granted Licence for by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, for any Boat re- Boat to contain quiring Licence under this Act, shall contain the Description of certain Baru-the Boat with the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, cu ais '

and his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the Manner and Limits in which such Boat is to be used, together with any other Particulars which the said Commissioners may require and direct; and that the Owner or Owners of the said Boat shall give his or Bond by their own Security by Bond, in treble the Value thereof, with the Owner free like Condition as ishereinbeforerequired onLicences being granted from Stamp for Vessels under this Act; and that such Bond shall not be liable E>uty. to any Stamp Duty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to restrict the restrict granting of a Licence for any Vessel or Boat, in any way that

they may deem expedient for the Security of the Revenue; and Security, in case the said Commissioners shall have granted a Licence for any Vessel, and shall deem it necessary to require fresh Security for any Vessel which may have been licensed as aforesaid, they are hereby empowered so to do, by an Order in Writing to that Effect under their Hands; and a Copy of such Order shall be left either with the Owner or Owners of such Vessel, or with the Person in whose Custody the same shall then be; and from and after Revoked Lithe Delivery of such Order as aforesaid, the Licence granted for cence delivered such Vessel shall be deemed to be null and void, and the Owner up* or Owners is and are required to deliver up the said Licence to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Vessel or Boat shall belong, within Three Months from the Day when such Order shall be delivered as aforesaid; and in default of such De- Penalty, livery, the Owner or Owners shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Vessel or Boat requiring such Licence as aforesaid shall be found without such Licence, or shall be found ed^Wthoufsuch or discovered to have been used or employed in any Trade or Licence for-in any Limf^'other than such as shall be specified in such Licence feited. that then ail in such Case the said Vessel or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and all the Goods laden on board, shall be forfeited.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner of every Licences taken Vessel or Boat which shall be licensed as aforesaid shall, before to Collector, at such Vessel or Boat, after obtaining such Licence, first proceeds Port from

to Sea, or departs out of any Port of the United Kingdom, or Isle ^>out

of Man, bring or cause to be brought such Licence to the Col- to sail ^be relector or other proper Officer at the Port from whence such Vessel gistered, and to or Boat is about to depart, and the said Collector or other proper be produced to Officer is hereby required duly to register the same; and in de- Officers who fault of the Owner bringing the same, or causing the same to be y^JSg|°ard brought as aforesaid, the said Licence shall be null and void; and the Master, Commander or other Person having or taking the

Charge

749

* Licence».

Certificate from Collector, &c.

750

C. 108.

A.D. 1825.

Licences.

Refusing to produce, &c. Vessel, &c. forfeited.

Vessels in course of Removal in order to obtain Certificate, not to be forfeited.

Counterfeiting

Licences.

Penalty.

If licensed Vessel being lost, &c. Licence delivered up; if Licence lost, Proof thereof.

Penalty.

Vessels and Goods.

Uncustomed or prohibited Goods unshipped, &c. illegally forfeited, together with Horses, &c.

6° GEO. IV.

Charge or Command of any licensed Vessel or Boat, is hereby required to produce such Licence to any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, duly authorized and on Full Pay, or Officer of Customs or Excise, who shall board such Vessel "or Boat within any of the Limits or Distances aforesaid, and shall demand a Sight of the same; and in case of Refusal to produce the same, or the same shall not be on board, or if the Licence produced for any Vessel shall be without an Indorsement thereon that the proper Security hath been given, that then and in such Case the Vessel or Boat shall be forfeited, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, on Proof to their Satisfaction that the Master or Owner of any Vessel or Boat is desirous of removing such Vessel or Boat to the Port to which she belongs, for the Purpose of obtaining a Licence and giving the necessary Security for the same, to grant a Certificate to such Master or Owner of such Proof having been made; and in such Case, so long as such Vessel or Boat shall be in due course of her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, to the Port to which the Vessel or Boat belongs or is intended to belong, such Vessel or Boat shall not be liable to Forfeiture on account of not being licensed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify, or cause to be counterfeited, erased, altered or falsified, any Licence so to be granted as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence so counterfeited, erased, altered or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any licensed Vessel or Boat shall be lost, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, sold or otherwise:disposed of, the Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port"to which such Vessel or Boat belongs, within Six Calendar Months from the Time thereof; or in case of the Licence being lost or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof, on Oath, shall be made within the same Period, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of such Port; and in default thereof the Owner or Owners, and the Master of such Vessel or Boat shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods liable to the Payment of Duties shall be unshipped from any Vessel or Boat, (Customs and other Duties not being first paid or secured,) or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever shall be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom; or if any Goods whatsoever, which shall have been imported, warehoused or otherwise secured in the United Kingdom, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, shall be clandestinely or illegally removed from or out of any Warehouse or Place of Security; that thea und in such Case all such Goods as aforesaid shall be forfeited, together with all Horses and other Animals, and all Carriages and other Things made use of in the Removal of such Goods.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

751

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which vessels and are or may be prohibited to be exported, shall be put on board Goods.

any Vessel or Boat with Intent to be laden or shipped for Export- __________

ation, or shall be brought to any Quay, Wharf or other Place in Goods prohi-the United Kingdom, in order to be put on board any Vessel or bitedtobeex- Boat for the Purpose of being exported; or if any Goods which ported, shipped, are prohibited to be exported shall be found in any Package pro- ^7thfGoeodesd> duced to the Officers of the Customs, as containing Goods not so packed there-prohibited, that then and in such Case not only all such prohibited with.

Goods, but also all other Goods packed therewith, shall be forfeited.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels and Boats, Goods liable to and all Goods whatsoever liable to Forfeiture, under this or any Forfeiture may other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall and may be

seized in any Place either upon Land or Water, by any Officer Army, &c. or Officers of His Majesty's Arnr;, Navy or Marines, duly authorized and on Full Pay, or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Person having Authority to seize from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise; and all Vessels, Boats and Goods so seized shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be delivered into the Care of the proper Officer appointed to receive the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs, or any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, duly authorized and on full Pay, and any other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by or under the Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs, shall make any collusive Seizure, or deliver up, or make any Agreement to deliver up, or not to seize, any Vessel or Boat, or any Goods liable to Forfeiture, or shall take any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence or Reward for the Neglect or Nonperformance of his Duty, every such Officer or other Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office whatever, either civil or military; and every Person who shall give or offer or promise to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward, or make any collusive Agreement with any such Officer as aforesaid, to induce him in any Way to neglect his Duty, or to do, conceal or connive at any Act, whereby any of the Provisions of any Act of Parliament may be evaded, every such Per- Penalty, son shall, whether the Offer be accepted or performed or not, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, duly authorized and on full Pay, or for any Officer of Customs, producing his or their Warrant or Deputation (if required) uncustomed0 to go on board any Vessel which shall be within the Limits of any Goods-of the Ports of this Kingdom, and to rummage and to search the and may search Cabin and all other Parts of such Vessel for prohibited and un- Persons, customed Goods, and to remain on board such Vessel during the whole Time that the same shall continue writhin the Limits of such Port; and also to search any Person or Persons either on board, or who shall have landed from any Vessel; provided such Officer or Officers shall have good Reason to suppose that such Person or Persons hath any uncustomed or prohibited Goods secreted about his Person; and if any Person shall obstruct, oppose or

molest

Officers making collusive Seizures or taking Bribes.

Penalty and Incapacity.

Offering Bribe, &d.

Officers may board Vessels, and search for

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Goods and

Vessels.

Penalty on Obstruction.

Officers, before searching Persons, to take them before a Justice, Collector or Comptroller of Customs, if required, who may direct the Search, or discharge such Persons.

Proviso as to

searching

Females.

Officer unduly acting with respect to suspected Persons.

Penalty.

Passengers having Goods in Possession, and denying it.

Penalty.

Officers, with Writs of Assistance, may enter Houses, &c. to search for uncustomed or prohibited Goods.

molest any such Officer or Officers in going or remaining on board, or in entering or searching such Vessel or Person, every such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Person shall be searched by any such Officer as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Person to require such Officer to take him or her before any Justice of the Peace, or before the Collector, Comptroller or other Superior Officer of Customs, who shall determine whether there is reasonable Grounds to suppose that such Person has any uncustomed or prohibited Goods about his or her Person; and if it shall appear to such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior'Orficer of Customs, that there is reasonable Ground to suppose that such Person has any uncustomed or prohibited Goods about his or her Person, that then such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior Officer of Customs shall direct such Person to be searched in such Manner as he shall think fit; but if it shall appear to such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior Officer of Customs, that there is not reasonable Ground to suppose that such Person has any uncustomed or prohibited Goods about his or her Person, that then such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior Officer of Customs, shall forthwith discharge such Person, who shall not in such Case be liable to be searched; and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to take such Person, upon Demand, before any such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior Officer of Customs, detaining him or her in the meantime: Provided always, that no Person, being a Female, so directed to be searched, shall be searched by any other Person than a Female, duly authorized for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer shall not take such Person with reasonable Dispatch before such Justice, Collector, Comptroller or other superior Officer of Customs, when so required, or shall require any Person to be searched by him, not having reasonable Grounds to suppose that such Person has any uncustomed or prohibited Goods about his or her Person, that such Officer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Passenger or other Person on board any Vessel or Boat shall, upon being questioned by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, whether he has any Foreign Goods upon his Person, or in his Possession, deny the same, and any such Goods shall, after such Denial, be discovered upon his Person or in his Possession, such Goods shall be forfeited, and such Person shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs, or Person acting under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, authorized by Writ of Assistance under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to Fake a Constable, Headborough or other Public Officer inhabiting near the Place, and in the Daytime, to eot£r_into any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, Room or other Place, and in case of Resistance to break open Doors, Chests, Trunks and

other

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

7 53

other Packages, there to seize and from thence to'bring any uncustomed or prohibited Goods, and to put and secure the same in the Customhouse Warehouse in the Port next to the Place from whence such Goods shall be so taken as aforesaid: Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act any such Constable, Headborough or other Public Officer duly sworn as such, may act as well without the Limits of any Parish, Ville or other Place for which he shall be so sworn, as within such Limits.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Writs of Assistance so issued from the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall continue and be in force during the whole of the Reign in which such Writs shall have been granted, and for Six Months from the Conclusion of such Reign.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods subject or liable to Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall be stopped or taken by any Police Officer, or other Person acting by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or otherwise duly authorized, such Goods shall be carried to the Customhouse Warehouse next to the Place where the Goods were stopped or taken, and there delivered to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, within Forty eight Hours after the said Goods were stopped and taken.

[See the Section next fol-

lowing.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Goods shall be stopped or taken by such Police Officer, on Suspicion that the same have been feloniously stolen, it shall be lawful for the said Officer to carry the same to the Police Office to which the Offender is taken, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of the said Offender; and in such Case the Officer is required to give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, of his having so detained the said Goods, with the Particulars of the same, and immediately after the Trial, all such Goods are to be conveyed and deposited in the Customhouse Warehouse as aforesaid, to be proceeded against according to Law; and in case any Police Officer making Detention of any such Goods, shall neglect to convey the same to such Warehouse, or to give the Notice of having stopped the same as before described, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, by any Order made for that Purpose under their Hands, to direct any Vessel, Boat, Goods or Commodities whatever, seized as aforesaid under this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, to be delivered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, whether Condemnation shall have taken place or not, upon such Terms and Conditions as they may deem expedient, and which shall be mentioned in the said Order; and it shall be also lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to mitigate or remit any Penalty or Fine which shall have been incurred, or any Part of such Penalty or Fine incurred under any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Customs, or to the Trade and Navigation 6 Geo. IV. 3C of

Vessels and Goods.

Proviso.

//?. rdi

How longWrits of Assistance to be in force.

Police Officers seizing Goods, to carry them to the Customhouse Warehouse.

Goods stopped by Police Officers may be retained until Trial.

Officer not conveying same to Warehouse.

Penalty.

Commissioners of Treasury or Commissioners of Customs may restore Seizures.

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso.

Penalties.

Unshipping, harbouring or having Custody of any prohibited or Uncustomed Goods.

Penalty.

Unduly unshipping Drawback or Bounty Goods.

Penalty.

Persons insuring the Delivery of prohibited or uncustomed Goods.

Penalty.

Persons receiving such Goods. Penalty.

Offering Goods

of this Kingdom; Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to the Benefit of any Order for Delivery or Mitigation, unless the Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Order are fully and effectually complied with.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Person not arrested and detained as hereinafter mentioned, who shall, either in the United Kingdom, or the Isle of Man, assist or be otherwise concerned in the unshipping of any Goods which are prohibited, or the Duties for which have not been paid or secured, or who shall knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or shall knowingly permit or suifer to be harboured, kept or concealed, any Goods which have been illegally unshipped without Payment of Duties, or which have been illegally removed without Payment of the same, from any Warehouse or Place of Security in which they may have been originally deposited, or shall knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or permit or suffer to be harboured, kept or concealed, any Goods prohibited to be imported or to be used or consumed in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man; and every Person, either in the United Kingdom, or the Isle of Man, to whose Hands and Possession any such uncustomed or prohibited Goods shall knowingly come, shall forfeit either the Treble Value thereof or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, upon which there is a Drawback or Bounty, shall be shipped to be exported into Parts beyond the Seas, and shall afterwards be unshipped with Intention to be relanded in the United Kingdom (unless in case of Distress, to save the Goods from perishing), that then and in such Case the said Goods shall be forfeited, and the Master of the Vessel from which they shall be unshipped, and every Person concerned in the unshipping, and the Person or Persons to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, or who shall knowingly harbour, keep or conceal, or suffer to be harboured, kept or concealed such Goods, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Treble Value of the Goods or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of Hrs Majesty's Customs.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, by way of Insurance or otherwise, shall undertake or agree to deliver any Goods to be imported from beyond the Seas, at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, without paying the Duties due on such Importation or any prohibited Goods, or in pursuance of such Insurance or otherwise, shall deliver or cause to be delivered any uncustomed or prohibited Goods, every such Person and every Aider or Abettor thereof, shall for such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above any other Penalty to which by Law he may be liable; and every Person who shall agree to pay any Money for the Insurance or Conveyance of such Goods, or shall receive or take such Goods into his Custody or Possession, or suffer the same to be so received or taken, shall also forfeit Five hundred Pounds, over and above any Penalty to which by Law he may be liable on account of such Goods.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-

20 sons

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

755

Penalties.

being run or prohibited.

Penalty.

Persons found or discovered to have been on board Vessels liable to Forfeiture for being found within certain Limits of the Coast,

sons shall offer for Sale any Goods, under Pretence that the same are prohibited, or have been unshipped and run on Shore without gale unjer Payment of Duties, that then and in such Case all such Goods pretence of (although not liable to any Duties or prohibited) shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons and every of them, offering the same for Sale, shall forfeit the Treble Value of such Goods or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture, under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, for being found within Four or Eight Leagues of the Coast of the United Kingdom as aforesaid, or for being found or discovered to have been within any of the Distances or Places in this Act mentioned, from or in the United Kingdom, or from or in the Isle of Man, having on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed in any Manner, such Goods or other Things as subject such Vessel or Boat to Forfeiture, or who shall be found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat, from which any Part of the Cargo shall have been thrown overboard during Chace, or staved or destroyed, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and that every Person, Penalty, not being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat, liable to Forfeiture for any of the Causes aforesaid, within one League of the Coast of the United Kingdom, or of the Isle of Man, or within any Ba}r,

Harbour, River or Creek of the said Island, shall forfeit for such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain every such Person, and to carry and convey such Person before Two or more Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or a Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster in the Isle of Man, to be dealt with as hereinafter directed: Provided always, that any such Person, proving, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, that he was only a Passenger in such Vessel or Boat, and had no Interest whatever either in the Vessel or Boat, or in the Cargo on board the same, shall be forthwith discharged by such Justices.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Person whatsoever, who shall unship, or be aiding, assisting or concerned in the unshipping of any Spirits or Tobacco, liable to Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, either in the United Kingdom, or the Isle of Man, or who shall carry, convey or conceal, or be aiding, assisting or concerned in the carrying, conveying or concealing of any such Spirits or Tobacco, shall forfeit for such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Person may be detained by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, being duly

S C 2 authorized

And may be detained.

Proviso.

Persons unshipping, &c. or concealing Spirits or Tobacco.

Penalty, may be di tained.

and

756

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalties.

Proceedings.

Persons liable to be arrested, and making Escape, may afterwards be detained, &c.

Proceedings.

Making or assisting in making Signals to smuggling Vessels at Sea.

Offender

detained.

Proceedings.

Penalty.

authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, and taken before Two Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or a Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster in the Isle of Man, to be dealt with as hereinafter directed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to be arrested and detained, under the Provisions of this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall not be detained at the Time of so committing the Offence for which he or they is or are so liable, or after Detention shall make his or their Escape, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance or duly employed under such Officer, to stop, arrest and detain such Person so liable to Detention as aforesaid, at any Time afterwards, and to carry him before Two Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with as if detained at the Time of committing the said Offence.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, after Sunset and before Sunrise between the Twenty first Day of September and the First Day of April, or after the Hour of Eight in the Evening and before the Hour of Six in the Morning at any other Time in the Year, make, aid or assist in making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding or assisting in the making of any Light, Fire, Flash or Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke, or by any Rocket, Fireworks, Flags, firing of any Gun or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device, or any other Signal in or on board or from any Vessel or Boat, or on or from any Part of the Coast or Shore of the United Kingdom, or within Six Miles of any Part of such Coasts or Shores, for the Purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Person on board any Smuggling Vessel or Boat, whether any Person so on Board of such Vessel or Boat be or be not within Distance to see or hear any such Light, Fire, Flash, Blaze or Signal; and if any Person, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, make or cause to be made; or aid or assist in making any such Light, Fire, Flash, Blaze or Signal, such Person so offending shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Person to stop, arrest and detain the Person or Persons who shall so make, or aid or assist in the making, or who shall be present for the Purpose of aiding or assisting in making, any such Light, Fire, Flash, Blaze or Signal, and to carry and convey such Person or Persons so offending before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who, if they see Cause, shall commit the Offender to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the next Court of Oyer or Terminer, Great Session or Gaol Delivery, or until such Person or Persons shall be delivered by due Course of Law, and it shall not be necessary to prove, on any Indictment or Information, that any Vessel or Boat was actually on the Coast; and the Offender or Offenders being duly convicted thereof shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either forfeit and pay the Penalty or Forfeiture of One hundred

22 Pounds,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

757

Pounds, or at the Discretion of such Court, be sentenced or com- Penalties,

mitted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be

kept to Hard Labour for any Term not exceeding One Year. Punishment.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case ProofofaSig-any Person be charged with or indicted for having made or nal not being caused to be made, or been aiding or assisting in making, or been intended to lie present for the Purpose of making or aiding or assisting in making ^1n^t'De' any such Fire, Light, Flash, Blaze or other Signal as aforesaid, e an ' the Burthen of Proof that such Fire, Light, Flash, Blaze, Noise or other Thing so charged as having been made with Intent and for the Purpose of giving such Signal as aforesaid, was not made with such Intent and for such Purpose, shall be upon the Defendant against whom such Charge is made or such Indictment

is found.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Any Person

any Person whatsoever to put out and extinguish or prevent any may Put OLlt

.._k t i a. T7i_.u ... V>i__ o. _i._ o!__i r>_.and extinguish

and prevent such Signals

j or destroying Goods to prevent Seizure.

such Light, Fire, Flash or Blaze, or any Smoke, Signal, Rocket,

Firework, Noise or other Device or Contrivance so made or being made as aforesaid, and to enter and go into and upon any Lands for that Purpose, without being liable or subject to any Indictment, Suit or Action for the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatso- Resisting Of-ever shall hinder, oppose, molest or obstruct any Officer of the Jlcers> «r rcscu-Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, in the Execution of his Duty, or in the due seizing of any Goods liable to Forfeiture by this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or any Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, or shall rescue or cause to be rescued any Goods which have been seized, or shall attempt or endeavour to do so, or shall before, or at or after any Seizure, stave, break or otherwise destroy any Goods, to prevent the Seizure thereof, or the securing the same, then and in such C ase the Parties offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Penalty.

Two hundred Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons to the Number of Three or more, armed with Fire Arms or other offensive Weapons, shall within the United Kingdom, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be assembled in order to be aiding and assistin

Felonies.

Three or more Persons armed with Fire Arms

in the illegal Exportation of assembled to ' any Goods prohibited to be exported, or in the carrying of such assist in the Goods in order to such Exportation, or in the illegal landing, illegal Exportrunning or carrying away of prohibited or uncustomed Goods, ^Qf0rr^u1' or Goods liable to pay any Duties which have not been paid or orqncus-secured, or in the illegal carrying of any Goods from any Ware- tomed Goods,

house or other Place, as shall have been deposited therein, for the Security of the Home Consumption Duties thereon, or for preventing the Use or Consumption thereof in the United Kingdom, or in the illegal relanding of any Goods which shall have been exported upon Debenture or Certificate, or in rescuing or taking away any such Goods as aforesaid, after Seizure, from the Officer of the Customs or other Officer authorized to seize the same, or any Person or Persons employed by them or assisting them, or from the Place where the same shall have been lodged

or in relanding Goods shipped for Exportation, or in rescuing such Goods, Felony

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Felonies.

Death.

Shooting at Boats belonging to Navy or the Revenue, oi shooting at or wounding Officers of the Army, &c.

Felony.

Persons in Company with others, found with Goods liable, or carrying Arms, &c.

Felony.

Assaulting Officer by Force or Violence,

Punishment.

Officers.

Commanding Officers of Vessels in the

by them, or in rescuing any Person who shall have been apprehended for any of the Offences made Felony by this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or in the preventing the Apprehension of any Person who shall have been guilty of such Offence; or in case any Persons to the Number of Three or more, so armed as aforesaid, shall, within this Kingdom, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be so aiding or assisting; every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting or assisting therein shall, being thereof convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously shoot at or upon any Vessel or Boat belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Revenue in any Part of: the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coast of the United Kingdom, or shall maliciously shoot at, maim or dangerously wound any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, in the due Execution of his Office or Duty, every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting or assisting therein, shall, being lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being in Company with more than Four other Persons, be found with any Goods liable to Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, or in Company with One other Person within Five Miles of any navigable River, carrying offensive Arms or Weapons, or disguised in any way, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall on Conviction of such Offence be transported as a Felon for the Space of Seven Years; and if such Offender shall return into the United Kingdom before the Expiration of the said Seven Years, he shall suffer as a Felon, and have Execution awarded against him as a Person attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall by Force or Violence assault, resist, oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or other Person acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, such Person being thereof convicted shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or sentenced to be imprisoned in any House of Correction or Common Gaol, and kept to Hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Three Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom the Offender shall be tried and convicted as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commanding Officer for the Time being of any Vessel or Boat employed for the Prevention of Smuggling to haul any such Vessel or Boat upon any Part of the Coasts of the

United

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 1 OS,

7 59

United Kingdom, or the Shores, Banks or Beaches of any River, Officers. Creek or Inlet of the same, (not being a Garden or Pleasure Service ma Ground, or Place ordinarily used for any Bathing Machine or haiTtbei^Ves^ Bathing Machines,) which shall be deemed most convenient for seis on shore, that Purpose, and to moor any such Vessel or Boat on such Part without being of the aforesaid Coasts, Shores, Banks and Beaches below High- liable to Action, water Mark, and over which the Tide flows on ordinary Occasions, and to continue such Vessel or Boat so moored as aforesaid, for such Time as the said Commanding Officer shall deem necessary and proper; and such Commanding Officer, or Person or Persons acting under his Direction, shall not be liable to any Indictment,

Action or Suit for so doing; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any officer, if Officer or Seaman employed in the Service of the Customs or wounded in

Excise shall be killed, maimed, wounded or in any way injured Service of Cus-

in the due Execution of his Office, or if any Person acting in his rovil*c< *

Aid shall be so killed, maimed, wounded or in any way injured

while so aiding such Officer or Seaman, it shall and may be law-

ful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise respectively to make such Provision for the Officer or Person so maimed, wounded or injured as aforesaid, or for the Widows and Families of such as shall be killed, as they shall be authorized and empowered to do by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels and Boats, Seizures. and all Goods whatsoever, which shall have been seized and con- condemned demned for breach of any Law relating to the Revenue of Cus- yesseis anci toms, shall be disposed of as soon as conveniently may [be after Goods how to the Condemnation thereof, in the following Manner; (that is to be disposed of say,) all Goods of a Description admissible to Duty shall be sold by public Auction to the best bidder, at a Price not less than the Duty upon the Importation of the like Sort of Goods; and in case such Goods will not fetch the Duty, shall be put up to Sale for Exportation, and in case they do not sell for Exportation, then the said Goods shall be destroyed; and all prohibited Goods shall be put up for Sale for Exportation to the best Bidder, and in case they do not sell, then shall be destroyed; all Vessels or Boats calculated for the fair and mercantile Trade of this Kingdom shall be put up to Sale to the best Bidder; and all Vessels or Boats calculated for Smuggling shall be broken up and destroyed, and the Materials shall be put up to Sale to the best Bidder:

Provided always, that if the Commissioners of His Majesty's Cus- Proviso, toms shall deem any of the Vessels or Boats necessary or required for the public Service, it shall be lawful for them to cause the same to be used for the said Purpose.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Rewards.

lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and they ----

are hereby authorized and empowered to award to any Officer Reward to or other Person detaining any Person liable to Detention under ror

this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, to be smugglers, paid upon the Conviction of such Person, any Reward they may think fit to direct, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Person.

3 C LXIV. And

760

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Rewards.

Rewards to Officers where Penalties recovered.

Rewards for Seizures.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to pay the following Reward to any Officer or Officers, or Persons as aforesaid, by whose Means any pecuniary Penalty or Composition is recovered; (that is to say,) One third of the Penalty or Sum recovered.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of any Seizure made by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other Person or Persons deputed or employed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, the following Rewards; (that is to say,)

In the Case of Seizures of Spirits and Tobacco:

If all the Parties are detained and carried before Two Justices of the Peace, the Whole:

If Two or more, not being the Whole, are detained and convicted, Seven eights:

If One, being a seafaring Man and convicted, Three fourths:

If One is detained with the Vessel or Means of Conveyance, Three fourths:

If One Person is detained and convicted, not a seafaring Man, Five eights:

If Vessel or Carriage with its Lading is seized, without any Person being detained, One third:

If Goods found sunk and concealed, and the Smuggler afterwards convicted in consequence thereof, and by the Exertions of the Individuals so finding them, One half:

If Goods found and no Person subsequently convicted. One eighth:

If Goods seized and Parties subsequently convicted in consequence of such Seizure, and by the Exertion of the Seizors, One half:

If Goods seized only, One eighth, or such other Part as the Commissioners of the Customs shall think proper, not exceeding One fourth.

In the Case of Seizures of Goods prohibited to be imported:

If Vessel, after Importation, or other Means of Conveyance seized, or any Person prosecuted to Conviction on account of the same, Two thirds:

If Goods only, One half.

In the Case of Seizures of Goods not before enumerated:

If Vessel or other Means of Conveyance seized, or any Person prosecuted to Conviction on account of the same, One half: If Goods only, One fourth.

In the Case of Goods destroyed:

If Vessel or other Means of Conveyance seized, or any Person prosecuted to Conviction on account of the same, a Moiety of the appraised Value or Amount of Duty:

If Goods only, One fourth of appraised Value or Amount of Duty/

In

A.D. 1825.

C. 108.

761

6° GEO. IV.

In the Case of Seizures of Vessels and Boats:

If sold, a Moiety of the Produce:

If taken into the public Service or broken up, a Moiety of appraised Value.

In the Case of Seizures of Cattle and Carriages:

In all Cases, Three fourths of the Produce of the Sale.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Rewards shall be paid, subject to a Deduction of Ten Pounds per Centum, on account of Law Charges and other Expences.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Reward, or Part or Share of any such Seizure, or of the Value thereof, as shall be payable to any Officer or Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Privates of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, shall be divided and distributed in such Proportions, and according to such Rules, Regulations and Orders, as His Majesty shall by His Order or Orders in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation in that Behalf, be pleased to direct and appoint.

LXVIII. And Whereas it frequently happens that Officers of the Customs and Excise, who from their Stations on the Coast,

and other Circumstances, are instrumental in causing the Seizure 1 of Spirits and other Goods, but who, from their not being actually ' present at and assisting in the making such Seizure, have hitherto

not been considered as entitled to participate in the Officers '

1 Share of the same: And Whereas it is expedient in order to ' provide for such Cases, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's (Customs and Excise respectively should be authorized to direct ' Distribution of the Shares of all Seizures made by Officers or ' Persons acting under their Authority or Direction, or of any Penalties recovered or Rewards paid for the Apprehension of Smugglers, in such Manner as may appear to them to be most condu-

cive to the Protection of the Revenue; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively, and they are hereby authorized, in case of any Seizure of Vessels, Boats or Goods, or the Apprehension of any Parties under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, to direct the Distribution of the Seizor's Share of such Vessels, Boats or Goods, or of any Penalties or Rewards, so as to enable any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners respectively, or through whose Information or Means such Seizure shall have been made, or Penalty recovered, or Party apprehended, who shall not have been actually present at the making of the same, to participate in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall respectively deem expedient.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, that any Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall have acted collusively or negligently in the making of any Seizure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to

direct

Rewards.

Rewards and seizures regulated by Orders in Council, &e.

Commissioners may distribute Officers' Shares of Seizures, so as to reward Persons not actually present.

Where Officers neglect or collude, Commissioners may direct Seizure to His Majesty's Use.

6° GEO. IV.

Rewards.

Spirits floating on the Sea not to be taken up but by Officers.

Penalty, Forfeiture of Spirits, &c.

Reward to Persons giving Information of Goods floating or sunk in the Sea.

Allowance to poor Persons confined1 for Offences against Laws of Customs and Excise.

C. 108.

A.D. 1825.

direct that the Whole or any Part of the Proportion of such Seizure, be applied to the Use of His Majesty

LXX. And Whereas it hath frequently happened that Spirits have been imported and brought into the Ports of this Kingdom in small Casks, and that the Persons importing and bringing the same have alleged that the same had been found floating upon or sunk in the Sea; and there is Reason to believe that great Frauds have been practised with regard to such Spirits, by the Persons so importing and bringing in the same, and so alleging as aforesaid; and it is therefore expedient, in order to prevent the like Frauds in future, that Persons not lawfully authorized to make Seizure of such Spirits should be restrained from intermeddling with or taking up any such Spirits, being in Casks of less Content than Forty Gallons, which may be found floating upon or sunk in the Sea; Be it therefore enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors, other than an Officer or Officers of the Navy, Customs or Excise, or some Person or Persons authorized in that Behalf, shall intermeddle with or take up any Spirits, being in Casks of less Content than Forty Gallons, which may be found floating upon or sunk in the Sea; and that if any Spirits shall be taken up, and shall be found or discovered on board any Vessel or Boat belonging as aforesaid, within the Limits of any Port of the United Kingdom or Isle of Man, or within the Distances in this Act before mentioned, the Vessel or Boat on which the same shall be found or discovered, together with such Spirits, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit he Penalty of Treble the Value of such Spirits, or the Sum of Fifty Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall discover any Spirits, being in Casks of less Content than Forty Gallons, which may be found floating upon or sunk in the Sea, and shall give Information to any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons duly authorized to make Seizure of such Spirits, so that Seizure shall be made of the same, the Person or Persons giving such Information shall be entitled to and shall receive such Reward as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs may deem it expedient to direct.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That for the necessary Subsistence of any poor Person confined in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, under or by virtue of any Exchequer or other Process for the Recovery of any Duties or Penalties, either upon Bond or otherwise, under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, sued for under or by virtue of any Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise to cause an Allowance, not exceeding the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenn} ^, and not less than Four Pence Halfpenny per Day, to be made to any such poor Person, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties of Customs or Excise, as the Case may require.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or imposed by this or any other Act relating

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

to the Revenue of Customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Exchequer in Scotland, or in Dublin, or in the Royal Courts of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, or by Information before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before any Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster in the Isle of Man: Provided always, that all the Powers vested in any Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners of PL's Majesty's Customs in and for Ireland, or any Two of them, and the Subcommissioners lawfully appointed in Ireland to hear and determine Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or any Three or more of such Subcommissioners, so far as regards any Offences committed in Ireland against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Offence shall be committed upon the High Seas against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or any Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred upon the High Seas for any Breach of such Act, such Offence shall, for the Purpose of Prosecution, be deemed and taken to have been committed and such Penalties and Forfeitures to have been incurred, at the Place on Land in the United Kingdom, or the Isle of Man, into which the Person committing such Offence, or incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be taken, brought or carried; and in case such Place on Land is situated within any City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate, as well any Justice of the Peace for such City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate, as any Justice of the Peace of the Count}^ within which such City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate is situated, shall have Jurisdiction to hear and determine all Cases of Offences against such Act so committed upon the High Seas; any Charter or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Offences against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs committed in any City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate, shall be deemed and taken to have been committed in the County within which such City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate is situated, and as well any Justices of the said City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate, as any Justices of any County in which such City, Borough, Liberty, Division, Franchise or Town Corporate is situated, shall have Jurisdiction to hear and determine the same.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where any Information shall be exhibited before Two or more Justices of the Peace or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Man, for the Recovery of any Penalty under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs (except as is hereinafter otherwise provided for), it shall and may be lawful for the said

Justices

76$

Jurisdiction.

Penalties and Forfeitures, how to be sued for.

Powers of Act vested in Commissioners for Ireland, &c.

Offences on the High Seas deemed to have been committed at the Place into which the Offender is taken.

Offences in Cities, &c. deemed as committed in the County.

Justices, See. in Isle of Man to summon Party accused, and in default of Ap- _ pearance to proceed to the

764

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Jurisdiction.

Hearing and Conviction

Proviso as to Imprisonment for Nonpayment of Penalties in the Isle of Man.

Justices empowered to mitigate Penalties in certain Cases.

Limitation of Suits in Courts of Record,

and of Informations before Justices, &c.

Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Man, and he or they is or are hereby authorized and required to summon the Party accused, and upon his, her or their Appearance or Default, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter, and upon due Proof thereof, either upon the voluntary Confession of such Party, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Jusices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Man, is and are hereby empowered to administer,) to convict the Offender or Offenders in the said Penalty or Penalties; and in case of the Nonpayment thereof, the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Man, is and are hereby authorized and required to cause the same, by Warrant of Distress and Sale under their Hands and Seals, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders; or (in case it shall appear to such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Mctny either upon the Confession of such Offender or Offenders, or otherwise, that such Offender or Offenders has or have not sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy the said Penalty or Penalties, it shall be lawful for such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Many in default of sufficient Distress) to commit such Offender or Offenders to any of His Majesty's Gaols in the County where the Offence shall have arisen, or wherein the Offender or Offenders shall have been found, there to remain until the Penalty or Penalties shall be paid: Provided always, that when any Person or Persons shall have been committed by any Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Man, to any Prison for the Nonpayment of such Penalty, or in default of Distress, it shall be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison, and he is hereby required to discharge such Person at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Date of such Warrant by which the said Person is committed to his Custody, and he or they shall be wholly discharged from the Payment of such Penalty or Penalties.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Party shall or may be convicted before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster as aforesaid, in any Penalty or Penalties incurred as aforesaid, (except as is hereinafter provided,) it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster of the Isle of Many in Cases where upon Consideration of the Circumstances he or they shall deem it expedient so to do, to mitigate the Payment of the said Penalty or Penalties, so as the Sum to be paid by such Party be not less than One fourth of the Amount of the Penalty in which such Party shall have been convicted.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Suits, Indictments or Informations exhibited for any Offence against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Exchequer, in Scotland or in Dublhiy or in the Royal Courts of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, shall and may be had, brought, sued or exhibited, within Three Years next after the Date of the Offence committed; and shall and may be exhibited before any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Governor, Deputy Governor or

Deemster

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV.

Deemster in the Isle of Man, within Six Months next after the Date of the Offence committed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information which shall be found or prosecuted for any Offence against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County of England; and any such Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced or prosecuted in Scotland, may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County in Scotland; and any such Indictment or Information which shall be found or commenced in Ireland, may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County in Ireland, in such Manner and Form as if the Offence had been committed in the said County where the said Indictment or Information shall be tried.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in alfCases of Information exhibited before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or any Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster as aforesaid, for the Forfeiture of any Goods whatsoever, seized under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs, or for the Prevention of Smuggling, and where the Party to whom such Goods belonged, or from whom they were seized, is known, it shall be lawful for the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to summon the said Party, and upon his, her or their Appearance or Default to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof that the said Goods are liable to Forfeiture under this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, to condemn the said Goods; and in case the Party from whom the said Goods have been seized is not known, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, and he or they is and are hereby required, to cause public Notice to be stuck up in the Royal Exchange if the Seizure is made in London, at the Market Cross if in Edinburgh, and at the Royal Exchange if in Dublin, and if the Seizure is made at any other Place, then a Notice shall be publicly read by the public Crier at the next Market Place, stating that the Goods have been so seized, and that the Hearing relative to the same will take place on a certain Day, not being less than Eight Days from the Date of the said Notice; and in default of any Persons Attendance in consequence of the said Notice, the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, are to proceed to the Hearing and Condemnation of the said Goods as aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster as aforesaid, before whom any Person liable to be arrested and detained, and who shall have been arrested and detained, for being found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or for unshipping, canning, conveying or concealing, or aiding, assisting or being concerned in unshipping, carrying, conveying or concealing any Spirits or Tobacco liable to Forfeiture under this or any such Act, shall be carried, on the Confession of such Person of such Offence, or on Proof thereof upon the Oaths of One or more credible

Witness

* 765

Jurisdiction

Indictments for Offences may be inquired into in any County of England, Scotland and Ireland.

Mode of Proceeding before Justices for Condemnation of seized Goods.

Persons detained for certain Offences, to pay a pecuniary Penalty, or if seafaring Men, to be sent into the Naval Service.

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV.

A.B.1825.

Jurisdiction.

Proviso.

And in the meantime imprisoned for a certain Time.

Proviso.

If on Examination of Persons convicted and sent on board His Majesty's Ships, they shall be found unfit, they shall be again conveyed before Magis-

Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Person of any such Offence; and every such Person so convicted as aforesaid shall immediately, upon such Conviction pay into the Hands of such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, for the Use of His Majesty, the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, without any Mitigation whatever, for any such Offence of which he shall be so convicted as aforesaid; or in default thereof the said Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, shall and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so convicted as aforesaid and making such Default as aforesaid, to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain until such Penalty shall he paid: Provided, that if the Person convicted of any such Offence or Offences shall be a Seaman or seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and shall not prove that he is not a Subject of His Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, and he and they is and are hereby required, in lieu of such Penalty, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or Officer of Customs or Excise, to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, such Person on board of any of His Majesty's Ships, in order to his serving His Majesty in His Naval Service for the Term of Five Years; and if such Person shall at any Time within that Period by any Means escape or desert from such Custody or Service respectively, he shall be liable at any Time or Times afterwards to be again arrested and detained by any Officer of the Customs, or any other Person, and delivered over as aforesaid to complete his Service of Five Years: Provided also, that if it shall be made to appear to any such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, that convenient Arrangement cannot be made at the Time of the Conviction of the said Party, for immediately carrying or conveying such Seaman or seafaring Man, so convicted as aforesaid, on board any of His Majesty's Ships in order to serve His Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices or Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, to commit any such Seaman or seafaring Man so convicted as aforesaid to any Prison or Gaol, there to remain in safe Custody for any Period not exceeding One Month, in order that Time may be given to make Arrangements for so conveying such Seaman or seafaring Man on board any of His Majesty's Ships as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to remit or mitigate any such Penalty, Punishment or Service as aforesaid, whether the Parties shall be seafaring Men or otherwise.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so convicted as a Seaman or a seafaring Man, and carried on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, shall, on Examination by any Surgeon or Surgeons of His Majesty's Navy, within One week after being so carried on board, be deemed to be unfit, and shall he refused on that Account to be received into His Majesty's Service, such Person shall, as soon as convenient, be conveyed before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or any Governor, Deputy

Governor

767

Governor or Deemster as aforesaid; and upon Proof that he has been refused to be received on board any of His Majesty's Ships as fit for His Majesty's Service, such Justices, Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to call upon the said Person to pay the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, without hearing any Evidence other than such Proof as last aforesaid; and in default of immediate Payment of the same into the Hands of the said Justices Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemster, for the Use of His Majesty, to commit the said Person to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain until such Penalty shall be paid: Provided always, that no Person so convicted as aforesaid, and ordered to serve on board any of His Majesty's Ships, shall be sent away from the United Kingdom on board of any such Ship in a less Time than One Month from the Date of such Conviction.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Informations before Justices of the Peace, Governors, Deputy Governors or Deemsters, for any Offences committed against this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, and all Convictions for such Offences, and Warrants of Justices of the Peace, Governors, Deputy Governors or Deemsters, founded upon such Convictions, shall be drawn respectively in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedules to this Act annexed.

LXXXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Time should be allowed to prepare Informations, Convictions and Warrants of i Commitment Be it declared and enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall have been arrested and detained by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, or duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling, for any Offence under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, and shall have been taken and carried before any Two Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, if it shall appear to such Justices that there is reasonable Cause to detain such Person or Persons, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized to order such Person or Persons to be detained a reasonable Time, as well before as after any Information has been exhibited against such Party; and at the Expiration of such Time, such Justices may proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Penalty shall be sued for as aforesaid, by Information against any Person in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Exchequer in Scotland or in Dublin, a Capias shall thereupon issue as the First Process specifying the Amount of the Penalty sued for; and such Person against whom such Capias shall issue shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security, by natural born Subjects or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit and Prosecution; and shall likewise at the Time of such appearing give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence

Jurisdiction.

trates, and convicted in Penalty of 100/ .; and in default of Payment, to be sent to GaoL

Informations, Sec. to be in the Form given in Schedule.

Persons arrested for certain Offences may be detained by Order of Justices.

Proceedings

thereon.

Capias as First Process may issue against Persons sued under this Act.

Bail and Proceedings,

6° GEO. IV.

Jurisdiction.

Persons arrested on Capias and not pleading, Judgment may issue.

Persons not worth 51. may defend Suits in fbrniA. pauperis.

Sheriff to grant Warrant on Writ of Capias indorsed by one of the Solicitors for the Customs.

C. 108.

A.D. 1825.

or Offences, in case he, she or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person against whom a Capias shall issue out of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record as aforesaid, shall be arrested upon such Capias, and taken to Prison for want of sufficient Bail, a Copy of the Information exhibited against such Person shall be served upon him or her in Gaol, or delivered to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey of the Prison in which such Person shall be confined; and if such Person shall neglect or refuse to appear or plead to the said Information for the Space of One Term, Judgment shall be entered by Default; and in case Judgment shall be obtained against any such Person or Persons by Default, Verdict or otherwise, and such Person or Persons shall not pay the Sum recovered against him, her or them for his, her or their Offence, Execution shall be thereupon awarded and issued, not only against the Body or Bodies, of the Person or Persons so in Prison as aforesaid, but against all the Real and Personal Estates of such Person or Persons, for such Sum or Sums of Money so as aforesaid recovered against him, her or them.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person arrested and imprisoned by virtue of any Writ of Capias as aforesaid, shall make Affidavit before the Judge or Judges of the Court where the Information shall be brought, or before any other Person commissioned to take Affidavits in such Court, that he or she is not worth, over and above his or her Wearing Apparel, the Sum of Five Pounds, (which said Affidavit the said Judge or Judges of such Court, and such Person so commissioned, is and are hereby authorized and required so to take,) and such Person shall thereupon petition such Court to defend himself or herself against such Information in forma pauperis, that then the Judge or Judges of such Court shall, according to their Discretion, admit such Person to defend himself against such Information, in the same Manner and with the same Privileges as the Judges of such Court are by Law directed and authorized to admit poor Subjects to commence Actions for the Recovery of their Rights and for that End and Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Judges of such Courts to assign Counsel learned in the Law, and to appoint an Attorney and Clerk of such Court, to advise and carry on any legal Defence that such Person can make against such Action or Information, and which said Counsel, Attorney and Clerk, so assigned and appointed, is and are hereby required to give his and their Advice and Assistance to such Person, and to do their Duties without Fee or Reward.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Writ of Capias or other Process, shall issue out of any Court, directed to any Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff or other Person, having the Execution of Process in any County, City or Liberty, against any Person who shall be guilty of any Offence whatsoever, against this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, every such Sheriff, Mayor or Bailiff and other Person, having Execution of Process as aforesaid, and their and every of their Under Sheriffs, Deputies and other Persons acting for them in the said Office and Offices respectively, shall and are hereby enjoined and required, upon the Request or

Appli '

6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

7 69

Application of one of the Solicitors for the Customs (such Request to be in Writing, and indorsed upon the Back of the said Process, and signed by such Solicitor, with his Name and Addition of Solicitor for the Customs) to grant a special Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as shall be named to them by such Solicitor, for the apprehending such Offender or Offenders; or in default thereof, every such Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, Under Sheriff and other Person acting in the said Office or Offices respectively, shall be subject and liable to such Process of Contempt, Fines, Amerciaments, Penalties and Forfeitures, as they or any of them are now by any Law, Custom or Usage liable to in case of refusing or neglecting to execute the like Process where the Defendant might have been taken thereupon in the common and usual Method of Proceeding.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, Under Sheriff and other Persons so granting or making out such special Warrant as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby saved harmless, and indemnified against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, of and from all Escapes of any Person or Persons who shall or may be taken by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid, which shall or may happen from the Time of taking such Offender or Offenders till he, she or they shall be committed to the proper Gaol or Prison, or offered and tendered to the Gaol Keeper or other Person having Charge of such Gaol or Prison (who is hereby enjoined and required to receive every such Person or Persons so apprehended as aforesaid, and give a Receipt for his her and their Body or Bodies), and of and from all Actions, Prosecutions, Processes of Contempt and other Proceedings for or by reason of such Escape; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be permitted to be entered to any Vessel, Boat or Goods seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, and returned into His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in the United Kingdom, unless such Claim is entered in the true and real Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Vessel, Boat or Goods so claimed, describing the Place of Residence, and the Business or Profession of such Person or Persons; and if such Person or Persons shall reside at London, Edinburgh or Dublin, or within the Liberties thereof, Oath shall be made by him, her or them, before One of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer respectively, that the Vessel, Boat or Goods so claimed was or were really and truly the Property of him, her or them at the Time of such Seizure; but if such Person or Persons shall not be resident in London, Edinburgh or Dublin, or the Liberties thereof, then and in such Case Oath shall be made in like Manner by the Agent or Attorney, or Solicitor, by whom such Claim shall be entered, that he has full Power and legal Authority and Directions from such Owner or Proprietor to enter such Claim, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, such Vessel, Boat or Goods were at the Time of the Seizure thereof bona fide and truly the real Property of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Claim is entered, which Oath shall be respectively indorsed and certified, 6 Geo. IV. 3D on

Jurisdiction.

Penalty on Default.

Sheriff indemnified from Escapes in Cases where Warrants granted at Request of Solicitor for the Customs.

Claims for seized Goods to be entered in the Name of the real Owner.

Proviso where Owner not resident in London, Edinburgh or Dublin.

770

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Jurisdiction.

False Oath. Perjury.

No Writ of Delivery for seized Goods to be granted, but in the case herein mentioned.

Upon Entry of Claim, Security for Costs occasioned thereby as herein mentioned.

If Suit brought on account of any Seizure, and Judge shall certify that there was probable Cause, Plaintiff to have 2d. Damages only, and Defendant fined 3iot more than One Shilling.

on the Back of the Indenture of Appraisement upon which such Claim shall be entered, and on Failure thereof the Vessel, Boat or Goods shall be absolutely condemned, and Judgment shall be entered thereon by Default, according to the usual Method of Proceedings of the Court, in the same Manner as if no Claim had been entered thereto; and every Person who shall be convicted of making or taking a false Oath to any of the Facts hereinbefore directed or required to be sworn, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons arc liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XC. And be it further enacted, That no Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Court of Exchequer to any Person making claim as aforesaid, for any Vessel, Boat or Goods seized as liable to Forfeiture under this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, unless a Delay of Proceeding to Tria land Condemnation for the Space of Three Terms shall have taken place, and in that Case not until good Security be given in Double the appraised Value of such Vessel, Boat or Goods, to return the same, or to pay the full Amount of such Security upon Condemnation.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry of any Claim to any Boat or Vessel, or to any Goods seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, the Person or Persons who shall enter the Claim as the Owners or Proprietors thereof (in case such Claimant shall reside in the United Kingdom), shall be bound with Two other sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and if such Owner or Proprietor shall not reside in the United Kingdom, then and in such Case the Attorney or Solicitor by whose Direction such Claim shall be entered, shall in like Manner be bound with Two other sufficient Securities in the like Penalty, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Information or Suit shall be commenced or brought to Trial on account of the Seizure of any Vessel, Boat or Goods, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, or any Horses or other Animals, or any Carriage seized as forfeited by this or any Act relating to the Revenue of the Customs, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimant thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the same shall have been tried, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, such Judge or Court shall certify on the Record, that there was such probable Cause; and in such Case the Claimant shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person who made such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment or other Suit or Prosecution on account of such Seizure; and that in case any Action, Indictment or other Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced and brought to trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of any such Seizure as aforesaid, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action, Indictment or Prosecution shall be tried, shall have certified on the said Record, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides the Things seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above Two Peuce Damages, nor bo any

C. 108.

Ill

Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above One Shilling.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Writ shall be sued out against, nor a Copy of any Process served upon any Officer of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs or Excise, or against any Person acting under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, for any Thing done in the Execution of or by reason of his Office, until One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him, or left at his usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee of Twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing or serving of every such Notice, and no more.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff in any Case where an Action shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall receive any Verdict against such Officer or Person, unless he shall prove on the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given; and in default of such Proof, the Defendant in such Action shall receive a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or other Person to whom such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, at any Time within One Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his, her or their Agent or Attorney, and in case the same is not accepted to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, that then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant upon Demurrer, then such Defendant shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; but if upon Issue joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, together with his, her or their Costs of Suit.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgments shall

3 D 2 be

Jurisdiction.

Limitation of Process to be sued out against Officers making Seizures. Notice.

Fee.

No Evidence to be adduced but what is contained in the Notice.

Proof of Notice.

Officer may tender Amends,

In what case Costs as if General Issue only pleaded.

Officer neglecting to tender Amends may pay Money into Court,

772

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Limitation of such Act.

General Issue.

Jurisdiction, be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions

---- where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Facts were committed, and not in an37 other Count}' or Place, and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall or may receive Treble Costs. Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

Judges of the

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person

liench may issue Warrant for the Apprehension of Offenders, & c.

Coui-tof King's shall be charged with any Offence against this or any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, or for which he or she may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of the same Court by Affidavit or by Certificate of an Information or Indictment being filed against such Person in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other Judge of the same Court, or before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in order to his or her being bound to the King's Majesty7, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any such Offence; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse to become hound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice respectively to commit such Person to the Common Gaol of the Count}7, City or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he or she shall have been apprehended, there to remain until he or she shall become bound as aforesaid or shall be discharged by Order of the Court in Term Time, or of One of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation; and the Recognizance to be thereupon taken shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in force until such Person shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction, shall have received Judgment for the same, unless sooner ordered by the Court to be discharged; and that where any Person, either by virtue of such Warrant of Commitment aforesaid, or by virtue of any Writ of Capias ad respondendum, issued out of the said Court, is now detained, or shall hereafter be committed to and detained in any Gaol for want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, to cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to such Person, or to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey of the Gaol wherein such Person is or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Person

shall,

Offender not giving Security, Proceedings.

Recognizance to be filed.

6° GEO. IV. C. 10S,

773

shall, within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty will be entered thereto in the Name of such Person; and in case he or she shall thereupon, for the Space of Eight Daj^s after the Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neglect to cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer, to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon Affidavit being made and tiled in the Court of the Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Person, or to such Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey, as the Case may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the said Court, authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information for such Person; and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant in such Indictment or Information appeared and pleaded Not Guilty, according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that, if upon Trial of such Indictment or Information, any Defendant so committed and detained as aforesaid shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him or her, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be One of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench, to order that such Defendant shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody as to his or her Commitment as aforesaid, and such Defendant shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be arrested by a Writ of Capias ad respondendum, issuing out of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or out of any of the superior Courts of Record of either of the Counties Palatine, or out of any of the Courts of Great Session in Wales, at the Suit of the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Costs of the Prosecutor, shall assign to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Bail B >nd taken from such Person, by indorsing the same and attesting it under his Hand and Seal, in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, which may be done without any Stamp, provided the Assignment so indorsed be duly stamped before any Suit be commenced thereupon; and if such Bail Bond be forfeited, such Process shall thereupon issue as on Bonds originally made to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the Court in which such Bail Bond is put in Suit may, by Rule or Rules of the same Court, give such Relief to the Defendant or Defendants as is agreeable to Justice and Reason.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Indictment shall be preferred or Suit commenced for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise (except in the Cases of Persons detained and carried before Two or more Justices in pursuance of this Act),

3 D 3 unless

Jurisdiction,

Where Person > arrested by Capias give Bail, Sheriff to assign Bail Bond at Request of Prosecutor.

Suits to be commenced in Name of Attorney General, or an Offiecer of the Customs or Excise.

774

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Jurisdiction.

Attorney General may enter a Noli prosequi on Informations exhibited for Penalties.

Onus Probandi on Claimer.

Justice who is a Collector, &c. not to act.

Averment of certain Matters in Proceedings sufficient, until the contrary is proved.

Vi\A voce Evidence that a Party is an Officer.

Share of Penalty not to disqualify Officers as Witnesses.

unless such Suit shall be commenced in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or unless such Indictment shall be preferred under the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or unless such Suit shall be commenced in the Name of some Officer of Customs or Excise, under the Direction of the said Commissioners respectively.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any Prosecution whatever shall be commenced for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General, if he is satisfied that such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, or that it is inexpedient to proceed in the said Prosecution, to stop all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli prosequi, or otherwise, on such Information, as well with respect to the Share of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture to which any Officer or Officers may be entitled, as to the King's Share thereof.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods shall be seized for Nonpayment of Duties or any other Cause of Forfeiture, and any Dispute shall arise whether the Customs, Excise or Inland Duties have been paid for the same, or the same have been lawfully imported, or concerning the Place from whence such Goods were brought, then and in such Case the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not on the Officer who shall seize and stop the same.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace who is a Collector or Comptroller, or otherwise connected with the Collection of the Customs or Excise, shall take cognizance of any Matter relating to the summary Convictions of Persons offending against this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Information or Proceedings had under this or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, the Averment that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise have directed or elected such Information or Proceedings to be instituted, or that any Vessel is Foreign or Biitisk, or that any Person detained is or is not a Subject of His Majesty, or that any Person detained is or is not a Seaman or seafaring Man, or fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, or that any Person is an Officer of the Customs, shall be sufficient, without Proof as to such Fact or Facts, unless the Defendant in such Case shall prove to the contrary.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Trial a Question shall arise whether any Person is an Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, being duly authorized and on Full Pay, or Officer of Customs or Excise, Evidence of his having acted as such shall be deemed sufficient, and such Person shall not be required to produce his Commission or Deputation unless sufficient Proof shall be given to the contrary; and every such Officer, and any Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, shall be deemed a competent Witness upon the Trial of any Suit or Information, on account of any Seizure or Penalty as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Officer or other Person may be entitled to the Whole or any Part of such Seizure or Penalty.

CVI, And

6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

775

CVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Power, Authority or Protection is given or granted by this Act to any Officer or Officers of the Navy, Army or Marines, the same shall not extend or be construed to extend to any such Officer or Officers, unless such Officer or Officers shall be on full Pay, and employed for the Prevention of Smuggling under the proper Authority to which such Officer or Officers is or are subjected, or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, and such Officer or Officers shall be deemed to be duly authorized for the Purposes of this Act or any other Act relating to the Revenues of Customs; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, varied, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

FORM of an Information before Justices of the Peace, 'where the Party charged is a Subject of His Majesty, and a pecuniary Penalty is inflicted.

County of 1 |>E it remembered, That on the to wlt* J Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. Officer of Customs, who is directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to prefer this Information, gives us Esquires, Two of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to understand and be informed, that C. Z)., being a Subject of His Majesty, on the Day of in the Year of our

Lord [here state the Offence] contrary

to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, whereby the said C. D. hath forfeited the Sum of Pounds.

No. 2.

FORM of a Conviction to be used for an Offence against this Act, in Cases where a pecuniary Penalty is inflicted upon the Offender, being a Subject of His Majesty.

County of # O E it remembered, That on the

to wit* j Day of in the Year of our Lord

an Information was exhibited by A.B. Officer of Customs, before us Esquires, Two of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, against C. JD .; which said Information charged, that the said C. D. on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord [here

state the Offence as in the Information'] contrary to the Form of the Statute, which Offence has been duly proved before us the said Justices; we do therefore adjudge, that the said C. D. hath forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of Pounds.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day

of [In Cases where the Magistrates exercise the

Power of Mitigation, add these Words] " which said Sum of we the said Justices do hereby mitigate to the

Sum of

3 D f No. 3.

Jurisdiction.

Act not to extend to Officers of Army, Navy or Marines, unless on full Pay, and duly employed for the Prevention of Smuggling.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

776

C. 108.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No. 3.

FORM of Warrant of Commitment to Gaol for a Penalty.

County of ] TO A.B. Officer of Customs, and to E. F. the

to wit. j- Qaoier or Keeper of the at

in the

WHEREAS C. D. has been duly convicted before us

Esquires, Two of Elis Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of having [state the Offence as in the Information]: And Whereas we, the said Justices, did adjudge that the said C. X). had forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of Pounds (which Sum of Pounds we the said Justices

did mitigate to the Sum of .) (And Whereas it

appears to us the said Justices, that the said C. X). has not sufficient Goods or Chattels whereon to levy the said Sum of

and) which said Sum of Pounds

has not been paid; these are therefore to require you, the said A.B., forthwith to take, carry and convey the said C. X). to the at in the and

to deliver him into the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said; and we, the said Justices do hereb}r authorize

and require you the said E. F., the Gaoler or Keeper of the said

to receive and take the said C.jD. into your Custody, and him safely to keep, until he shall duly pay the said Sum of Given under our Elands and Seals at

in the of this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

One thousand eight hundred and

No. 4.

WARRANT of D istress.

crr' }ioai.

WHEREAS C. X). has been duly convicted before us

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the Offence of having Sjxere state the Offence as in the Information]: And Whereas the said C. X). has forfeited, for his said Offence, the Sum of Pounds, which said

Sum of Pounds has not been paid; these are

therefore to command you the said A.B., to levy the said Sum of by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said C. X). And we the said Justices, do hereby order and direct the Goods and Chattels so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within Days after such Distraint, unless

the said Sum of for which such Distress shall be made,

together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, shall be sooner paid. And you the said A.B. are hereby commanded to certify to us, the said Justices, on the Day of next ensuing, what you shall do by virtue of this

Warrant. Given under our Hands and Seals at in the

this Day of in the Year of our

Lord One thousand eight hundred and

10 No. 5.

6° GEO. IV. C. 108.

777

No. 5.

FORM of an Information before Justices of the Peace, where the Party charged is a Seaman or seafaring Man, and fit cftid able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service.

County of I I>E it remembered, That on the

to wit. | Day of in the Year of

our Lord A.B. Officer of Customs,

who is directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to prefer this Information, gives us

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to understand and be informed, that C. D. being a Subject of His Majesty, and a Seaman and seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord [here state the Offence'] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, whereby the said C. D. hath become liable to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, for the Term of Five Years.

No. 6.

FORM of a Conviction where the Party convicted is a Seaman or seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service.

County of 1 |2E it remembered, That on the to wit. j Day of in the Year of our Lord

an Information was exhibited before us Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of

the Peace, against C.D. by A.B. Officer of Customs, which said Information charged, that the said C. D. being a Subject of His Majesty, and a seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord \Jiere state the Offence as in the Information] contrary to the Form of the Statute, which Offence has been duly proved before us the said Justices; and it appearing to us the said Justices, that the said C. D. is a seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, we the said Justices do therefore adjudge the said C.D. to serve in His Majesty's Naval Service for the Term of Five Years. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year

of our Lord

No. 7.

FORM of a Warrant of Commitment to serve in the Navy.

. (TO A.B. Officer of County o J an(j to the Commander of One of His Majesty's

to wit. (Ships of War.

WHEREAS C. D. has been duly convicted before us,

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon the Information of

Officer of Customs, of having [here state

778

C.I08.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

the Offence, as charged in the Information]: And Whereas the said C. D. has not proved that he is not a Subject of His Majesty, and being a seafaring Man, and fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, we the said Justices did adjudge the said C. D. to serve His said Majesty in His Naval Service for the Space of Five Years, pursuant to the Statute in that Case made and provided; these are therefore to require you the said A.B. to carry and convey the said C. D. onboard of One of His Majesty's Ships, in order to his serving His Majesty in His Naval Service; and we, the said Justices, do hereby require the Commander of His Majesty's Ship to whom this Warrant is delivered, to receive and take the said C. D. on board His said Majesty's Ship in order to his serving in His Naval Service for the Period of Five Years as aforesaid. Given under our Hands and Seals at in the of this

Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

No. 8.

FORM of cm Information before Justices of the Peace, 'where the Party charged is not a Subject of His Majesty.

County of 1 E it remembered, That on the

to wit. j Day of in the Year of our

Lord A.B. Officer of Customs,

* who is directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to prefer this Information, gives us

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to understand and be informed, that O. D. not being a Subject of His Majesty, on the Day of in the Year

of our Lord \here state the

Offence, setting forth that the same took place within One League of the Coast of this Kingdom ] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, whereby the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

No. 9.

FORM of Conviction to be used for an Offence against this Act, in the Case of the Person charged not being a Subject of His Majesty.

County of T> E it remembered, That on the

to wit. j Day of in the Year of our Lord

an Information was exhibited by A.B. an Officer of the Customs, before us

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, against C. F>.y which said Information charged, that the said C. D. on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

\here state the Offence as in the Information, setting forth that the same took place within One League of the Coast of this Kingdom'] contrary to the Form of the Statute; which Offence has been duly proved before us the said Justices: we do therefore adjudge, that the said C. D. hath forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of Given under our

Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

No. 10.

6° GEO. IV. C. 108, 109.

779

No. 10.

FORM of Warrant of Commitment to Gaol, of a Person not being

a Subject of His Majesty.

County of to wit.

fTO A.B. Officer of Customs, and to E, F. the -< Gaoler or Keeper of the at

[in the

WHEREAS C. D. not being a Subject of His Majesty, has been duly convicted before us Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of having [here state the Offence as in the Information, setting fforth that the same took place 'with in One League of the Coast of this Kingdom:]: And Whereas we the said Justices did adjudge, that the said C. D. had forfeited for his said Offence, the Sum of which said Sum of has not been paid;

these are therefore to require you the said A.B. forthwith to take, carry and convey the said C, D. to the at

in the and to deliver him

into the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said

; and we the said Justices, do hereby authorize and require you the said E. F. the Gaoler or Keeper of the said to receive and take the said C. D. into your Custody, and him safely to keep until he shall duly pay the said Sum of Given under

our Hands and Seals, at in the of

this Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

No. 11.

FORM of an Information against an Officer of Customs.

County of 1 Y£E d remembered, That on the

to wit. J Day of in the Year of our

Lord A.B. Officer of

the Customs, who is directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to prefer this Information, gives us

Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to understand and be informed, that C. D. Officer of the Customs on, &c.

[here state the Offence] contrary, &c., whereby the said C. D. has forfeited the Sum of

[The Forms of Conviction and Commitment, numbered 2 and 3, may be applied to this Case.-\

CAP. CIX.

An Act for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of c.i05. ante, Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws § 1.

relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years, and that it is therefore highly expedient for the Interest of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also

for

780

C. 109.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

[Commencement of Act.]

Europe, enumerated Goods in British Ships, or Ships of Place, or Ships of Produce.

Goods of Asia, Africa or America, may not be imported from Europe; Exceptions.

Goods of Asia, Africa or America, may not be imported in Foreign Ships.

Exceptions.

1 far affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may: be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions con-c tained in them: And Whereas the Laws relating to the En-c couragement of British Navigation will thereby be repealed,

and it is expedient to make Provisions in lieu thereof, for the ' due Encouragement of British Shipping and British Seamen,

after such Repeal shall have Effect Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation, and shall constitute and be the Law of Navigation of the British Empire.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Sorts of Goods hereinafter enumerated, being the Produce of Europe; (that is to say,) Masts, Timber, Boards, Salt, Pitch, Tar, Tallow, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Currants, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oil, Corn or Grain, Pot Ashes, Wine, Sugar, Vinegar, Brandy and Tobacco, shall not be imported into the United Kingdom, to be used therein, except in British Ships, or in Ships of the Country of which the Goods are the Produce, or in Ships of the Country from which the Goods are imported.

III. And be it further enacted, That Goods, the Produce of Asia, Africa or America, shall not be imported from Europe into the United Kingdom, to be used therein, except the Goods hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

Goods, the Produce of Places in Asia or Africa within the Straits of Gibraltar or of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco, imported from Places in Europe within the Straits of Gibraltar: Goods, the Produce of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which (having been imported into Gibraltar or Malta in British Ships) may be imported from Gibraltar or Malta: Goods taken by way of Reprisal by British Ships:

Bullion, Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and other Jewels or Precious Stones.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Goods, the Produce of Asia, Africa or America, shall not be imported into the United Kingdom, to be used therein, in Foreign Ships, unless they be the Ships of the Country in Asia, Africa or America, of which the Goods are the Produce, and from which they are imported, except the Goods hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

Goods, the Produce of the Dominions of the Grand Seignor, in

Asia or Africa, which may be imported from his Dominions in Europe, in Ships of his Dominions:

Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, the Produce of Asia, which may be imported from the Dominions of the Grand Seignor in the Levant Seas, in Ships of his Dominions:

Bullion,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 109.

V. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That all manufactured Goods shall be deemed to be the Produce of the Country of which they are the Manufacture.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into the United Kingdom from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, except in British Ships.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be exported from the United Kingdom to any British Possession in Asia, Africa or America, nor to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, except in British Ships.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be carried coastwise, from one Part of the United Kingdom to another, except in British Ships.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be carried from any of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, to any other of such Islands; nor from one Part of any such Islands to another Part of the same Island, except in British Ships.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be carried from any British Possession in Asia, Africa or America, to any other of such Possessions, nor from one Part of any of such Possessions to another Part of the same, except in British Ships.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into any British Possession in Asia, Africa or America, in any Foreign Ships, unless they be Ships of the Country of which the Goods are the Produce, and from which the Goods are imported.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship shall be admitted to be a British Ship unless duly registered and navigated as such; and that every British registered Ship (so long as the Registry of such Ship shall be in force, or the Certificate of such Registry retained for the Use of such Ship) shall be navigated during the whole of every Voyage (whether with a Cargo or in Ballast), in every Part of the World by a Master who is a British Subject, and by a Crew, whereof Three fourths at least are British Seamen; and if such Ship be employed in a coasting Voyage from one Part of the United Kingdom to another, or in a Voyage between the United Kingdom and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or from one of the said Islands to another of them, or from one Part of either of them to another of the same, or be employed in fishing on the Coasts of the United Kingdom or of any of the said Islands, then the whole of the Crew shall be British Seamen.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all British built Boats or Vessels under Fifteen Tons Burthen, wholly owned and navigated by British Subjects, although not registered as British Ships, shall be admitted to be British Vessels, in all Navigation in the Rivers and upon the Coasts of the United Kingdom, or of the British Possessions abroad, and not proceeding over Sea, except within the Limits of the respective Colonial Governments within which the managing Owners of such Vessels respectively reside; and that all British built Boats or Vessels wholly owned and navigated by British Subjects, not exceeding the Burthen of Thirty Tons and not having a whole or a fixed

Deck,

781

Manufacture deemed Produce.

Importation from Guern- 5 sey, &c.

Exports to Asia, Guernsey, &c.

Coastwise.

Between

Guernsey,

&c.

Between Pos- ' sessions in Asia, &c.

Imports into the same.

No Ship British; unless registered, and navigated as such.

In what Case the whole of the Crew to be British Seamen.

In what Case Vessels under Fifteen Tons Burthen admitted in Navigation upon Itivers, Sec, although not registered.

Under 30 Tons for Newfoundland Fishery. J

C. 109.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Honduras Ships to be as British, in Trade with U.K.

Time of Clearance indorsed on Certificate.

Ship of Foreign Country to be of Built of, or Prize to such Country; or British built, and owned and navigated as herein mentioned.

In what Cases only Master and Seamen deemed British.

One proper Seaman to Twenty Tons sufficient.

Deck, and being employed solely in fishing on the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and of the Parts adjacent, or on the Banks and Shores of the Provinces of Canada, Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, adjacent to the Gulf of St. Lawrence or on the North of Cape Canso, or of the Islands within the same, or in trading coastwise within the said Limits, shall be admitted to be British Boats or Vessels, although not registered, so long as such Boats or Vessels shall be solely so employed.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Ships built in the British Settlements at Honduras, and owned and navigated as British Ships, shall be entitled to the Privileges of British registered Ships in all direct Trade between the United Kingdom and the said Settlements; provided the Master shall produce a Certificate under the Hand of the Superintendent of those Settlements, that satisfactory Proof has been made before him that such Ship (describing the same) was built in the said Settlements, and is wholly owned by British Subjects: Provided also, that the Time of the Clearance of such Ship from the said Settlements for every Voyage shall be endorsed upon such Certificate by such Superintendent.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship shall be admitted to be a Ship of any particular Country, unless she be of the Built of such Country; or have been made Prize of War to such Country; or have been forfeited to such Country under any Law of the same, made for the Prevention of the Slave Trade, and condemned as such Prize or Forfeiture by a competent Court of such Country; or be British built (not having been a Prize of War from British Subjects to any other Foreign Country); nor unless she be navigated by a Master who is a Subject of such Foreign Country, and by a Crew of whom Three fourths at least are Subjects of such Country; nor unless she be wholly owned by Subjects of such Country usually residing therein, or under the Dominion thereof: Provided always, that the Country of every Ship shall be deemed to include all Places which are under the same Dominion as the Place to which such Ship belongs.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to be a Master of a British Ship, or to be a British Seaman within the Meaning of this Act, except the natural born Subjects of His Majesty, or Persons naturalized by any Act of Parliament, or made Denizens by Letters of Denization; or except Persons who have become British Subjects by virtue of Conquest or Cession of some newly acquired Country, and who shall have taken the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, or the Oath of Fidelity required by the Treaty or Capitulation by which such newly acquired Country came into His Majesty's Possessions; or Persons who shall have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War in Time of War for the Space of Three Years: Provided always, that the Natives of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, although under British Dominion, shall not, upon the Ground of being such Natives, be deemed to be British Seamen: Provided always, that every Ship (except Ships required to be wholly navigated by British Seamen) which shall be navigated by One British Seaman, if a British Ship, or One Seaman of the Country of such Ship, if

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 109. 785

a Foreign Ship, for every Twenty Tons of the Burthen of such Ship, shall be deemed to be duly navigated, although the Number of other Seamen shall exceed One fourth of the whole Crew.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Exception.

be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation during What Foreign-War, to declare that Foreigners, having served Two Years on e*s maybede-board any of His Majesty's Ships of War in Time of such War, g^men miS1 shall be British Seamen within the Meaning of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no British registered British Ship not Ship shall be suffered to depart any Port in the United Kingdom,

or any British Possession in any Part of the World (whether with navigated, a Cargo or in Ballast), unless duly navigated: Provided always, proviso. & that any British Ships, trading between Places in America, may be navigated by British Negroes; and that Ships trading Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, within the Limits of the Bast India Company's Charter, may be navigated by Lascars or other Natives of Countries within those Limits.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any British registered Excess of Ship shall at any Time have, as Part of the Crew in any Part of Foreign Sea-the World, any Foreign Seaman not allowed by Law, the Master raen> Penalty; or Owners of such Ship shall for every such Foreign Seaman

forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that if a due Proviso where Proportion of British Seamen cannot be procured in any Foreign Seamen

Port, or in any Place within the Limits of the East India Com- £ure<T *or*Pro pany's Charter, for the Navigation of any British Ship; or if such portion de-Proportion be destroyed during the Voyage by any unavoidable stroyed; and Circumstance, and the Master of such Ship shall produce a Cer- Certificate pro-tificate of such Facts under the Hand of any British Consul, or of (Dced or Proot Two known British Merchants, if there be no Consul at the Place macc* where such facts can be ascertained, or from the British Governor of any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; or in the Want of such Certificate, shall make Proof of / ft: the Truth of such Facts-to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Controller of the Customs of any British Port, or of any Person authorized in any other Part of the World to inquire into the Navigation of such Ship, the same shall be deemed to be duly navigated.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty shall, at Proportion of any Time by His Royal Proclamation, declare that the Proportion Seamen may be of British Seamen necessary to the due Navigation of British ^il^ation Ships shall be less than the Proportion required by this Act,

every British Ship navigated with the Proportion of British Seamen required by such Proclamation shall be deemed to be duly navigated, so long as such Proclamation shall remain in force.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Goods Certain Goods of any Sort or the Produce of any Place, not otherwise prohibited l'rolnbited may than by the Law of Navigation hereinbefore containd, may be Exportation °l imported into the United Kingdom from any Place in a British Ship, and from any Place not being a British Possession in a Foreign Ship of any Country, and however navigated, to be warehoused for Exportation only, under the Provisions of any Law in force for the Time being, made for the warehousing of Goods Duty, without Payment of Duty upon the First Entry thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods be imported, Forfeiture and

exported,

C. 109, 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty,

Act may be altered, Scc. this Session.

c. 105. ante, § 1 *

[Commencement of Act.]

No Vessel to enjoy Privileges until registered.

Form of Certificate of Registry.

exported or carried coastwise, contrary to the Law of Navigation hereinbefore contained, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and the Master of such Ship shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CX.

An Act for the registering of British Vessels.

[5th July 1825.]

'WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years; and that it is therefore highly expedient for the Interest of Commerce and the Ends of Justice,

and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be, subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act all the Laws relating to the registering of British Vessels will be repealed; and it is expedient to make Regulations for the registering of such Ships and Vessels, after such Repeal shall have effect; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for the registering of British Vessels, except where any other Commencement is hereinafter particularly directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to any of the Privileges or Advantages of a British registered Ship, until the Person or Persons claiming Property therein shall have caused the same to be registered in Manner hereinafter mentioned, and shall have obtained a Certificate of such Registry from the Person or Persons authorized to make such Registry, and grant such Certificate as hereinafter directed; the Form of which Certificate shall be as follows: videlicet,

4 THIS is to certify, That in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Yrear of the Reign of King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act \Jiere insert the Title of this Act, the Names,

4 Occupation and Residence of the subscribing Owners], having taken and subscribed the Oath required by this Act, and having sworn that [he or they] together with [Names, Occupations i and Residence of non-subscribing Owners'] [is or are] sole Owner

4 or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

V.110.

785

or Owners, in the Proportions specified on the Back hereof, of

the Ship or Vessel called the [Ship's Name] of [Place to which

the Vessel belongs], which is of the Burthen of [Number of Tons'],

and whereof [Master s Name'] is Master, and that the said Ship

or Vessel was [token and where built, or condemned as Prize, refer-

ring to Builder s Certificate, Judge s Certificate or Certificate of

last Registry, then delivered up to be cancelled"], and [Name and

Employment of surveying Officer] having certified to us that the said Ship or Vessel has [Number] Decks and [Number j Masts,

that her length from the fore Part of the Main Stem to the after ' Part of the Stern Post aloft is [Number of Feet and Inches], her Breadth at the broadest Part [stating whether that be above or ' below the Main Wales] is [Number of Feet and Inches], her

[Height between Decks, if more than One Deck, or Depth in the Hold, if only One Deck] is [Number of Feet and Inches], that she is [how rigged] rigged with a [standing or running] Bowsprit,

is [Description of Stern] sterned [Carvel or Clinker] built, has

[whether any or no] Gallery, and [Kind of Head, if any] Head;

and the said subscribing Owners having consented and agreed to the above Description, and having caused sufficient Security to

be given, as is required by the said Act, the said Ship or Vessel called the [Name] has been duly registered at the Port of [Name - of Port]. Certified under our Hands at the Custom House, in the said Port of [Name of Port] this [Date] Day of [Name of

Month] in the Year [Words at Length].

£ [Signed] Collector.

£ [Signed] Comptroller. '

And on the Back of such Certificate of Regis try there shall be Shares to be an Account of the Parts or Shares held by each of the Owners indorsed, mentioned and described in such Certificate, in the Form and Manner following:

£ Names of the several Owners Number of Sixty fourth Shares within mentioned. held by each Owner.

£ [Name ---- Thirty-two.

[Name ---- Sixteen.

£ [Name ---- Eight.

4 [Name ---- — ---- Eight.]

4 Collector.

£ [Signed] Comptroller. '

III. And be it further enacted, That the Persons authorized What Persons and required to make such Registry and grant such Certificates authorized to shall be the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs make Registry in any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ^rica^es^ er- and in the Isle of Man respectively, in respect of Ships or Vessels to be there registered; and the principal Officers of His Majesty's Customs in the Island of Guernsey or Jersey, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of those Islands respectively, in respect of Ships or Vessels to be there registered; and the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs of any Port in the Colonies, Plantations, Islands and Territories to His Majesty belonging in Asia, Africa and America, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of such Colonies, Plantations, Islands and Territories 6 Geo. IV. 3 E respect-

786

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 18S.

Proviso as to Vessels registered at Malta, Gibraltar or Heligoland.

Certain Powers of Collectors and Controllers, by whom to be exercised in certain Cases herein mentioned.

What Commissioners of Customs in England, Ireland and Scotland, and Governors, &c. may act.

Ships exercising Privileges before Registry, forfeited.

respectively, in respect of Ships or Vessels to be there registered; and the Collector of Duties at any Port in the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, and other Territories belonging to His Majesty within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, payable to the said Company, or any other Person of the Rank in the said Company's Service of Senior Merchant, or of Six Years standing in the said Service, being respectively appointed to act in the Execution of this Act, by any of the Governments of the said Company in India, in any Ports in which there shall be no Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs in respect of Ships or Vessels to be there registered; and the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of Malta, Gibraltar, Heligoland and Cape of Good Hope, respectively, in respect of Ships or Vessels to be there registered: Provided always, that no Ship or Vessel shall be registered at Malta, Gibraltar or Heligoland, except such as are wholly of the Built of those Places respectively, and such Ships or Vessels shall not be registered elsewhere; and that such Ships or Vessels so registered shall not be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships in any Trade between the said United Kingdom and any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in America to His Majesty belonging: Provided also, that wherever in and by this Act it is directed or provided that any Act, Matter or Thing shall and may be done or performed by, to or with any Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, the same shall or may be done or performed by, to or with the principal Officers of Customs in the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, together with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of those Islands respectively, and also by, to or with such Collector or other Person in India in the Service of the East India Company as aforesaid, and also by, to or with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of Malta, Gibraltar, Heligoland or Cape of Good Hope, and according as the same Act, Matter or Thing is to be done or performed at the said several and respective Places, and within the Jurisdiction of the said several Persons respectively: Provided also, that wherever in and by this Act it is directed or provided that any Act, Matter or Tiling shall or may be done or performed by, to or with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, the same shall or may be done or performed by to or with the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively, and also by, to or with the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of any Place where any Ship or Vessel may be registered under the Authority of this Act, so far as such Act, Matter or Thing can be applicable to the registering of any Ship or Vessel at such Place.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel not being duly registered, and not having obtained such Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, shall exercise any of the Privileges of a British Ship, the same shall be subject to Forfeiture, and also all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel to the same Ship or Vessel belonging, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to affect

O.

6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

787

the Privileges of any Ship or Vessel which shall have been registered by virtue of any Act or Acts which was or were in force for the Registry of British Ships and granting Certificates thereof prior to the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, or by virtue of any Act or Acts which was or were in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, until such Time or Times as such Ships or Vessels shall be required by this Act to be registered de novo under the Regulations thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall be registered, or having been registered, shall be deemed to be duly registered by virtue of this Act, except such as are wholly of the Built of the said United Kingdom, or of the Isle of Man, or of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of some of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in Asia, Africa or America, or of Malta, Gibraltar or Heligoland, which belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, at the Time of the Building of such Ships or Vessels, or such Ships or Vessels as shall have been condemned in any Court of Admiralty as Prize of War, or such Ships or Vessels as shall have been condemned in any competent Court as forfeited for the Breach of the Laws made for the Prevention of the Slave Trade, and which shall wholly belong and continue wholly to belong to His Majesty's Subjects, duly entitled to be Owners of Ships or Vessels registered by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall continue to enjoy the Privileges of a British Ship after the same shall have been repaired in a Foreign Country, if such Repairs shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel, unless such Repairs shall have been necessary by reason of extraordinary Damage sustained by such Ship or Vessel during her Absence from His Majesty's Dominions, to enable her to perform the Voyage in which she shall have been engaged, and to return to some Port or Place of the same Dominions; and whenever airy Ship or Vessel which has been so repaired in a Foreign Country shall arrive at any Port in His Majesty's Dominions as a British registered Ship or Vessel, the Master or other Person having the Command or Charge of the same shall, upon the First Entry thereof, report upon Oath to the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at such Port, that such Ship or Vessel has been so repaired, under Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel according to the Admeasurement thereof; and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, that such Ship or Vessel was Seaworthy at the Time when she last departed from any Port or Place in His Majesty's Dominions, and that no greater Quantity of such Repairs have been done to the said Vessel than was necessary as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon a full Consideration of all the Circumstances, to direct the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived, or where she shall then be, to certify on the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel, that it has been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, that the Privileges of the said Ship or Vessel have not

3 E % been

Proviso for Vessels already registered, till required to be registered de novo.

What Ships only are entitled to be registered.

Foreign Repaid not to exceed 20s. per Ton,

Master, on Arrival, to report such Repairs,

Penalty. Necessity of such Repairs to be proved to Commissioners of Customs.

Certificate

thereof.

788

6° GEO. IV.

Where Combination of Workmen,

Privy Council may permit Owners to proceed to Foreign Ports for Repairs.

Privy Council may permit Vessels to proceed on Voyage with a less Number of British Seamen than required by Law.

Ships declared unseaworthy, deemed Ships lost or broken up.

British Ships captured not entitled to Registry. Proviso for condemned Ships.

c. no.

A.D. 1825.

been forfeited, notwithstanding the Repairs which have been done to the same in a Foreign Country.

VII. And Whereas it has recently happened that the Owners of British Ships have been unable to effect the necessary Repairs to their Vessels in British Ports, by reason of Combinations of Workmen: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for Relief of the Ship Owners in such Cases, in order that the Voyages of British Ships may not be frustrated by such Means,

4 to the great Detriment of the Commerce and Navigation of the Empire; Be it therefore enacted, That for Two Years from and after the passing of this Act, when and as often as it shall appear expedient to the Lords and others of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them, to make and issue their Order in behalf of the Master or Owners of any such Ship, permitting the same to proceed to some Foreign Port or Ports, to be named in such Order, and there to be repaired to such Extent as shall be necessary for the Voyage in which such Ship is engaged.

VIII. And Whereas by the Law of Navigation British Ships cannot proceed to Sea unless they be navigated by a Crew, of which Three fourths at least are British Seamen, and it has recently happened that the Owners of British Ships have been unable to procure proper Crews for their Ships, by reason of Combinations of Seamen; Be it therefore enacted, That for Two Years from and after the passing of this Act, when and as often as it shall appear expedient to the Lords and others of His Majesty's Privy Council, it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them, to make and issue their Order in behalf of the Master or Owners of any such Ship, permitting such Ship to proceed upon her Voyage with a less Number of British Seamen than is required by the Law of Navigation; and every Ship or Vessel which shall be navigated with the Number of British Seamen required in such Order shall be deemed to be duly navigated any Thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel registered under the Authority of this or any other Act, shall be deemed or declared to be stranded or unseaworthy, and incapable of being recovered or repaired to the Advantage of the Owners thereof, and shall for such Reasons be sold by Order or Decree of any competent Court for the Benefit of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or other Persons interested therein, the same shall be taken and deemed to be a Ship or Vessel lost or broken up to all Intents and Purposes within the Meaning of this Act, and shall never again be entitled to the Privileges of a British built Ship for any Purposes of Trade or Navigation.

X. And be it further enacted, That no British Ship or Vessel, which has been or shall hereafter be captured by and become Prize to an Enemy or sold to Foreigners, shall again be entitled to the Privileges of a British Ship: Provided always, that nothing contained in this Act shall extend to prevent the registering of any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall be condemned in any Court of Admiralty as Prize of War, or in any competent Court for Breach of Laws made for the Prevention of the Slave Trade.

6° GEO. IV. C. 110. 789

XL. And be it further enacted, That no such Registry shall Stops to be rehereafter be made, or Certificate thereof granted, by any Person ^hicli

or Persons hereinbefore authorized to make such Registry and th belong, grant such Certificate, in any other Port or Place than the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel shall properly belong, except so far as relates to such Ships or Vessels as shall be condemned as Prizes in any of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, which Ships or Vessels shall in future be registered in manner hereinafter directed; but that ail and every Registry and Certificate, Commissioners granted in any Port or Place to which an}^ such Ship or Vessel of Customs may-does not properly belong, shall be utterly null and void to all In- permit Registry tents and Purposes, unless the Officers aforesaid shall be specially at other Ports" authorized and empowered to make such Registry and grant such Certificate in any other Port, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, which Order the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to issue in manner aforesaid, if they shall see fit; and at every Port where Registry shall be made in pursuance of this Act, a of Re-

Book shall be kept by the Collector and Comptroller, in which all j^s^rsto be the Particulars contained in the Form of the Certificate of the Registry hereinbefore directed to be used, shall be duly entered; and every Registry shall be numbered in Progression, beginning Accounts of such progressive Numeration at the Commencement of each and Certificates every Year and such Collector and Comptroller shall forthwith, Customs*0 or within One Month at the farthest, transmit to the Commissioners U of His Majesty's Customs a true and exact Copy, together with the Number of every Certificate which shall be by them so granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel shall ports to which be deemed to belong to some Port at or near to which some or Vessels deemed One of the Owners, who shall take and subscribe the Oath required to belong, by this Act before Registry be made, shall reside; and whenever such Owner or Owners shall have transferred all his or their Share suJscribim^ ° or Shares in such Ship or Vessel, the same shall be registered de Owners Re-novo before such Ship or Vessel shall sail or depart from the Port gistry de novo; to which she shall then belong, or from any other Port which shall R cannot be be in the same Part of the United Kingdom, or the same Colony, macle> Ship Plantation, Island or Territory as the said Port shall be in: Provided always, that if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel Permission in-cannot in sufficient Time comply with the Requisites of this Act, dorsed on Cer-so that Registry may be made before it shall be necessary for such tificate.

Ship or Vessel to sail or depart upon another Voyage, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship or Vessel may then be, to certify upon the Back of the existing Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel, that the same is to remain in force for the Voyage upon which the said Ship or Vessel is then about to sail or depart: Provided also, that if any Ship or Vessel shall be built in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Ships built in Islands or Territories in Asia, Africa or America, to His Majesty Foreign Pos-belonging, for Owners residing in the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to proceed to any Part of the den An United United Kingdom, whether by a direct or circuitous Voyage, and Kingdom, may there to import a Cargo, before Registry shall have been made of proceed on re-such Ship or Vessel; provided the Master of such Ship or Vessel, ceivinS Cer-

3 E 3 or

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

tificate from Collector, &c.

Force^of such Certificate.

Persons residing in Foreign Countries may not be Owners; unless as herein mentioned.

Oath by subscribing Owners previous to llegistry.

Proportion of Owners who shall subscribe and take the Oath.

or the Agent for the Owner or Owners thereof shall have produced to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port at or near to which such Ship or Vessel was built, or from which she shall be cleared for her Voyage as aforesaid, the Certificate of the Builder required by this Act, and shall have made Oath before such Collector and Comptroller, of the Names and Descriptions of the principal Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and that she is the identical Ship or Vessel mentioned in such Certificate of the Builder, and that no Foreigner, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, has any Interest therein; whereupon the Collector and Comptroller of such Port shall cause such Ship or Vessel to be surveyed and measured in like Manner as is directed for the Purpose of registering any Ship or Vessel, and shall give the Master of such Ship or Vessel a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, purporting to be under the Authority of this Act, and stating when and where, and by whom such Ship or Vessel was built, the Description, Tonnage and other Particulars required on Registry of any Ship or Vessel, and the Voyage for which such Ship or Vessel is cleared by them; and such Certificate shall for such Voyage, have all the Force and Virtue of a Certificate of Registry under this Act; and such Collector and Comptroller shall transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who has taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State, except under the Terms of some Capitulation, unless he shall afterwards become a Denizen or naturalized Subject of the United Kingdom, b}' His Majesty's Letters Patent, or by Act of Parliament; nor any Person usually residing in any Country not under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors, unless he be a Member of some British Factory, or Agent for or Partner in any House or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be entitled to be the Owner, in Whole or in Part, directly or indirectly, of any Ship or Vessel required and authorized to be registered by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Registry shall henceforth be made, or Certificate granted, until the following Oath be taken and subscribed before the Person or Persons hereinbefore authorized to make such Registry and grant such Certificate respectively, (which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer,) by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned by or belongs to One Person only; or in case there shall be Two joint Owners, then by both of such joint Owners, if both shall be resident within Twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required, or by One of such Owners, if One or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distance from such Port or Place; or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed Two, then by the greater Part of the Number of such Owners or Proprietors, if the greater Number of them shall be resident within Twenty Miles of such Port or Place as aforesaid, nor in any Case exceeding Three of such Owners or Proprietors, unless a greater Number shall be desirous to join in taking and subscribing the said Oath, or by One of such Owners, if all, or all except One, shall be resident at a greater Distance:

I A.B

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110. 791

4 T A.B. of [Place of Residence and Occupation'] do make Oath, Form of Oath.

That the Ship or Vessel [Name] of [Port or Place] whereof [Masters Name'] is at present Master, being [Kind of Built,

Buthen, et caetera, as described in the Certificate of the surveying Officer,] was [when and where built, or f Prize or forfeited, Capture and Condemnation, as such], and that I the said A, B.

[and the other Owners' Names and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet, Town, Place or Parish, and County,

or if Member of and resident in any Factory in Foreign Parts,

or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town or City, and the Names of such House or Copartnership] am [or are] sole Owner [or Owners] of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title,

4 Interest, Share or Property therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B.

[and the said other Owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a Subject [or Subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other Owners, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State whatever, [except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof] or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign Sates respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have taken the same], I have [or he or they hath or have]

become a Denizen [or Denizens, or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the Case may be] of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by His Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Year or Years in which such Act or Acts for Naturalization have passed respectively,] and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly hath any Share or Part Interest in the said Ship or Vessel. '

Provided always, that if it shall become necessary to register any Proviso as to Ship or Vessel belonging to any Corporate Body in the United Ships betong-Kingdom, the following Oath, in lieu of the Oath hereinbefore inS to Corpo-directed, shall be taken and subscribed by the Secretary or other rate Bodies# proper Officer of such Corporate Body; (that is to say,)

4 T A.B. Secretary or Officer of [Name of Company or Corporation], do make Oath, That the Ship or Vessel [Name] of [Port]

whereof [Master s Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of Built, Burthen, et caetera, as described in the Certificate of the surveying Officer] was [when and where built, or if Prize or forfeited, Capture and Condemnation as such], and that the same doth wholly and truly belong to [Name of Company or Corporation].

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the required Num- Addition to her of Joint Owners or Proprietors of any Ship or Vessel shall not Oath in case personally attend to take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore di- Iie required rected to be taken and subscribed, then and in such Case such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, as shall personally I10t atten(1 attend, and take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, shall further make Oath, that the Part Owner or Part Owners of such Ship or

3 E I. Vessel

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

792

Vessels to be surveyed previous to Registry.

Particulars of Survey.

Certificate of Survey to be given;

Owner or Master concurring therein.

Mode of Admeasurement to ascertain Tonnage.

Mode of ascci-taming Tonnage when Vessels are afloat.

Vessel then absent is or are not resident within Twenty Miles of such Port or Place, and hath or have not to the best of his or their Knowledge or P>elief wil fully absented himself or themselves, in order to avoid the taking the Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken and subscribed, or is or are prevented by Illness from attending to take and subscribe the said Oath.

XVI. And in order to enable the Collector and Controller of ITis Majesty's Customs to grant a Certificate, truly and ac-k curately describing every Ship or Vessel to be registered in pursuance of this Act, and also to enable all other Officers of His Majesty's Customs, on due Examination, to discover whether any such Ship or Vessel is the same with that for which a Certificate is alleged to have been granted; Be it enacted, That previous to the registering or granting of any Certificate of Registry as aforesaid some One or more Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, (taking to his or their Assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary. One or more Person or Persons skilled in the Building and Admeasurement of Ships,) shall go on board of every such Ship or Vessel as is to be registered, and shall strictly and accurately examine and admeasure every such Ship or Vessel as to all and every Particular contained in the Form of the Certificate hereinbefore directed, in the Presence of the Master, oiyof any other Person who shall be appointed for that Purpose on the Part of the Owner or Owners, or in his or their Absence by the said Master; and shall deliver a true and just Account in Writing of all such Particulars of the Built, Description and Admeasurement of every such Ship or Vessel as are specified in the Form of the Certificate above recited, to the Collector and Comptroller authorized as aforesaid to make such Registry and grant such Certificate of Registry; and the said Master or other Person, attending on the Part of the Owner or Owners, is hereby required to sign his Name also to the Certificate of such surveying or examining Officer, in Testimony of the Truth thereof, provided such Master or other Person shall consent and agree to the several Particulars set forth and described therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Tonnage of Ships or Vessels, the Rule for Admeasurement shall be as fallows; videlicet, the Length shall he taken on a straight Line along the Rabbet of the Keel, from the Back of the Main Sternp-ost to a perpendicular lane from the fore Part of the Main Stem under the Bowsprit, 'from which subtracting Three fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage, and the Breadth shall be taken from the Outside of the outside Plank in the broadest Part of the Ship, whether that shall be above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all manner of doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship, then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing the whole by Ninety four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage.

XVIII. And Whereas it would in some Cases endanger Ships or Vessels to cause them to be laid on shore; Be it therefore enacted, That in Cases where it may be necessary lo ascertain

the

6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

79*3

tv-

the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel when afloat, according to the foregoing Rule, the following Method shall be observed; that is to say, drop a Plumb Line over the Stern of the Ship, and measure the Distance between such Line and the after Part of the Stern Post at the Load Water Mark; then measure from the Top of the Plumb Line, in a parallel Direction with the Water, to a perpendicular Point immediately over the Load Water Mark at the fore Part of the Main Stem, subtracting from such Measurement the above Distance, the Remainder will be the Ship's Extreme, from which is to be deducted Three Inches for every Foot of the Load Draught of Water for the Rake abaft, also Three fifths of the Ship's Breadth for the Rake forward, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from Outside to Outside of the Plank in the broadest Part of the Ship, whether that shall be above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner of Sheathing or Doubling that may be wrought on the Side of the Ship; then multiplying the Length of the Keel for Tonnage by the Breadth' so-taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing by Ninety four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in each of the several Rules hereinbefore prescribed, when used for the Purpose of ascertaining the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel propelled by Steam, the Length of the Engine Room shall be deducted from the whole Length of such Ship or Vessel, and the Remainder shall, for such Purpose, be deemed the whole Length of the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel shall have been ascertained according to the Rule herein prescribed (except in the Case of Ships or Vessels which have been admeasured afloat), such Account of Tonnage shall ever after be deemed the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall be repeated in every subsequent Registry of such Ship or Vessel, unless it shall happen that any Alteration has been made in the Form and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, or it shall be discovered that the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel had been erroneously taken and computed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the Time of the obtaining of the Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, sufficient Security by Bond shall be given to His Majestj ^, His Heirs and Successors, by the Master and such of the Owners as shall personally attend as is hereinbefore required, such Security to be approved of and taken by the Person or Persons hereinbefore authorized to make such Registry, and grant such Certificate of Registry at the Port or Place in which such Certificate shall be granted, in the Penalties following; that is to say, if such Ship or Vessel shall be a decked Vessel, or be above the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and not exceeding Fifty Tons, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; if exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons and not exceeding One hundred Tons, in the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds: if exceeding the Burthen of One hundred Tons and not exceeding Two hundred Tons, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds; if exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and not exceeding

Three

Engine Room in Steam Vessels to be deducted.

Tonnage ascertained, ever after deemed the Tonnage.

Proviso.

Bond to be given at the Time of Registry.

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Conditions of such Bond.

If Ship, at Time of Registry, be at any other Port than

Three hundred Tons, in the Penalty of Eight hundred Pounds; and if exceeding the Burthen of Three hundred Tons, in the Penalty of One thousand Pounds; and the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that such Certificate shall not be sold, lent or otherwise disposed of to any Person or Persons whatever, and that the same shall be solely made use of for the Service of the Ship or Vessel for which it is granted, and that in case such Ship or Vessel shall be lost or taken by the Enemy, burnt or broken up, or otherwise prevented from returning to the Port to which she belongs, or shall on any Account have lost and forfeited the Privileges of a British Ship, or shall have been seized and legally condemned for illicit Trading, or shall have been taken in Execution for Debt and sold by due Process of Law, or shall have been sold to the Crown, or shall under any Circumstances have been registered de novo, the Certificate, if preserved, shall be delivered up within One Month after the Arrival of the Master in any Port or Place in His Majesty's Dominions to the Collector and Comptroller of some Port in Great Britain, or of the Isle of Man, or of the British Plantations, or to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey; and that if any Foreigner or any Person or Persons for his Use and Benefit shall purchase or otherwise become entitled to the Whole or any Part or Share of, or any Interest in such Ship or Vessel, and the same shall be within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or the British Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories aforesaid, then and in such Case the Certificate of Registry shall, within Seven Days after such Purchase or Transfer of Property in such Ship or Vessel, be delivered up to the Person or Persons hereinbefore authorized to make Registry and grant Certificate of Registry at such Port or Place respectively as aforesaid; and if such Ship or Vessel shall be in any Foreign Port when such Purchase or Transfer of Interest or Property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British Consul or other Chief British Officer resident at or nearest to such Foreign Port, or if such Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea when such Purchase or Transfer of Interest or Property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British Consul or other Chief British Officer at the Foreign Port or Place in or at which the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall first arrive, after such Purchase or Transfer of Property at Sea, immediately after his Arrival at such Foreign Port; but if such Master or other Person who had the Command thereof at the Time of such Purchase or Transfer of Property at Sea, shall not arrive at a Foreign Port, but shall arrive at some Port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or His Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories, then that the same shall be delivered up in Manner aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or of the Person who had the Command thereof in any Port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or any of His Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories: Provided always, that if it shall happen that at the Time of Registry of any Ship or Vessel the same shall be at any other Port than the Port to which she belongs, so

that

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C, 110.

795

that the Master of such Ship or Vessel cannot attend at the Port of Registry to join with the Owner or Owners in such Bond as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him to give a separate Bond, to the like Effect, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel may then be, and the Collector and Comptroller of such other Port shall transmit such Bond to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship or Vessel is to be registered, and such Bond, and the Bond also given by the Owner or Owners, shall together be of the same Effect against the Master and Owner or Owners, or either of them, as if they had bound themselves jointly and severally in one Bond.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel registered in Manner hereinbefore directed shall be changed, the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver to the Person or Persons hereinbefore authorized to make such Registry and grant such Certificates of Registry at the Port where such Change shall take place, the Certificate of Registry belonging to such Ship or Vessel, who shall thereupon indorse and subscribe a Memorandum of such Change, and shall forthwith give Notice of the same to the proper Officer of the Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel was last registered pursuant to this Act, who shall likewise make a Memorandum of the same in the Book of Registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs: Provided always, that before the Name of such new Master shall be indorsed on the Certificate of Registry, he shall be required to give and shall give a Bond, in the like Penalties and under the same Conditions as are contained in the Bond hereinbefore required to be given at the Time of Registry of any Ship or Vessel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever shall at any Time have Possession of and wilfully detain any Certificate of Registry granted under this or any other Act, which ought to be delivered up to be cancelled according to any of the Conditions of the Bond hereinbefore required to be given upon the Registry of any Ship or Vessel, such Person is hereby required and enjoined to deliver up such Certificate of Registry, in manner directed by the Conditions of such Bond, in the respective Cases and under the respective Penalties therein provided.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel to give any Name to such Ship or Vessel, other than that by which she was first registered in pursuance of this or any other Act; and that the Owner or Owners of all and every Ship or Vessel which shall be so registered shall, before such Ship or Vessel, after such Registry, shall begin to take in any Cargo, paint or cause to be painted in White or Yellow Letters, of a Length not less than Four Inches, upon a Black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of the Stern, the Name by which such Ship or Vessel shall have been registered pursuant to this Act, and the Port to which she belongs, in a distinct and legible Manner, and shall so keep and preserve the same; and that if such Owner or Owners, or Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or

Vessel,

that of Registry, Master may there give Bond.

When Master changed, Certificate of Registry delivered up.

Notice.

Notice.

New Master to* give similar Bond, Name indorsed on Certificate.

Certificate given up.

Penalty.

Name of Vessel which has been registered never afterwards changed.

Names painted on Stern.

Permitting Ship to ladc7 Sec. before

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Name painted, or altering, erasing, &c. Name.

Penalty.

Builder's Certificate of Particulars of Ship.

Oath to be made thereto.

Certificate of Registry lost or mislaid.

Commissioners may permit Registry de novo;

or grant a Licence.

Bond respecting lost Certificate of Registry:

Condition.

Vessel, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to begin to take in any Cargo before the Name of such Ship or Vessel has been so painted as aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter, erase, obliterate or in anywise hide or conceal, or cause or procure or permit the same to be done (unless in the Case of square rigged Vessels in Time of War), or shall in any written or printed Paper, or other Document, describe such Ship or Vessel by any Name other than that by which she was first registered pursuant to this Act, or shall verbally describe, or cause or procure or permit such Ship or Vessel to be described, by any other Name, to any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue in the due Execution of his or their Duty, then and in every such Case such Owner or Owners, or Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall apply for a Certificate of the Registry of any Ship or Vessel, shall and they are hereby required to produce, to the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Certificate, a true and full Account, under the Pland of the Builder of such Ship or Vessel, of the proper Denomination, and of the Time when and the Place where such Ship or Vessel was built, and also an exact Account of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Name of the first Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, (which Account such Builder is hereby directed and required to give under his Pland, on the same being demanded by such Person or Persons so applying for a Certificate as aforesaid,) and shall also make Oath before the Person or Persons hereinbefore authorized to grant such Certificate, (which Oath he or they is or are hereby authorized to administer,) that the Ship or Vessel for which such Certificate is required is the same with that which is so described by the Builder as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Certificate of Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall be lost or mislaid, so that the same cannot be found or obtained for the Use of such Ship or Vessel when needful, and Proof thereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, such Commissioners shall and may permit such Ship or Vessel to be registered de novo, and a Certificate thereof to be granted: Provided always, that if such Ship or Vessel be absent and far distant from the Port to which she belongs, or by reason of the Absence of the Owner or Owners, or of any other Impediment, Registry of the same cannot then be made in sufficient Time, such Commissioners shall and may grant a Licence for the present Use of such Ship or Vessel, which Licence shall, for the Time and to the Extent specified therein and no longer, be of the same Force and Virtue as a Certificate of Registry granted under this Act: Provided always, that before such Registry de novo be made, the Owner or Owners and Master shall give Bond to the Commissioners aforesaid, in such Sum as to them shall seem fit, with a Condition that if the Certificate of Registry shall at an}' Time afterwards be found, the same shall be forthwith delivered to the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs to be cancelled, and that no illegal Use has been or shall be made thereof with his or their Privity or Knowledge; and further, that before any such

Licence

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

797

Licence shall be granted as aforesaid, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall also make Oath that the same has been registered Oath before as a British Ship, naming the Port where and the Time when such Licence be Registry was made, and all the Particulars contained in the Cer- grante(l. tificate thereof, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and shall also give such Bond, and with the same Condition as is before mentioned: Provided also, that before any such Licence shall be Before Licence granted, such Ship or Vessel shall be surveyed in like Manner as granted, Ship if a Registry de novo were about to be made thereof; and the Cer- to surveyed; tificate of such Survey shall be preserved by the Collector and Registry may Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall be- be made after long; and in virtue thereof it shall be lawful for the said Com- Departure of missioners, and they are hereby required to permit such Ship or lip '

Vessel to be registered after her Departure, whenever the Owner or Owners shall personally attend to take and subscribe the Oath required by this Act before Registry be made, and shall also comply with all other Requisites of this Act, except so far as relates to the Bond to be given by the Master of such Ship or Vessel; which Certificate of Registry the said Commissioners and Certificate shall and may transmit to the Collector and Comptroller of any transmitted to other Port, to be by them given to the Master of such Ship be exchanged or Vessel, upon his giving such Bond, and delivering up the *or jlcence-Licence which had been granted for the then present Use of such Ship or Vessel.

XXVII. And.Whereas it is not proper that any Person under any Pretence whatever should detain the Certificate of Registry of any Ship or Vessel, or hold the same for any Purpose other than the lawful Use and Navigation of the Ship or Vessel for which it was granted Be it therefore enacted, That in case the Detaining Cer-Master of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person, who shall have tificate of Re-received or obtained by any Means or for any Purpose whatever gistry.

. the Certificate of the Registry thereof (whether such Master or other Person shall be a Part Owner or not), shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up the same to the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs, for the Purposes of such Ship or Vessel, as Occasion shall require, it may and shall be lawful to and for any Proceedings Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Certificate of Re- by Owners; gistry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint on Oath against the Master of the Ship or Vessel, or other Person, who shall so detain and refuse to deliver up the same, of such Detainer and Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be, in Great Britain or Ireland, or to any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory to His Majesty belonging in Asia,

Africa or America, or Malta, Gibraltar or Heligoland, where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the Places last mentioned; and on such Complaint the said Justice or other Magis- by Magistrates, trate shall and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Master or other Person to be brought before him to be examined touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or other Magistrate, on Examination of the Master or other Person, or otherwise, that

the

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Justice to certify Detainer, and Ship to be registered de novo.

If Person detaining Certificate have absconded, Ship may be registered as in case of lost Certificate.

Ship altered in certain Manner to be registered de novo.

or deemed not registered.

Vessels condemned as Prize, or for Breach of Laws against Slave Trade, Certificate of Condemnation to be produced.

the said Certificate of Registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully detained by the said Master or other Person, such Master or other Person shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and on failure of Payment thereof he shall be committed to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as the said Justice or other Magistrate shall in his Discretion deem proper, not being less than Three Months nor more than Twelve Months; and the said Justice or other Magistrate shall and he is hereby required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal and Conviction, to the Person or Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry for such Ship or Vessel, who shall, on the Terms and Conditions of Law being complied with, make Registry of such Ship or Vessel de novo, and grant a Certificate thereof conformably to Law, notifying on the Back of such Certificate the Ground upon which the Ship or Vessel was so registered de novo; and if such Master or other Person who shall have detained and refused to deliver up such Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, or shall be verily believed to have detained the same, shall have absconded, so that the said Warrant of the Justice or other Magistrate cannot be executed upon him, and Proof thereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to permit such Ship or Vessel to be registered de novo, or otherwise, in their Discretion, to grant a Licence for the present Use of such Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as is hereinbefore provided in the Case wherein the Certificate of Registry is lost or mislaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, after she shall have been registered pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall in anyr Manner whatever be altered, so as not to correspond with all the Particulars contained in the Certificate of her Registry, in such Case such Ship or Vessel shall be registered de novo, in manner hereinbefore required, as soon as she returns to the Port to which she belongs, or to any other Port which shall be in the same Part of the United Kingdom, or in the same Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory, as the said Port shall be in, on failure whereof such Ship or Vessel shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered and deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel not duly registered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of all such Ships and Vessels as shall be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty, or of such Ships or Vessels as shall be condemned in any competent Court as forfeited for Breach of the Laws for the Prevention of the Slave Trade, shall, upon registering such Ship or Vessel, before he or they shall obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, produce to the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs a Certificate of the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, under the Hand and Seal of the Judge of the Court in which such Ship or Vessel shall have been condemned (which Certificate such Judge is hereby authorized and required to grant), and also a true and exact Account in Writing of all the Particulars contained in the Certificate hereinbefore set forth, to

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

799

be made and subscribed by One or more skilful Person or Persons, to be appointed by the Court then and there to survey such Ship or Vessel, and shall also make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, that such Ship or Vessel is the same Vessel which is mentioned in the Certificate of the Judge aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be taken and condemned as Prize or Forfeiture as aforesaid, shall be registered in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey or the Isle of Man, although belonging to His Majesty's Subjects residing in those Islands, or in some one or other of them; but the same shall be registered either at Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter, Plymouth, Falmouth, Liverpool ox Whitehaven, by the Collector and Comptroller at such Ports respectively, who are hereby authorized and required to register such Ship or Vessel, and to grant a Certificate thereof in the Form and under the Regulations and Restrictions in this Act contained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel, or any Part thereof, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall after Registry thereof be sold to any other or others of His Majesty's Subjects, the same shall be transferred by Bill of Sale, or other Instrument in Writing, containing a Recital of the Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel, or the principal Contents thereof, otherwise such Transfer shall not be valid or effectual for any Purpose whatever, either in Law or in Equity: Provided always, that no Bill of Sale shall be deemed void by reason of any Error in such Recital, or by the Recital of any former Certificate of Registry instead of the existing Certificate, provided the Identity of the Ship or Vessel therein intended be effectually proved thereby.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Property in every Ship or Vessel, of which there are more than One Owner, shall be taken and considered to be divided in Sixty four Parts or Shares, and the Proportion held by each Owner shall be described in the Registry as being a certain Number of Sixty fourth Parts or Shares; and that no Person shall be entitled to be registered as an Owner of any Ship or Vessel in respect of any Proportion of such Ship or Vessel, which shall not be an integral Sixty fourth Part or Share of the same; and upon the First Registry of any Ship or Vessel, the Owner or Owners who shall take and subscribe the Oath required by this Act, before Registry be made, shall also declare upon Oath the Number of such Parts or Shares then held by each Owner, and the same shall be so registered accordingly: Provided always, that if it shall at any Time happen that the Property of any Owner or Owners in any Ship or Vessel cannot be reduced, by Division, into any Number of Integral Sixty fourth Parts or Shares, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of such fractional Parts as shall be over and above such Number of integral Sixty fourth Parts or Shares into which such Property in any Ship or Vessel can be reduced by Division, to transfer the same one to another or jointly, to any new Owner, by Memorandum upon their respective Bills of Sale, or by fresh Bill of Sale, without such Transfer being liable to any Stamp Duty: Provided also, that the Right of such Owner or Owners to such fractional Parts shall not be affected by reason of the

same

Oath of Identity.

Prize Vessels not to be registered at Guernsey, &e.

Where to be registered.

Transfers of Interest by Bill of Sale.

Reciting Certificate.

Not void by Error of Recital, &c.

Property in Ships to be divided into Sixty-four Parts or Shares.

Oath upon First Registry to state Number of Shares held.

Smaller Portions conveyed without Stamp Duty.

Partners may hold Ships or Shares without

C. no.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

distinguishing proportionate Interest of each Owner.

Only Thirty two Persons to be Owners of any Ship at one Time.

Proviso for equitable Title of Heirs, &c.

Joint Stock Companies.

Trustees may apply to have Registry made.

Shares to be registered on Registry de novo under this Act.

same not having been registered: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Number of such Owners, named and described in such Registry, being Partners in any Plouse or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to hold, any Ship or Vessel, or any Share or Shares of any Ship or Vessel, in the Name of such House or Copartnership, as joint Owners thereof, without distinguishing the proportionate Interest of each of such Owners, and that such Ship or Vessel, or the Share or Shares thereof so held in Copartnership, shall be deemed and taken to be Partnership Property to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be governed by the same Rules, both in Law and Equity, as relate to and govern all other Partnership Property in any other Goods, Chattels and Effects whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no greater Number than Thirty two Persons shall be entitled to be legal Owners at one and the same Time of any Ship or Vessel, as Tenants in Common, or to be registered as such: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the equitable Title of Minors, Heirs, Legatees, Creditors or others, exceeding that Number, duly represented by or holding from any of the Persons within the said Number, registered as legal Owners of any Share or Shares of such Ship or Vessel: Provided also, that if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, that any Number of Persons have associated themselves as a Joint Stock Company, for the Purpose of owning any Ship or Vessel, or any Number of Ships or Vessels, as the joint Property of such Company, and that such Company have duly elected or appointed any Number, not less than Three of the Members of the same, to be Trustees of the Property in such Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels so owned by such Company, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, or any Three of them, with the Permission of such Commissioners, to take the Oath required by this Act, before Registry be made, except that instead of stating therein the Names and Descriptions of the other Owners, they shall state the Name and Description of the Company to which such Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, shall in such Manner belong.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship or Vessel which had been registered before the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and shall not have have been registered de novo since that Day, and before the Commencement of this Act shall be registered de novo, the Number of such Shares held by each Owner shall be registered as far as the same be practicable, and to that Intent the Owner or Owners who shall take and subscribe the Oath required by this Act before Registry be made, shall produce the Rills of Sale or other Titles of themselves and of the other Owners, in order that the Number of such Shares held by each of them may be ascertained and registered accordingly; and if the Registry of such Ship or Vessel then in force shall be the First Registry, and the Shares of any of the Owners shall remain the same as they were at the Time of such Registry, and the Owner or Owners, or any One of them who shall attend to take and subscribe the Oath required by this Act before Registry be

made,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

801

made, shall be the same as was or were the Owner or Owners

or One of them, who took and subscribed such Oath before such

First Registry was made, such original Owner or Owners instead

of producing the Bills of Sale, shall declare upon Oath, to the

best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Number of such

Shares held by him or them, or by any other original Owner or

Owners, whose proportionate Property in such Ship or Vessel shall

have remained unchanged: Provided always, that if at the Time If Shares of

of such Registry de novo such Owner or Owners shall make ^tained *

Oath that he and they, and each of them, are unable to produce Reg^y 1 e '

the Bill or Bills of Sale, Or to give any certain Account or Proof made without

of the Share or Shares of the other previous Owners, or some or stating them.

any one of them, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to register such Ship or Vessel without requiring the Share or Shares of such Owner or Owners to be declared and specified.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from Shares must be and after the Commencement of this Act, or from and after the registered with-First Arrival and Entry of any Ship or Vessel, after such Com- a ccrtam mencement, at the Port to which she belongs, or at any other ime;

Port which shall be in the same Part of the United Kingdom or in the same Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory as the said Port shall be in, no Certificate of Registry shall be in force, except such as shall be granted under the Authority of this Act, or which shall have been granted under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- G.4. c. 4i. jesty, intituled An Act for the registering of Vessels, and in which the Share or Shares hereinbefore described held by each Owner shall be set forth, unless it shall be certified thereon by the Col- unless Commis-lector and Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel sioners g»ye belong, that farther Time has been granted by the Commissioners furt, ier ^irne* of His Majesty's Customs for ascertaining and registering the Number or Numbers of such Shares as cannot then be ascertained.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the First Re- No Stamp gistry in compliance with this Act, of any Ship or Vessel which F>uty on First had been before registered, no Stamp Duty shall be charged upon ReS, stry« the Bond therein required to be given; and if the Certificate of

such former Registry then delivered up to be cancelled shall have a Mediterranean Pass attached thereto, no Stamp Duty shall be charged on account of the new Mediterranean Pass which shall be obtained in lieu of the one so delivered up and cancelled.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Sale or Bills of Sale other Instrument in Writing, shall be valid and effectual to pass not effectual the Property in any Ship or Vessel or in any Share thereof, or until produced for any other Purpose, until such Bill of Sale or other Instru- to ^fficers ot ment in Writing shall have been produced to the Collector and c^toms, and Comptroller of the Port at which such Ship or Vessel is re- of Registry or gistered, or to the Collector and Comptroller of any other Port at of intended which she is about to be registered de novo, as the Case may be, Registry, nor until such Collector and Comptroller respectively shall have

entered in the Book of Registry or in the Book of intended Registry of such Ship or Vessel, as the Case may be, (and which they are respectively hereby required to do upon the Production of the Bill of Sale or other Instrument for that Purpose,) the

3 F

Name.

802

C. no.

6° GEO. IV.

If Ship not about to be registered, Particulars of.

Form of Indorsement.

Notice thereof to Commissioners.

On Entry, Bill of Sale to be valid, except in certain Cases.

AVlien a Bill of Sale has been entered for any Shares, Time to be allowed for indorsing Certificate of Registry, before any other Bill of Sale for the same shall be .entered.

A.D. 1825.

Name, Residence and Description of the Vendor or Mortgagor, or of each Vendor or Mortgagor, if more than One, the Number of Shares transferred, the Name, Residence and Description of the Purchaser or Mortgagee, or of each Purchaser or Mortgagee, if more than One, and the Date of the Bill of Sale or other Instrument, and of the Production of it; and further, if such Ship or Vessel is not about to be registered de novo, the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship is registered shall and they are hereby required to indorse the aforesaid Particulars of such Bill of Sale or other Instrument on the Certificate of Registry of the said Ship or Vessel, when the same shall be produced to them for that Purpose, in Manner and to the Effect following; videlicet,

4 Custom Blouse [Port and Date; Name, Residence and Description of Vendor or Mortgagor] has transferred by \_Bill of Sale or other Instrument] dated [Date; Number of Shares'] to \_Name, 1 Residence and Description of Purchaser or Mortgagee.1

4 A.B. Collector.

6 C.D. Comptroller. '

And forthwith to give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of Customs; and in case the Collector and Comptroller shall be desired so to do, and the Bill of Sale or other Instrument shall be produced to them for that Purpose, then the said Collector and Comptroller are hereby required to certify, by Indorsement upon the said Bill of Sale or other Instrument, that the Particulars before mentioned have been so entered in the Book of Registry, and indorsed upon the Certificate of Registry as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Particulars of any Bill of Sale or other Instrument by which any Ship or Vessel, or any Share or Shares thereof, shall be transferred, shall have been so entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, the said Bill of Sale or other Instrument shall be valid and effectual to pass the Property thereby intended to be transferred, as against all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, and to all Intents and Purposes, except as against such subsequent Purchasers and Mortgagees who shall first procure the Indorsement to be made upon the Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and after the Particulars of any Bill of Sale, or other Instrument by which any Ship or Vessel, or any Share or Shares thereof, shall be transferred, shall have been so entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, the Collector and Controller shall not enter in the Book of Registry the Particulars of any other Bill of Sale, or Instrument purporting to be a Transfer by the same Vendor or Mortgagor, or Vendors or Mortgagors, of the same Ship or Vessel, Share or Shares thereof, to any other Person or Persons, unless Thirty Days shall elapse from the Day on which the Particulars of the former Bill of Sale, or other Instrument, were entered in the Book of Registry .; or in case the Ship or Vessel was absent from the Port to which she belonged at the Time when the Particulars of such former Bill of Sale or other Instrument were entered in the Book of Registry, then unless Thirty Days shall have elapsed from the Day on which the Ship or Vessel arrived at the

Port

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

BOS

Port to which the same belonged; and in case the Particulars of Two or more such Bills of Sale or other Instruments as aforesaid, shall at any Time have been entered in the Book of Registry of the said Ship or Vessel, the Collector and Comptroller shall not enter in the Book of Registry the Particulars of any other Bill of Sale or other Instrument as aforesaid, unless Thirty Days shall in like Manner have elapsed from the Day on which the Particulars of the last of such Bills of Sale or other Instrument were entered in the Books of Registry, or from the Day on which the Ship or Vessel arrived at the Port to which she belonged, in case of her Absence as aforesaid; and in every Case where there shall at any Time happen to be Two or more Transfers by the same Owner or Owners of the same Property in any Ship or Vessel entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, the Collector and Comptroller are hereby required to indorse upon the Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel, the Particulars of that Bill of Sale or other Instrument under which the Person or Persons claims or claim Property, who shall produce the Certificate of Registry for that Purpose within Thirty Days next after the Entry of his said Bill of Sale or other Instrument in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, or within Thirty Days next after the Return of the said Ship or Vessel to the Port to which she belongs, in case of her Absence at the Time of such Entry as aforesaid; and in case no Person or Persons shall produce the Certificate of Registry within either of the said Spaces of Thirty Days, then it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller, and they are hereby required, to indorse upon the Certificate of Registry the Particulars of the Bill of Sale or other Instrument to such Person or Persons as shall first produce the Certificate of Registry for that Purpose, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that the several Purchasers and Mortgagees of such Ship or Vessel, Share or Shares thereof, when more than One appear to claim the same Property, shall have Priority one over the other, not according to the respective Times when the Particulars of the Bill of Sale or other Instrument by which such Property was transferred to them were entered in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, but according to the Time when the Indorsement is made upon the Certificate of Registry as aforesaid: Provided Proviso forCer-always, that if the Certificate of Registry shall be lost or mislaid, tificate lost or or shall be detained by any Person whatever, so that the Indorse- mislaid, ment cannot in due Time be made thereon, and Proof thereof shall be made by the Purchaser or Mortgagee or his known Agent, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant such further Time as to them shall appear necessary for the Recovery of the Certificate of Registry, or for the Registry de novo of the said Ship or Vessel under the Provisions of this Act, and thereupon the Collector and Comptroller shall make a Memorandum in the Book of Registers of the further Time so granted, and during such Time no other Bill of Sale shall be entered for the Transfer of the same Ship or Vessel, or the same Share or Shares thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the Certificate of Re- Bills of Sale gistry of such Ship or Vessel shall be produced to the Collector may be pro-

3 F 2 and duced afrer

C. 110.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Entry at other Ports than those to which Vessels belong.

Transfers indorsed on Certificate of Registry.

Prei ious Notice to Officers at the Port of Registry.

and Comptroller of any Port where she may then be, after any such Bill of Sale shall have been recorded at the Port to which she belongs, together with such Bill of Sale, containing a Notification of such Record, signed by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port as before directed, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of such other Port, to indorse on such Certificate of Registry (being required so to do), the Transfer mentioned in such Bill of Sale, and such Collector and Comptroller shall give Notice thereof to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, who shall record the same in like Manner as if they had made such Indorsement themselves, but inserting the Name of the Port at which such Indorsement was made: Provided always, that the Collector and Comptroller of such other Port shall first give Notice to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, of such Requisition made to them, to indorse the Certificate of Registry, and the Collector and Comptroller of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, shall thereupon send Information to the Collector and Comptroller of such other Port, whether any and what other Bill or Bills of Sale have been recorded in the Book of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel; and the Collector and Comptroller of such other Port, having such Information, shall proceed in Manner directed by this Act in all respects to the indorsing of the Certificate of Registry, as they would do if such Port were the Port to which such Vessel belonged.

In what Case, on Registry do novo. Bill of Sale produced.

Bil' of Sale previous to Registry, afterwards recorded.

Upon Change of Property, Registry de novo granted if desired, although not required by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall become necessary to register any Ship or Vessel de novo, and any Share or Shares of such Ship or Vessel shall have been sold since she was last registered, and the Transfer of such Share or Shares shall not have been recorded and indorsed in manner hereinbefore directed, the Bill of Sale thereof shall be produced to the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, who are to make Registry of such Ship or Vessel, otherwise such Sale shall not be noticed in such Registry de novo, except as hereinafter excepted: Provided always, that upon the future Production of such Bill of Sale, and of the existing Certificate of Registry, such Transfer shall and may be recorded and indorsed, as well after such Registry de novo as before.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Change of Property in any Ship or Vessel, the Owner or Owners shall desire to have the same registered de novo, although not required by this Act, and the Owner or proper Number of Owners shall attend at the Custom House at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at such Port, to make Registry de novo of such Ship or Vessel at the same Port, and to grant a Certificate thereof, the several Requisites hereinbefore in this Act mentioned and directed being first duly observed and complied with.

XLIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience hath arisen from the registering Officers being served with Subpoenas requiring them to bring with them and produce, on Trials in Courts of Law relative to the Owner, of Vessels, or otherwise, the Oaths

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. no.

805

or Affidavits required to be taken by the Owner thereof prior to the registering thereof, and the Books of Registry, or Copies 6 or Extracts therefrom: And Whereas it would tend much to the ' Dispatch of Business if the Attendance of such registering ' Officers with the same upon such Trials were dispensed with Be it therefore enacted, That the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at any Fort or Place, and the Person or Persons acting for them respectively, shall, upon every reasonable Request by any Person or Persons whomsoever, produce and exhibit for his, her or their Inspection and Examination any Oath or Affidavit taken or sworn by any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, and also any Register or Entry in any Book or Books of Registry required by this Act to be made or kept relative to any Ship or Vessel, and shall upon every reasonable Request by any Person or Persons whomsoever, permit him, her or them to take a Copy or Copies, or an Extract or Extracts thereof respectively; and that the Copy or Copies of any such Oath or Affidavit, Register or Entry, shall, upon being proved to be a true Copy or Copies thereof respectively, be allowed and received as Evidence upon every Trial at Law, without the Production of the Original or Originals, and without the Testimony or Attendance of any Collector or Comptroller, or other Person or Persons acting for them respectively, in all Cases as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as such Original or Originals, if produced by any Collector or Collectors, Comptroller or Comptrollers, or other Person or Persons acting for them, could or might legally be admitted or received in Evidence.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Ship or Vessel, or the Share or Shares of any Owner thereof who may be out of the Kingdom, shall be sold in his Absence by his known Agent or Correspondent, under his Directions either expressed or implied, and acting for his Interest in that Behalf, and such Agent or Correspondent who shall have executed a Bill of Sale to the Purchaser of the Whole of such Ship or Vessel, or of any Share or Shares thereof, shall not have received a legal Power to execute the same, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, upon Application made to them, and Proof to their Satisfaction of the fair Dealings of the Parties, to permit such Transfer to be registered, if Registry de novo be necessary, or to be recorded and indorsed, as the Case may be, in Manner directed by this Act, as if such legal Power had been produced; and if it shall happen that any Bill of Sale cannot be produced, or if, by reason of Distance of Time, or the Absence or Death of Parties concerned, it cannot be proved that a Bill of Sale for any Share or Shares in any Ship or Vessel had been executed, and Registry de novo of such Ship or Vessel shall have become necessary, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, upon Proof to their Satisfaction of the fair Dealings of the Parties, to permit such Ship or Vessel to be registered de novo, in like Manner as if a Bill of Sale for the Transfer of such Share or Shares had been produced: Provided always, that in any of the Cases herein mentioned, good and sufficient Security shall be given to produce a legal Power or Bill of Sale within a reasonable Time, or to abide the future Claims of the absent

3 F 3 Owner,

Copies of Oaths and Extracts from Books of Registry produced for Inspection and admitted in Evidence.

Where Vessels or Shares sold in Absence of Owners without formal Powers.

Commissioners may permit Record of such Sales or Registry de novo; so in other Cases where Bills of Sale cannot be produced.

Proviso for Security to produce legal Powers, or to abide future Claims.

80 6

Transfer by way of Mortgage.

Mortgagee not deemed Owner.

// /W.f; //

Exception.

p US'-

Transfers of Ships for Security of Debts being registered, Rights of Mortgagee not affected by any Act of Bank' ruptcy of Mortgagor, &c.

C. 110. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Owner, his Heirs and Successors, as the Case may be; and at the future Request of the Party whose Property has been so transferred, without the Production of a Bill of Sale from him or from his lawful Attorney, such Bond shall be available for the Protection of his Interest, in addition to any Powers or Rights which he may have in Law or Equity against the Ship or Vessel, or against the Parties concerned, until he shall have received full Indemnity for any Loss or Injury sustained by him.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when any Transfer of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Share or Shares thereof, shall be made only as a Security for the Payment of a Debt or Debts, either by way of Mortgage, or of Assignment to a Trustee or Trustees for the Purpose of selling the same for the Payment of any Debt or Debts, then and in every such Case the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where the Ship or Vessel is registered shall in the Entry in the Book of Registry, and also in the Indorsement on the Certificate of Registry, in Manner hereinbefore directed, state and express that such Transfer was made only as a Security for the Payment of a Debt or Debts, or by way of Mortgage, or to that Effect; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, or any other Person or Persons claiming under him or them as a Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or a Trustee or Trustees only, shall not by reason thereof be deemed to be the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, Share or Shares thereof; nor shall the Person or Persons making such Transfer be deemed by reason thereof to have ceased to be an Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, any more than if no such Transfer had been made, except so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of rendering the Ship or Vessel, Share or Shares so transferred, available by Sale or otherwise for the Payment of the Debt or Debts for securing the Payment of which such Transfer shall have been made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Transfer of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Share or Shares thereof, shall have been made as a Security for the Payment of any Debt or Debts, either by way of Mortgage or of Assignment as aforesaid, and such Transfer shall have been duly registered according to the Provisions of this Act, the Right or Interest of the Mortgagee or other Assignee as aforesaid shall not be in any Manner affected by any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by such Mortgagor or Assignor, Mortgagors or Assignors, after the Time when such Mortgage or Assignment shall have been so registered as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Mortgagor or Assignor, Mortgagors or Assignors, at the Time he or they shall so become bankrupt as aforesaid, shall have in his or their Possession, Order and Disposition, and shall be the reputed Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel, or the Share or Shares thereof, so by him or them mortgaged or assigned as aforesaid, but that such Mortgage or Assignment shall take place of and be preferred to any Right, Claim or Interest which may belong to the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in such Ship or Vessel, Share or Shares thereof; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 110.

807

XLVII. And be it also further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland and Ireland respectively shall transmit, at the End of every Month in each Year, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, true and exact Copies of all such Certificates as shall be granted by them, or by any Officer or Officers within the Limits of their Commission, in pursuance of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of any of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, if any Suit, Information, Libel or other Prosecution or Proceeding of any Nature or Kind whatever shall have been commenced, or shall hereafter be commenced in any Court whatever in any of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories respectively, touching the Force and Effect of any Register granted to any Ship or Vessel, upon a Representation made to any such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief, to cause all Proceedings thereon to be stayed, if he shall see just Cause so to do, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known and certified to him by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief is hereby required to transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be laid before His Majesty in Council, an authenticated Copy of the Proceedings in every such Case, together with his Reasons for causing the same to be stayed, and such Documents (properly verified) as he may judge necessary for the Information of His Majesty.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be so verified, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corruptPerjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Certificate or other Instrument in Writing, required or directed to be obtained, granted or produced by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate or other Instrument so counterfeited, erased, altered or falsified, or shall wilfully grant such Certificate or other Instrument in Writing, knowing it to be false, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and be disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted, or which may be incurred for any Offences committed against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and that the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to and receive the same Share of the Produce arising from such Seizures as in the Case of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty for any Offence against this

3 F 4 Act,

Commissioners in Scotland and Ireland to transmit Copies of Certificates to England.

Governors of Colonies, &c. may cause Pro ceedings in Suits to be stayed.

Copy of Proceedings transmitted to Secretary of State.

False Oath, Perjury.

Falsifying Document.

Penalty.

How Penalties to be recovered.

Officers Shares.

808 C. 110, 111. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Act, as any Officer or Officers is or are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

Act may be LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

altered, &c. this varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Ses-Session. sion of Parliament.

c, 105. ante,

§ 1.

[Commencement of Act.]

Instead of all other Duties of Customs (Exception) the Duties and Drawbacks specified in Tables annexed.

Goods having paid Duties imposed by former Acts, entitled to Drawbacks.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for granting Duties of Customs.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs; in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years, and is therefore highly expedient for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice,

and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, cxhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act all the Acts and Parts of Acts b}' which the Duties of Customs have been granted will be repealed, and all Duties of Customs will thereby be made to cease and determine; and it is expedient to make Provision for granting other Duties of Customs in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for granting Duties of Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all other Duties of Customs (except the Duties upon Corn, Grain, Meal or Flour), there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into or exported from the United Kingdom, or carried coastwise from one Port or Place in the United Kingdom to another Port or Place in the same, the several Duties of Customs, and there shall be allowed the several Drawbacks, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables to this Act annexed, and denominated respectively, 44 Table of Duties of Customs Inwards," 44 Table of Duties of Customs Outwards," and Table of Duties of Customs Coastwise."

III. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of Drawbacks granted allowed and made payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from or used or consumed in Great Britain or Ireland, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods,

the Duties imposed Acts in force on or immediately

Wares and Merchandize as, having paid t upon the Importation thereof by any Act or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

809

immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand

eight hundred and twenty six, shall, from and after the said Fifth

Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be

exported from or so used or consumed in- Great Britain or Ireland respectively: Provided always, that no Drawback shall be Proviso as to

allowed for any Ashes used in bleaching Linen, nor for any Brim- Ashes used in

stone used for the making of Oil of Vitriol, which shall not have Bleaching, and

been so used respectively on or before the Fifth Day of July used^oiTof

One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, nor unless such vitriol.

Drawback be duly claimed on or before the Fifth Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks Duties and

by this Act imposed and allowed shall be under the Management Drawbacks to be of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and shall be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered and al- Custora lowed, and applied or appropriated, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act c. 107. ante. for the general Regulation of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Reciprocal

Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by His Duties to be

Order in Council, from time to time to order and direct that there levied on

shall be levied and collected any additional Duty not exceeding Foreign Mer-

j # # j o ciiancuze &c *

One fifth of the Amount of any existing Duty upon all or any '

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Country which shall levy higher or other Duties upon any Article the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Dominions, than upon the like Article the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other Foreign Country; and in like Manner to impose such "additional Duties upon all or any Goods, when imported in the Ships of any Country which shall levy higher or other Duties upon any Goods when imported in British Ships, than when imported in the National Ships of such Country, or which shall levy higher or other Tonnage or Port or other Duties upon British Ships than upon such National Ships, or which shall not place the Commerce or Navigation of this Kingdom upon the Footing of the most favoured Nation in the Ports of such Country; and either to prohibit the Importation of any Manufactured Article, the Produce of such Country, in the Event of the Export of the Raw Material of which such Article is wholly or in part made being prohibited from such Country to the British Dominions, or to impose an additional Duty, not exceeding One fifth as aforesaid, upon such Manufactured Article; and also to impose such additional Duty in the Event of such Raw Material being subject to any Duty upon being exported from the said Country to any of His Majesty's Dominions; and all Duties imposed by any such Order shall be deemed to be Duties imposed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Drawback on the United Kingdom of any Foreign Rice or Paddy, which shall Exportation of have been cleaned therein, and which shall have paid the Duties Rlce

payable on the Importation thereof under this Act, there shall be or a y* allowed and paid for every Plundred Weight thereof a Drawback equal in Amount to the Duty paid on every Four Bushels of

the

810

6° GEO. IV.

Conditions on which such Drawback paid.

Drawback on Camphor refined in U. K.

Juice of Demons, Limes and Oranges, how Strength ascertained.

Flax, Wood for Shipbuilding herein described, and Bark, may be imported from New South Wales, &c.

Proceedings before Entry of such Goods.

C. 111.

A.D. 1825.

the rough Rice or Paddy from which the same shall have been cleaned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Drawback upon Rice so exported shall be paid and allowed only upon such clean Rice as shall be deposited for the Purpose of Exportation, within One Calendar Month from the Day on which the Duty thereon had been paid, in some Warehouse, (in which Rice ma}' be warehoused on Importation without Payment of Duty,) and shall there remain secured until duly shipped to be exported from such Warehouse: Provided also, that the Exporter of such Rice shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller that the Rice so warehoused for Exportation was cleaned from the Rough Rice or Paddy upon which the Duties had been so paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Drawback as is mentioned, specified and set forth in the Table of Duties Inwards to this Act annexed shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any Camphor which shall be refined in the United Kingdom from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, provided Oath be made by the Refiner or Refiners thereof, before the Collector or Comptroller, that the said refined Camphor was produced solely from Camphor which had been imported into the United Kingdom unrefined, and for which the Duties of Customs had been paid.

IX. And for ascertaining the Degrees of specific Gravity of 1 Strength according to which the Duty on the Juice of Lemons,

Limes and Oranges imposed by this Act shall be collected and ' paid Be it enacted, That such Degrees of such specific Gravity or Strength shall be ascertained by a Glass Citrometer, which shall be graduated in Degrees in such Manner that, distilled Water being assumed as Unity at the Temperature of Sixty Degrees by Fahrenheit's Thermometer, every Degree of the Scale of such Citrometer shall be denoted by a Variation of Four One thousandth Parts of the specific Gravity of such Water.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the United Kingdom any Flax, and any Wood being Eight Inches Square or upwards, fit for Ship building, and any Bark or any Solid Vegetable Extract to be used solely for the Purpose of tanning Leather, such Articles being the Growth or Produce of the Colony of New South Wales, or any of the Settlements or Dependencies thereof, or of Norfolk Island, or Van Diemans Land, or of New Zealand, and imported direct from the said Places during the Remainder of the Period of Ten Years, to be reckoned from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, without Payment of any Duty whatever for the same: Provided always, that before such Goods shall be entered as being the Growth or Produce of any of the said Places, except New Zealand, the Master of the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall produce and deliver to the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer at the Place where such Goods were taken on board, testifying that Proof had been made, in manner required or authorized by any Law in force for the Time being in such Place, that such Goods were of the Growth or Produce thereof, stating the Name of the Place, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, and the Name of the

Vessel

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

811

Vessel in which they are laden, and of the Master thereof; and such Master shall also make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Goods were taken on board, and that the Goods so imported are the same as are mentioned and referred to in such Certificate; and before any such Goods shall be entered as being the Produce of New Zealand, the Master of the importing Ship shall make Oath, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that such Goods were taken on board such Ship at New Zealand.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Importer of any Goods, subject to any of the Duties imposed by this Act, to warehouse such Goods upon the First Entry thereof under the Laws in force for the warehousing of Goods without Payment of Duty upon such First Entry; and that all Goods which shall have been so warehoused before the Commencement of this Act, and shall remain so warehoused after the Commencement of the same, shall become liable to the Duties imposed by this Act, in lieu of all former Duties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the Cape of Good Hope and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, shall be deemed to be within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; and the Island of Mauritius shall be deemed to be One of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, and placed upon the same Footing in all respects as His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods the Produce of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, having been imported into Malta or Gibraltar in British Ships, shall, upon subsequent Importation into the United Kingdom direct from thence, be liable to the same Duties as the like Goods would respectively be liable to, if imported direct from some Place within the Limits of the said Charter.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import Pease for Seed, on Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, at Times when the Importation of Pease may be prohibited on account of the Average Price thereof; any Thing in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, nor in any other Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall extend to alter or affect the Right of entering Wine for Prisage at such Reduction of Duties as the Parties having such Right shall be entitled to claim at any of the Ports or Places in England or Wales, where the Right of Prisage has not been purchased by the Crown.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act nor in any other Act passed in the present Session of Parliament shall extend to repeal or in any way vary or alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of small Coals of certain Descriptions; and that all small Coals which have been screened through a Screen or Riddle, the Bars of which not being in any

Oath by Master.

Regulations as to warehousing of Goods.

Proviso as to Cape of Good Hope and Mauriti us.

Produce of Limits of Charter imported from Malta or Gibraltar.

Pease for Seed.

Wine for Prisage.

Small Coals carried coastwise, herein described, subject to Regulations of 56 G.3. c. 127.

812

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ProV iso as to clearing of Ships.

Acts of this Session, coming into force on Jan. 5, 1826, to be the only Laws for Matters contained therein.

Register Bonds, how construed;

liable to Stamp Duty.

Proviso for

Part thereof more than Three eighths of an Inch asunder, which may be shipped to be sent coastwise from the Port of Newcastle or Sunderland to any Port in England or Wales on Payment of One Shilling the Chaldron, shall be liable to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said Act in respect of Coals exported, as far as the same are applicable: Provided always, that no Ship shall be cleared from either of the Ports aforesaid as being laden with any small Coals of the above Description, which shall have on board any Coals of larger Dimensions than before described, or any Culm or Cinders; and if any Coals of such Dimensions shall be found on board any Ship in any Port of England or Wales, although such Ship shall have been cleared from either of the Ports with such small Coals as aforesaid, the whole of the Coals laden on board such Ship shall be charged with the Duty imposed on Coals brought coastwise.

XVII. And Whereas it is enacted in the aforesaid Act for repealing the several Laws relating to the Customs, that such Repeal shall take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six: And Whereas this present Act and several other Acts relating to the Customs, also passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, is and are to come into operation and have effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; and it is expedient to prevent any Doubts which might arise from the Continuance of any of the Acts now in force relating to the Customs after the Period when the present and the other aforesaid Acts passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament shall come into operation Be it therefore enacted, That the Enactments and Provisions contained and expressed in this Act and in any other Act or Acts relating to the Customs passed in the present Session of Parliament, which are to commence and have effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, shall be and shall be deemed and construed to be, from and after that Period, the only Law or Laws in force concerning or relating to all Matters and Things expressed or provided for herein or therein; any Thing contained in any of the Acts to be repealed on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six by the aforesaid Act of Repeal, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds given by the Owners or Masters of British Ships upon the registering of the same, and all Bonds given by the Masters of British Ships upon their taking the Charge or Command of the same, shall be deemed to be Bonds for preventing Frauds or Evasions of the Duties of Customs, as well as for other Purposes, and shall be liable to the same Duties of Stamps as any Bonds given for or in respect of the Duties of Customs, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, are or shall be liable to under any Act for the Time being in force for granting Duties of Stamps.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act or in any other Act or Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall extend to repeal or in any way to alter

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

813

or affect an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King 8G.1. c. 14.

George the First, intituled An Act for making the River Eden ncwigable to Bank End in the County of Cumberland; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Thirty S3G.2. c. 15. third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the same, and for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 37G.s. c.ioo. George the Third, intituled An Act for extending the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for explaining an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Forty second year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 42 G. 3. c.cxv. George the Third, being an Act of a local and personal Nature, and intituled An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking and for explaining and amending Acts passed in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign relating thereto; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 55 G. 3. c. 26. the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the First and Second Years of 1&2 G.4. c. 87. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal certain Acts passed in the Thirty first, Thirty third, Forty fourth and Forty fi^th Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal and Flour into and from Great Britain, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof; nor to repeal or in aii}r way alter or affect an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 3 g.4. c. 60. jesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn; except so far as any of the said Acts shall relate to the Importation of Wheat from the British Possessions in North America; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to alter ante, c. 64. for One Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Duty on Wheat the Produce of the British Possessions in North America; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 5 G.4. c. 70. jesty, intituled An Act to permit Flour to be substituted for Foreign Wheat secured in Warehouses; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His 5 g.4. c. 64. present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries; nor any other Act or Part of an Act relating to the said Fisheries, or Acts relating which shall be in force at the Time of the Commencement of this to the Fisheries. Act; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed 4G.4. c. 88. in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers between Great Britain

C. 111-

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

51 G. 3.C. 47. I

59 G.3. c. 54.

and other Acts herein referred to.

Proviso for

6 & 7 W. 3. c. 10.

15 G.3. c. 27.

SI G.3. c. 36.

Keels and other Vessels, employed in the Conveyance of Coals, carrying more than the Quantity allowed, forfeited.

Britain and Ireland; nor to repeal or in way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for carrying into effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal; nor to repeal or in any way aiter or affect any Act or Acts by which a Drawback of Duty is granted in respect of Materials imported into the United Kingdom, and used in Building Churches or Chapels.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in any other Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages, used in loading Coals on board Ships at the several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats and other Boats and Wains, and Carts, being used in the Removed or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked and nailed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon Examination of any Keel, Boat, Wain, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Coals, Cinders, Ashes or Culm for the Purpose of being laden or shipped for Exportation, or to be carried coastwise, and which shall have been admeasured, weighed, numbered and marked in manner directed by any Act at any Time in force for that Purpose, there shall be found any greater Quantity of Coals, Cinders, Ashes or Culm than such Keel, Boat, Wain, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage is allowed to carry or convey, according to the Numbers, Nails or other Marks set thereon, whether such Number, Nails or other Marks denote the Quantity by Weight or by Measure, every such Keel, Boat, Wain, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage so overloaded, shall be forfeited.

XXII. And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different Branches of the Public Revenue, and of the several Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and the Appropriation thereof, as directed by the several Acts in force in England, the hereditary and: temporary Revenues of the Crown, of Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other Duties upon Goods, Wares and Mer-

chandize

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

815

chandize arising in England, are not now kept distinct and ' separate at the several Offices, but have become blended with ' other Duties of Customs and Tonnage, both in the Collection ' and Appropriation thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that f Provision should be made for ascertaining the annual Amount of what such hereditary Revenues would have produced in case

the same had not been so consolidated, and that an Account should hereafter be kept of such Annual Amount Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall cause to be prepared and kept an Account of what such hereditary Revenue arising in England would have amounted to, in case the same had not been and was not consolidated and collected with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage in the Collection and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being best adapted to ascertain such Amount, which Account the said Lord Pligh Treasurer or Commissioners for the Time being are hereby required to make out or cause to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the public Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts for directing public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or alter the hereditary Revenue of His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors, in Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majesty King George the f Second during His Life, and reserved to His present Majesty during His Life by an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign; but the same, and the Civil Establishment payable out of the same, shall continue to be paid in like Manner as heretofore; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, except only as by this Act is specially provided, and shall be appropriated in like Manner and to the same Services as the Duties by this Act repealed would have been if this Act had not been passed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from any Duties of Customs, or any Arrears thereof, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid or received from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, for or on account of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, imported or brought into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or exported from the said United Kingdom, or brought or carried coastwise or from Port to Port within the

United

Account of Amount of hereditary Revenues of the Crown to be kept separate.

Proviso for hereditary Revenue in Scotland.

f Sic.

1 G.4. c.l. §8.

Duties paid in Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Duties due before Jan. 5, 1S26, levied after that Day, deemed Duties under this Act.

816

e.m.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Appropriation

thereof.

To prevent Frauds in colouring and concealing Aliens Goods.

What Goods deemed such.

United Kingdom, although the Amount of the said Duties may have been computed and ascertained as such Duties have been computed and ascertained before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and although the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon any such Duties of Customs may have been charged or may be charged may have been imported into or exported from the United Kingdom, or brought or carried coastwise or from Port to Port within the United Kingdom, before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and although any Duties of Customs due and payable or charged or chargeable thereon may have been secured by Bond or otherwise on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, be appropriated and applied in like Manner and to the same Purposes as the Duties of Customs by this Act granted are directed to be appropriated and applied, except as is in this Act provided; any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Monies arising by any of the Revenues of Customs hereafter to be paid or allowed, either upon Bond or otherwise, either by way of Drawback, Bounty, Certificate, Premium or Allowance, or by any other legal Document whatever, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, although the Amount of the same shall have been computed and ascertained in like Manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained, or shall have become due before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, shall and may be paid or allowed in like Manner b}' the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties of Customs respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That to prevent Frauds in colouring and concealing Aliens Goods, all Wines of the Growth of France or Germany, which shall be imported into any of the Ports or Places in England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tiveed, in any other Ship or Vessel than which doth truly and without Fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or the Town of Berime! upon Tiveed, and whereof the Master and Three fourths at least of the Mariners are English, shall be deemed Alien Goods, and pay all Strangers Customs and Duties to the Town and Port into which they shall be imported; and that all Sorts of Masts, Timber or Boards, as also all Foreign Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Plemp, Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils, all Sorts of Corn or Grains, Sugar, Pot Ashes, Spirits commonly called Brandy Wine or Aqua Vitae, Wines of the Growth of Spain, the Islands of the Canaries or Portugal, Madeira or Western Islands, and all the Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Muscovy or Russia, which shall be imported into any of the Ports or Places in England, Ireland, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tiveed, in any other than such Shipping, and so navigated, and all Currants and Turkey Commodities which shall be imported into any of the Places aforesaid, in any other than English built Shipping, and navigated as aforesaid, shall be deemed Aliens Goods,

and

C. 111.

81?

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

and pay accordingly to the Town or Port into which they shall be imparted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or other, passing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize inwards or outwards, shall, by himself or his known Servant, Factor or Agent, subscribe One or more Bill or Bills of Entry, whether such Goods are on Alien or British Account, and if required make Oath of the same before the Officer appointed to receive the said Duties (who is authorized by the Charter granted to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to administer the same), and no Entry on Alien Account shall be permitted by the Officers of the Customs to pass, or the Goods to be delivered, unless the Signature or Mark of the City's Collector or his Deputy appears on the Face of such Warrant, and if any Goods be entered on British Account, which are bona fide Alien's Property, the Merchant or others entering the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, on behalf of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and the Damages so to be recovered shall be paid into the Chamber of London for the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens.

XXVIII. And Whereas Part of the Fund called the Orphans Fund, established by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Reliefi of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, consists of the Imposition or Duty of Four Pence Metage thereof for ever, over and above what was lawfully paid for the Metage thereof, for every Chaldron of all Coals or Culm usually sold by the Chaldron imported into the Port of London,

4. or Members thereof, and of a like Duty of Sixpence for every Ton of such Coals sold by the Ton, and so imported, and other Part of the said Fund consists of the further Sum of Sixpence (over and above all other Impositions and Duties, and the said Sum of Four Pence) for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm

imported as aforesaid; and it was directed by the said Act that the said Imposition of Sixpence should continue from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred for the Term of Fifty Years, and the said Impositions and Duties have since been continued by subsequent Acts of Parliament for the further Terms of Thirty five and Forty six Years, and Five Years and Three Quarters of a Year, making together the Term of Eighty six Years and Three Quarters of a Year from the Expiration of the said Term of Fifty Years: And Whereas it is expedient that screened Coals and Ashes, for which by this Act the reduced Duty of One Shilling per Chaldron is made payable as aforesaid, (whether alone or intermixed with Cinders,)

and Ashes, should be exempted from the said Imposition or Duty of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the Act by which the said Imposition is continued, as makes screened Coals (whether alone or mixed with Cinders or Ashes), for which the said reduced Duty is by this Act made payable

6 Geo. IV. 3 G as

Bills of Entry to be subscribed/whether Goods are on Alien or British Account.

Penalty, *

The Orphans Fund.

S&6 W. & M. c. 10. § 10.

§ 1C.

So much as herein mentioned of 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10. and of 7 G.3. c. 37. repealed.

818

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Coals to be subject to the Duties of the Port of London, directed by 47 G. 3. c.lxvii'i.

Dealers selling Screened Coals under any other Denomination.

Penalty.

as aforesaid, subject to the Payment of the said Imposition or Duty of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coal or Culm imported into the Port of London, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided nevertheless, that such screened Coals, alone or intermixed as aforesaid, shall be liable to the said Imposition or Metage of Four Pence for every Chaldron or Ton, and to all other Duties and Charges payable in respect of Coals or Culm imported into the Port of London, and to all the Charges, Duties and Payments, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions touching the Vend and Delivery thereof in the Port of London, imposed and directed by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities ©/"London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof cuid certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, and for making better Provision for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all screened Coals shall be sold under the Name or Denomination of Small Screened Coals, with or without the Addition of the Sort of Coals of which they respectively shall be, at the Option of the Owner thereof; and if any Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, shall sell any of the said screened Coals, either alone or intermixed with Cinders, under any other Denomination than the Sort of Coals of which they respectively shall be as aforesaid, or if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall knowingly sell screened Coals of any Sort for and as another Sort of Coals which they really are not, within England or Wales, every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron so sold, not exceeding Twenty five Chaldrons for the same Offence.

i

A.D. 1825.

6<> GEO. IV. C. 111.

819

TABLE of DUTIES or CUSTOMS INWARDS.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into the United Kingdom from Foreign Parts, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

A. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Acacia, per lb. -Acetous Acid, See Vinegar. Acorns, See Seed. o CO o 0 1 4

Acorus, the lb. - - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Adianthum, the lb. Agaric, the cwt. -Agates or Cornelians, viz. set, for every 100/. of the Value not set, for every 100/. of the Value — Beads, See Beads. Alkali, not being Barilla, viz, any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, (such Alkali not being otherwise particularly charged with Duty) - if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali than 0 0 8 1 18 0 20 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 5

20 per Centum, the cwt. --if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 25 per Centum of such Alkali, 0 11 4 0 5 8

the cwt. - if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceeding 30 per Centum of such Al- 0 15 0 0 7 6

kali, the cwt. if containing more than 30 per Centum, and not exceeding 40 per Centum of such Al- o 00 0 9 2

kali, the cwt. - if containing more than 40 per Centum of such Alkali, the 1 3 4 0 11 8

cwt. - 3 G 2 1 10 0 0 15 0

C. 11 h

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825-.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Alkanet Root, the lb. - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Alkermes, Confection of, the oz. 0 1 8

Almond Paste, for every 100/. of the Value 60 0 0

Almonds, viz.

Bitter, the cwt. - 1 11 8- I 8- 0

Bitter, the Produce of any British Possession, the cwt, - - 0 15 10 0 14 0

Jordan, the cwt. - 4 15 0 4 4 0

Jordan, the Produce of any British Possession, the cwt. - - 2 7 6 2 2 0

— of any other Sort, the cwt. 2 7 6 2 2 0

j Aloes, viz.

j Hepatica or Barbadoes Aloes, the lb. 0 1 3 0 0 10

Socotorina, the lb. 0 2 6 0 1 8

the Produce of the Cape of Good

Hope and imported direct from

thence, the lb. 0 0 3 0 0 2

of any other Sort, the lb. 0 0 9 0 0 6

Alum, the cwt. - ... 0 17 6

— Roch, the cwt. - 0 11 8 —

Amber, viz.

Beads, See Beads.

— Oil of, See Oil.

Rough, the lb. 0 1 8 0 1 1

Manufactures of Amber, not otherwise enu-

merated or described, the lb. 0 12 0

Ambergris, viz.

the Produce of British Fishing, the oz. 0 2 0

the Produce of Foreign Fishing, the oz. 0 5 0 —

Ambra Liquida, the lb. 0 3 4 —

Anacardium, See Cashew Nuts.

Anchovies, the lb. - - 0 1 0

Angelica, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Annotto or Rocou, viz.

Flag, the lb. - 0 0 5

Roll or any other Sort, not otherwise enu-

merated or described, the lb. 0 1 0

Antimony, viz.

Crude, the cwt. - 0 15 0

. Regulus of Antimony, the cwt. - 2 0 0 —

Apples, the Bushel - 0 4 0

dried, the Bushel - 0 7 0

Aquafortis, the cwt. - 0 14 3 —

Arangoes, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Archelia, See Orchal.

Argol, the cwt. - 0 2 0 —

the Produce of and imported from any British

Possession, the cw t. 0 1 0 —

6° GEO. IV. C. Ml.

821

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback. 1

£ S. d. £ s. d.

Aristolochia, the lb. .. - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Arquebusade Water, See Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb. 0 0 2

the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb. - 0 0 1

Arsenic, viz.

White, the cwt. - - 0 14 3 -

of any other Sort, the cwt. 0 18 8

Asafoetida, the lb. - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Asarum Root, the lb. - 0 0 8 0 0 5

Ashes, viz.

Pearl and Pot, the cwt. - - 0 6 0 .

the Produce of any British Possession,

and imported direct from thence - Free.

Soap and Wood, the cwt. - 0 18

not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Asphaltum, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession, the lb. 0 0 5

Asses, each - - 0 10 0 -- ,

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B. Bacon, the cwt. - 1 8 0

Balaustia, the lb. - 0 0 10 .

Balm of Gilead, See Balsam.

Balsam, viz.

Canada, the lb. 0 1 3 0 0 10

Copaiba or Capivi, the lb. 0 2 0 0 1 4

Riga, the lb. - - 0 10 —

- - - and further as Foreign Spirits, for every

Gallon - 1 10 0

Balm of Gilead, Balsam of Peru, of Tolu,

and all Balsams not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. 0 6 -

Bandstring Twist, the Dozen Knots, each Knot containing 32 Yards - 0 5 0

Barilla, viz.

if not containing a greater Proportion of

Mineral Alkali than 20 per Centum,

to the 6th of January 1829, the Ton - 8 10 0

- - - from the 5th of January 1829 to the 6th

of January 1830, the Ton 6 10 0 — '

- - - from and after the 5th of January 1830,

the Ton - 5 0 0 —

3 G 3

S22

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Barilla - — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not more than 25 per Centum of Mineral Alkali, to the 6th of January 1829, the Ton - 11 5 0

from the 5th of January 1829 to the 6th of January 1830, the Ton 8 12 0

from and after the 5th January 1830, the Ton - - 6 12 0

if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not more than 30 per Centum of Mineral Alkali, to the 6th January 1829, the Ton - - 14 10 0

from the 5th January 1829 to the 6th January 1830, the Ton 110 0

from and after the 5th January 1830, the Ton - 8 10 0

if containing more than 30 per Centum, and not more than 40 per Centum of Mineral Alkali, - to the 6th January 1829, the Ton - - 18 10 0

from the 5th January 1829 to the 6th January 1830, the Ton 14 0 0

from and after the 5th of January 1830, the Ton - - 11 0 0

if containing more than 40 per Centum, of Mineral Alkali, - to the 6th January 1829, the Ton - - 22 6 8

from the 5th January 1829 to the 6th January 1830, the Ton 17 0 0

from and after the 5th January 1830, the Ton - 13 0 0

Bark, viz. Angustura Bark, the lb. - - 0 2 0 0 1 4

Cascarilla Bark, See Eleutheria Bark, in Bark. Cinchona Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark. Clove Bark, the lb. - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Cork Tree Bark, See Oak Bark, in Bark. Eleutheria, or Cascarilla Bark, the lb. 0 0 6 0 0 4

— Guaiacum Bark, the cwt. - 1 8 0 0 18 8

Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark* Oak Bark, the cwt. - 0 0 8

Oak Bark, solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, See Extract. - Black Oak, or Quercitron Bark, for the Purpose of dyeing, imported from any Country not in Europe, the cwt. 0 2 0

6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

823

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bark — continued. Black Oak — continued. otherwise imported, for every 100/. £ s. d. £ s. d.

of the Value - 20 0 0

Peruvian or Jesuits Bark, the lb. Extract or Preparation of, See Extract. 0 2 0 0 1 4

Red Mangrove Bark, the cwt. 0 0 8 —

Sassafras Bark, the lb. 0 0 8 0 0 5

Simarouba Bark, the lb. - 0 1 0 0 0 8

Winter's Bark, the lb. Winter's Bark, the Produce of any British, 0 0 8 0 0 5

Possession, the lb. Bark not otherwise enumerated or described, being for the Use of Dyers or of Tanners, and for no other Use or Purpose whatever, for every 100/. of the 0 0 4 0 0 3

Value -- - - the Produce of any British Possession, 20 0 0

for every 100/. of the Value Bark not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, 10 0 0

whether pulverized or not, the lb. 0 2 0 —

Bar Wood, the Ton - Basket Rods, the Bundle not exceeding Three Feet 0 7 0 —

in Circumference at the Band - 0 3 2 .

Baskets, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Bast Ropes, the cwt. -Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, see Hats. Platting, or other Manufacture of Bast or Straw, for making Hats or Bonnets, See Platting. 0 10 0

Bdellium, the lb. - Beads, viz. 0 1 8 0 1 1

Amber Beads, the lb. - - 0 12 0 .

Beads, Arango, for every 100/. of the Value Coral Beads, the lb. - - 20 0 0 0 15 10 —

Crystal Beads, the 1,000 - Jet Beads, the lb. Beads not otherwise enumerated or de- 18 6 0 3 2 —

scribed, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 __

Beans, Kidney or French Beans, the Bushel Beef Wood, unmanufactured, imported from New 0 0 10 —

South Wales, the Ton Beer, viz. 0 5 0 —

Mum, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons 3 1 1 —

Spruce Beer, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallon* 3 G 4- 5 1 3.6 0

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Beer — continued. £ *. d. £ S. d.

or Ale of all other Sorts, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons - 2 13 0

Benjamin, or Benzoin, the lb. - - 0 2 0 0 1 4

Berries, viz, Bay, the cwt. - Juniper, the cwt. - -r Yellow, for Dyers' Use, the cwt. — Berries for Dyers' Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. 0 11 1 0 11 1 0 14 0 0 12 0 —

Berries not for Dyers' Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0

Bezoar Stones, the oz. 0 2 6 —

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen 0 8 0 —

Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Blacking, the cwt. - 3 12 0 —

Bladders, the Dozen - 0 0 6 —

Blubber, See Train Oil, in Oil. Bole Armenic or Armenian Bole, the cwt. 0 8 0 0 5 4-

Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, for every 100/. of the Value - 1 0 0

Bonnets, See Hats. Books, viz. being of Editions printed prior to the Year 1801, bound or unbound, the cwt. 1 0 0

being of Editions printed in or since the Year 1801, bound nr unbound, the cwt. 5 0 0

Note. — For the Description of Books prohibited to be imported, see the Act for the Regulation of the Customs, and Acts for securing Copyrights. Boracic Acid, the lb. - O o

Borax or Tincal, viz. Refined, the lb. Unrefined, the lb. - Botargo, the lb. - 0 0 6 0 0 3 0 10 —

Bottles, viz. of Earth or Stone, empty, the Dozen and further, full or empty, for every cwt. - 0 3 2 0 5 0 —

of Glass covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts Content - 12 0

J - and further, for every cwt. 4 0 0 —

6° GEO. IV. C. Ill

825

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bottles — continued. £ s. d. £ S. d.

— of Green or Common Glass, not of less Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, viz. full, the Dozen Quarts Content 0 0

empty, the Dozen Quarts Content 0 2 0

- — of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value 25 0 0

and further, for every cwt. 4 0 0 -

Note. — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty. Boxes of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Box Wood, viz. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the Ton 1 13 4

of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton 7 18 6

Brass, viz. Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0

Powder of, for Japanning, the lb. 0 2 6

Wire, See Wire. Brazil Wood, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton - 5 0 0

Braziletto, or Jamaica Wood, the Ton 0 16 8 .

Bricks or Clinkers, the 1,000 - 1 2 6

Brimstone, viz. Rough, the cwt. ... Refined, the cwt. - in Flour, the cwt. - Bristles, viz. Dressed, the Dozen lbs. Rough, or undressed, the Dozen lbs. Brocade of Gold or Silver, from the 5th July 1826, for every 100/. of the Value 0 0 6 0 6 0 0 9 9 0 12 0 0 3 7 30 0 0

of Silk, See Silk Manufactures. Bronze, all Works of Art made of Bronze, the cwt. 1 0 0

Powder, for every 100/. of the Value Buck Wheat, the Quarter ... 25 0 0 0 14 0 —

Bugles, of all Sorts, the lb. - 0 0

Bullion and Foreign Coin, of Gold or Silver, and Ore of Gold or Silver, or of which the major Part in Value is Gold or Silver, Duty free. Bull Rushes, the Load containing 63 Bundles 0 12 0

Burrachas, See Caoutchouc. Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stones. Butter, the cwt. - 1 0 0

Buttons, from the 5th July 1826, for every 100/. of the Value > o o o 04

826

C.lll.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

c. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Cables, tarred or untarred, whether in use or other-

wise, the cwt. - 0 10 9

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Calves Velves, the cwt. - 0 11 6 —

Cambogium, See Gamboge.

Cambrics, See Linen.

Camomile Flowers, the lb. - 0 0 6 0 0 4

Camphor, viz.

- refined, the lb. 0 0 10 —

unrefined, the lb. - - 0 0 5 ___

Camwood, the Ton - 0 15 0 —

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. - 0 1 3 0 0 10

Candles, viz.

Spermaceti, the lb. - - 0 2 6 —

Tallow, the cwt. - 3 3 4 —

Wax, the lb. - 0 2 6 —

Candlewick, the cwt. - 4 8 8

Canella Alba, the lb. - 0 0 8 0 0 5

Canes, viz.

Bamboo, the 1,000 - 1 14 0 —

Rattans, not ground, the 1,000 1 0 0 —

Reed Canes, the 1,000 - 1 6 6 —

— — Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted,

or otherwise ornamented, for every 100/. of

the Value - 30 0 0

Whangees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dra-

gon's Blood, and other Walking Canes or

Sticks, the 1,000 - 4 0 0 —

Cantharides, the lb. 0 3 6 0 2 4

Caoutchouc, or Elastic Gum, the lb. 0 0 5 —

Capers, the lb. 0 1 0 —

Capita Fapaverum, the 1,000 - 0 3 6 0 2 4

Capsicum, See Pepper.

Cardamoms, the lb. - 0 2 0 0 1 4

Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs 4 0 0 —

Cariophillorum Cortex, See Clove Bark, in Bark.

Oleum, See Oil of Cloves.-

Carmine, the oz. - 0 4 0 —

Carrabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Casks, empty, for every 100/. of the Value 50 0 0 —

Cassia, viz.

Buds, the lb. - 0 1 0 —

Fistula, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Lignea, the lb. - - 0 1 0 —

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

S27

INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Castor, the lb.

Casts of Busts, Statues, or Figures, the cwt. Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Catlings, Harpstrings, or Lutestrings, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Knots -Caviare, the cwt.

Cedar Wood, the Ton -

---- the Produce of, and imported from

any British Possession (except the Cape of Good Hope), the Ton

---- the Produce of the Cape of Good

Hope, and imported direct from thence, the Ton -

Chalk, viz.

---- prepared or otherwise manufactured, and not

otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value - — — unmanufactured, and not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value -

Charts, See Maps.

Cheese, the cwt.

Cherries, the cwt.

---- dried, the lb.

Chillies, See Pepper.

China Root, the lb.

China or Porcelain Ware, viz.

---- plain, for every 100/. of the Value

---- painted, gilt, or ornamented, for every 100/.

of the Value -

Chip, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, viz.

---- the Produce of, and imported from any British Possession, the lb.

---- the Produce of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the lb.

Cider, the Tun -

Cinders, the Ton -

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb. -Cinnamon, the lb.

— ---- the Produce of, and imported from any

British Possession, the lb.

£ s. d. £ 5. d.

0 5 0 0 3 4

0 2 6 —

0 6 4

0 12 0 — .

3 16 0

1 0 0 —

0 10 0 —

40 0 0 —

20 0 0 —

0 10 6

0 18 8 —

0 0 8 —

0 1 3 0 0 10

15 0 0 —

30 0 0 —

0 1 9 —

0 4

21 10 0

2 0 0 —

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 3 6 0 3 2

0 2 6 0 2 3

CO

INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Citra-t of Lime, the lb.

Citron preserved with Salt, for every 100/. of the Value -

---- preserved with Sugar, See Succades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz.

Clinkers, See Bricks.

Clocks, for every 100/. of the Value Cloves, the lb.

---- the Produce of, and imported from any

British Possession, the lb. -Coals, the Ton - -

Cobalt, the lb.

Cocculus Indicus, the lb.

---- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Cochineal, the lb.

---- Dust, the lb.

---- the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb.

---- Dust, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, viz.

---- the Produce of any British Possession

in America, the lb.

---- the Produce of any British Possession

within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the lb.

--- — ---- the Produce of any other Place, the lb.

Cocoa Nut Husks, or Cocoa Shells, the lb.

Cocoa Paste, See Chocolate.

Cocus Wood, the Produce of any British Possession, the Ton -

Codilla, See Flax.

Coffee, viz.

---- the Produce of any British Possession in

America, the lb.

---- the Produce of any British Possession

within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the lb.

---- the Produce of any other Place, the lb.

Coin, viz.

---- of Copper, See Copper.

---- Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Coker or Coco Nuts, See Nuts.

Coloquintida, or Colocynth, the lb.

£ s. d. £ s.

0 1 6 —

20 0 0 —

0 4 9 —

25 0 0

0 s 0 0 2

0 2 0 0 1

2 0 0 —

0 0 3 —

0 2 6 —

0 1 0

0 0 5 —

0 0 4

0 0 H —

0 0 6 —

0 0 9

0 1 3 —

0 0 2 —

0 3 0 —

0 0 6 —

0 0 9

0 1 3

0 1 8 0 i

7

9

6° GEO. IV. C. 11 r.

829

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback,

Columba Root, the lb. - £ s. d. 0 2 0 £ s. d. 0 1 4

Comfits, the lb. - - 0 2 6 —

Copper, viz. — Ore, the cwt. - 0 12 0

old, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. 0 15 0 —

— in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt. unwrought, viz. - - in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper, the cwt. 1 10 0 1 7 0

in part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt. 1 15 0

-- - Wire, See Wire. Manufactures of Copper not otherwise enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0

the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, viz. Ore, the cwt. - 0 1 0

old, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. - - 0 9 2

in Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt. 0 15 0

unwrought, viz. in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all Cast Copper, the cwt. 0 9 2

in part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, ham- mered or raised, the cwt. - 1 11 3

Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0

Copperas, viz. Blue, the cwt. 0 5 0

Green, the cwt. - White, the cwt. - Coral, viz. Beads, See Beads. in Fragments, the lb. - 0 5 0 0 12 0 0 1 0 —

whole, polished, the lb. 0 12 0

unpolished, the lb. - - 0 5 6

of British Fishing or Taking, the lb. - - 0 0 6

Cordage tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise (Standing or Running Rigging in use excepted), the cwt. - - 0 10 9 .

S80

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Cordial Waters, See Spirits. Cork, the cwt. £ a. d. 0 8 0 £ s. d.

Corks, ready made, the lb. - 0 7 0

Corn, See Act 3 Geo. 4. c. 60. Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb. 0 0 8

Costus, the lb. - - 0 10 0 0 8

Cotton, viz. Manufactures of, for every 100/. of the Value - 10 0 0

- and further, if printed, for every square Yard 0 0 3

Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, See Wool. Couhage, or Cowitch, the lb. - 0 1 3 0 0 10

CowTies, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Cranberries, the Gallon - 0 0 6

Crayons, for every 100/. of the Value 40 0 0

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. - 0 8

Crystal, viz. Beads, See Beads. rough, for every 100/. of the Value cut, or in any way manufactured, for every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0 30 0 0 —

Cubebs, the lb. - 0 2 0

Cucumbers, viz. — Pickled, including the Vinegar, the Gallon - - 0 3 0

Preserved in Salt and Water, for every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0

Culm, the Ton - - 2 0 0 —

Currants, the cwt. - 2 4 2 0 0

Cuttle Shells, the 1,000 - ... 0 12 6 —

D.

Damask Tabling, Towelling, or Napkinning, See Linen.

Dates, the cwt.

Derelict. Foreign Liquors, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain or Ireland, are subject to the same Duties and entitled to the same Drawbacks, as Liquors of the like Kind regularly imported.

Diagrydium, See Scammony,

Diamonds — Duty-free.

Diaper Tabling, Towelling, or Napkinning, See Linen.

Dice, the Pair -

4* 10 3

16 2

4 0 0

Dittany, the lb.

Down, the lb.

Dragon s Blood, See Sanguis Draconis.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -

Dust, perfumed, See Powder.

£ s. d.

0 1 0

0 1 3

20 0 0

E.

de-

Earthenware not otherwise enumerated scribed, for every 100/. of the Value Eels, See Fish.

Ebony, viz.

---- — the Produce of any British Possession, and

imported direct from thence, the Ton

---- — the Produce of any other Country, or if

otherwise imported, the Ton

---- Green Ebony, the Produce of and imported

from any British Possession, the Ton Eggs, the 120

Elastic Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Embroidery and Needlework, from the 5th July 1826, for every 100/. of the Value Emery Stones, See Stone.

Enamel, the lb.

Essence, viz.

---- of Bergamot or of Lemon, the lb.

---- of Spruce, for every 100/. of the Value

---- not otherwise enumerated or described,

the lb.

Euphorbium, the lb.

Extract, viz.

---- Cardamoms,

---- Cocculus Indicus,

---- Grains, viz.

---- Guinea Grains

---- - of Paradise,

---- — Liquorice,

---- Nux Vomica,

---- Oak Bark, solid Vegetable Extract from

Oak Bark, or other Vegetable Substances, to be used for the Purpose of tanning Leather, and for no other Purpose what-- ever, the cwt, -

Extract or Preparation of, for every 100/. of the Value

15 0 0

0 15 0

24 14 0

0 3 0

0 0 10

30 0 0

0 7 2

0 4 6

20 0 0

0 4 6

0 0 8

75 0 0

0 3 0

Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 0 8

0 0 5

INWARDS.

Duty.

Extract — continued,

---- the Produce of New South Wales and its

Dependencies, and imported direct from thence, until the 1st January 1833, Dutyfree.

---- Opium, Extract or Prepara-

---- Pepper, viz. Guinea > tion of, for every

Pepper, J 100/. of the Value

---- Peruvian or Jesuits Bark, Extract or Preparation of, the lb.

---- Quassia, Extract or Preparation of, for every

100/. of the Value -

---- Radix Rhataniae, Extract or Preparation of,

the lb.

---- Vitriol, Extract or Preparation of, for every

100/. of the Value -

---- Extract or Preparation of any Article, not

being particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value

£ s. d.

25 0 0

0 5 0

50 0 0

0 5 0

25 O' 0

20 0 0

Drawback.

£ S. d.

F.

Feathers, viz.

---- for Beds, in Beds or not, the cwt.

---- Ostrich, dressed, the lb.

..... undressed, the lb.

---- not otherwise enumerated or described,

2 4 0

1 10 0 0 10 0

---- dressed, for every 100/. of the

Value -

..... undressed, for every 100/. of the

Value -

Figs, the cwt.

Filtering Stones, See Stones.

Fish, viz.

---- Eels, the Ship's Lading -

---- Lobsters -

---- Oysters, the Bushel - -

---- Stock Fish, the 120

---- Sturgeon, the Keg, not containing more than

5 Gallons -

---- Turbots - -

---- Fresh Fish, of British taking, and imported in

British Ships or Vessels -

---- cured Fish, of British taking and curing

Fishing Nets, Old, See Rags.

20 0 0

10 0 0

1 1 6

13 1 3

Free.

0 1 6

0 5 0

0 9 0

Free.

Free.

Free.

0 19 0

INWARDS.

Duty.

Flasks, See Bottles.

Flax, and Tow or Codilla, of Hemp or Flax, whether dressed or undressed, viz.

---- until the 6th July 1826, the cwt.

---- from the 5th July 1826 until the 6th July 1827,

the cwt.

---- from the 5th July 1827 until the 6th July 1828,

the cwt.

---- from and after the 5th July 1828, the cwt.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt.

Flotsam, See Derelict.

Flower Roots, for every 100/. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every 1Q0/.

of the Value -Fossils not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value

---- Specimens of, See Specimens.

Frames for Pictures, Prints, or Drawings, for every 100/. of the Value -Frankincense, See Olibanum.

Furriers Waste, for every 100/. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Fustic, the Ton - -

---- the Produce of any British Possession in

America, or on the West Coast of Africa, the Ton

£ s.

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 0

0 19

20 0

25 0

20 0

20 0

20 0

0 4

0 3

G.

Galangal, the lb.

Galbanum, the lb, -

Galls, the cwt. -

Gamboge, the lb.

Garnets, viz.

---- cut, the lb. -

---- rough, the lb, - -

Gauze of Thread, for every 100/. of the Value Gentian, the lb.

Ginger, the cwt.

---- preserved, the lb.

---- the Produce of any British Possession, the

cwt.

---- preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass, from and after 5th January 1826, viz.

---- Crown Glass, or any Kind of Window Glass

(not being Plate Glass or German Sheet Glass), the cwt.

---- German Sheet Glass, the cwt.

6 Geo. TV. 3 H

0 0 0 1 0 11 0 1

1 10 0 10 30 0 0 0

2 13 0 3

0 11

0 0 0 1

8 6 10 0

Drawback,

d. £ s. d.

4 —

3 —

2 1 —

0 —

0 —

0 —

0 —

0 —

0 —

6 —

0 —

6 0 0 4

4 0 0 10

2 —

8 0 1 1

0

0 —

0 —

6 o o

0 —

2 —

6 0 10 0

3 —

6 0 1 0

8

0 —

834- C. 111. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Glass — continued .: Plate Glass, superficial Measure, viz.. not containing more than 9 Square- Feet, from the 5th January. 1826 to the 6th January £ s, d. £ <?. d.

1827, the Square Foot after the 5th January 1827, the 0 7 0 —

i Square Foot - containing more than 9 Square Feet, and not more than 14 Square Feet, from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th January 0 6 0

1 1827, the Square Foot after the 5th January 1827, the 0 9 0 —

Square Foot containing more than 14 Square Feet, and not more than 36 Square Feet, from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th January 1827, the Square 0 8 0

Foot after the 5th January 1827, the 0 10 6 —

Square Foot containing more than 36 Square Feet, from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th January 1827, the 0 9 6

Square Foot after the 5th January 1827, the 0 12 0 —

Square Foot Glass Manufactures not otherwise enumerated or described, and old broken Glass fit only to be remanufactured, for every 100/. of the 0 11 0

Value - 20 0 0 —

and further, for every cwt. 4 0 0 — .

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt, - Gloves, viz. — Habit Gloves, from the 5th July 1826, the 0 9

Dozen Pair - - — Men's Gloves, from the 5th July 1826, the 0 0 —

Dozen Pair -- Women's Gloves or Mitts, from the 5th 0 5 0 —

July 1826, the Dozen Pair 0 7 0 —

Glue, th§ cwt. -Grains, viz. 0 12 0

Guinea Grains, the lb. Extract or Preparation of, See Grains, in Extract. 0 2 0

of Pai^dise, the lb. - O' CM O —

INWARDS.

Duty.

Grains — continued.

---- of Paradise — continued.

..... Extract or Preparation of,

See Grains, in Extract,

Gr anil la, the lb.

- the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb.

Grapes, for every 100/. of the Value

---- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grease, the cwt.

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Gum, viz.

---- Ammoniac, the lb.

---- Animi, rough, and in no way cleaned, the lb.

---- scraped, or in any way cleaned, the lb.

---- Arabic, the cwt.

Cashew, the cwt.

---- Copal, rough, and' in no way cleaned, the lb.

---- scraped, or in any way cleaned, the lb.

---- Elemi, the lb.

---- Guaiacum, the lb.

---- Juniper, See Gum Sandarach.

---- Kino, or Gum Rubrum Astringens, the lb.

---- Lac, viz.

La^Lake } ^or evC1T 100/. of the Value ---- Lac Dye

---- Seed Lac. >for every 100/. of the Value

---- Stick Lac J

---- Shell Lac, for every 100/. of the Value

---- Opopanax, the lb.

---- Rubrum Astringens, See Gum Kino,

---- Sagapenum, the lb.

---- Sandarack, or Juniper, the cwt.

— — Sarcocolla, the lb.

---- Senegal, the cwt.

---- Tacamahaca, the lb.

---- Tragacanth, the lb.

---- Gum, not particularly enumerated or de-

serihed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -

Gunpowder, the cwt.

Gypsum, the Ton

---- the Produce of, and imported from any

British Possession, the Ton

3 H 2

Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 0 10 —

0 0 5

20 0 o. —

0 1 8

0 2 0 —

0 1 3 0 0 10

0 0 5 —

0 0 6 —

0 m 0 —

0 7 6 0 5 0

0 0 5 —

0 0 6 —

0 0 8 0 0 5

0 1 10 0 1 2

0 1 6. 0 1 0

10. 0 0 —

5 0 0 —

20 0 0

0 3 6 0 2 4

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 19 0 0 12 8

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 12 0 —

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 1 0 0 0 8

20 0 0

3 0 0 —

1 11 8 —

0 1 3

836

C. Ill

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

H. Hair, viz. £ s, d. £ s. d.

- Camels Hair or Wool, the lb. the Produce of, and imported from any British Possession 0 0 1 Free.

Cow, Ox, Bull, or Elk Hair, the cwt. Goats Hair, See Wool. Hats made of Hair, See Hats. 0 10 0 *

Horse Hair, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 ,

Human Hair, the lb. - not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 5 0 —

every 100/. of the Value Manufactures of Hair or Goats Wool, or of Hair or Goats Wool and any other Material, not particularly enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of 20 0 0

the Value - 30 0 0 —

Hams, the cwt. - r - t Harp Strings, See Catlings. Hats, viz. Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, 18 0

the Dozen -- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 1 0 0 —

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen - Straw Plats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Dia- 2 0 0

meter^ the Dozen - each Plat or Bonnet exceeding 22 3 8 0 —

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen - made of, or mixed with Felt, PPair, Wool, or 6 16 0 —

Beaver, the Hat Hay, the Load containing 36 Trusses, each Truss 0 10 6 —

being 56 lbs. -Head Matter, See Train Oil, in Oil. 1 0

Heath, for Brushes, the cwt. 0 9 2 —

Helebore, the lb. - - r Hemp, viz. 0 0 6 0 0 4

— — - — dressed, the cwt. - rough or undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, the 4 15 0

cwt. - r - - the Produce of any British Possession Hessen Canvas, See Linen, 0 8 Free,

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

837

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hides, viz. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Horse, Mare, Gelding, Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, viz. Dry, the cwt. - 0 8

Wet, the cwt. - - 0 2 4 —

the Produce of, and imported from the West Coast of Africa, each Hide not exceeding 14lbs. Weight, the cwt. 0 2 4

tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 1 0 —

the Produce of any British Possession, viz. Dry, the cwt. - 0 2 4

Wet, the cwt. 0 12

tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. - 0 0 6 —

Tails, See Tails. Losh Hides, the lb. 0 1 8 —

Muscovy or Russia Hides, tanned, or colour- ed, the Hide - Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Possession in America, for every 100/. of the Value 0 15 0 —

5 17 6

Hides, or Pieces of Hide, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Hides, or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor other-, wise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value - 75 0 0

Hones, the 100 - 1 3 0 — .

Honey, the Produce of any British Possession, the cwt. ---- 0 5 0

the Produce of any other Place, the cwt. - Hoofs of Cattle, for every 100/. of the Value 0 15 0 20 0 0 —

Hoops, viz. of Iron, the cwt. - of Wood, the 1,000 - Hops, the cwt. - 1 3 & 0 15 0 8 11 0 —

Horns, Horn Tips, and Pieces of Horns, not otherwise charged with Duty, the cwt. 0 2 4 '

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each 1 0 0 T —

Hulled Barley, See Pearl Barley. Hungary Water, See Spirits. 3 H 3 Hosted b;

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825 '

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

I. and J. Jalap, the lb. <0 2 0 0 1 4

Japanned Ware, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 1 —

Jet, the lb. - 0 2 0 —

— Beads, See Beads, j Jetsam, See Derelict. Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones (except Diamonds,) viz. set, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

not set, for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0 —

, Jews Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicum .: India Rubbers, See Caoutchouc. Indigo, the lb. - 0 0

the Produce of any British Possession, the lb. Ink for Printers, the cwt. .- 0 0 3 1 1 0 —

Inkle, viz. unwrought., the lb. -- - 0 0 10 -

wrought, the lb. O 5 2 —

1 Iris Root, See Orrice Root.

[Iron, viz. in Bars or unwrought, - the Produce of any British Possession, and imported from thence, the Ton - 0 2 6

the Produce of any other Country, the Ton - 1 10 0

slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn 1 or hammered less than J of an Inch square, the cwt. - - 0 3 0

Cast, for every 100/. of the Value 10 0 0. —

Hoops, See Hoops. old broken, and old cast Iron, the Ton - - 0 12 0

Ore, the Ton - - 0 5 0 .. —

Pig Iron, the Ton - the Produce of, and imported from any; British Possession, the Ton 0 10 0 —

0 13

Wire, See Wire. wrought, not otherwise enumerated or described, for ^very 100/. of the Value - 2© 0 0

Isinglass, the cwt. - 2 7 6 —

the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the cwt. 0 15 10

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges. raw, the Gallon, for every Degree of specific Gravity or Strength 0 0 GJ

concentrated, the Gallon, for every Degree of specific Gravity or Strength - - J <-<IC3 o o o —

6° GEO. IV.

Gill.

535

INWARDS, Duty.. Drawback.

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges — continued. the Produce of and imported from any Bri-, tish Possession, whether concentrated or raw, the Gallon, for every Degree of spe- £ sd. £ s. d.

cific Gravity or Strength Junk, old, See Rags, old. IC Kelp, See Alkali. Lu Lac, See Lac, in Gum. Lace, viz. Silk Lace, for every 100/. of the Value, until 31 ' ' o o

the 6th July 1826 - - after the 5th July 1826, See Silk Manufactures. o o o

Thread Lace, for every 100/. of the Value - Plain Silk Lace, called Net or Tulle, viz. until the 6th July 1826, the Square 30 0 0 - (

Yard after the 5th July 1826, See Silk Manufactures. o to o -:

Lacquered Ware, for every 100/. of the Value Lagan, See Derelict. 30 0 0 — ,

Lamp Black, the cwt. - -Lapis, viz. Calaminaris, the cwt - - 3 § 6

0 1 0

Lazuli, the lb. - r 0 3 2 T

Tutiae, the lb.. P - - 0 0 8

Lard, the cwt. -Latten, viz. Black, the cwt. - Shaven, the cwt. - - 0 8 0 0 14 0 1 5 0 —

Lavender Flowers, the lb,. r Lawns, See Linen. Lead, viz. t 0 0 10 i *' \

Black, the cwt. - - 0 0, UJ-

Chromate of Lead, the lb. 0 2 0,

Ore, the Ton - 0 10 0

Pig, the Ton 2 0 0 -1

Red, the cwt. - 0 6 0 r

White, the cwt. - Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 7 0

every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0 1

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves 3 H 4 0 3 0 I

am.

6° GEO. IV.

840

A.D. 182^.

INWARDS.

Leaves of Roses, the lb.

Lemons, See Oranges.

— — — — Peel of, the lb.

* ---- Preserved in Salt and Water, for every

100/. of the Value

..... in Sugar, See Succades.

Lentiles, the Bushel -

Lichen Islandicus, See Moss.

Lignum, viz.

---- Quassia, See Quassia.

---- Rhodium, the cwt.

---- Vitae, the Produce of, and imported from

any British Possession, the Ton

- - - of any other Place, or if otherwise

imported, the Ton Limes, Juice of, See Juice.

Linen, or Linen and Cotton, viz.

— — — Cambrics, and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth, and so in proportion for any I greater or less Quantity

- - - Plain

- - - Bordered Handkerchiefs

---- Lawns of any other Sort, not French, viz.

---- not containing more than 60 Threads

to the Inch of Warp, the Square Yard

---- containing more than 60 Threads to the

Inch'of Warp, the Square Yard

---- Damasks, and Damask Diaper, viz.

---- from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th

of January 1827, the Square Yard -

---- One eighth Part of One Shilling (Part

of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years.

- - from the 5th January 1834, the Square

Yard -

— ---- Drillings, Ticks, and Twilled Linens, viz.

---- from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th

of January 1827, the Square Yard - - One eighth Part of Three Pence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years.

Duty. Drawback.

£ 5. d. £ s. d.

0 0 10 —

0 0 5 —

20 0 0 —

0 0 10 —

1 0 0 —

0 112 —

00 CN

0 6 0

0 5 0 "

0 0 9 —

0 1 0 —

O CO o —

0 2 0 —

0 0 11

C.lll.

841

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback,

Linen — continued. Drillings, Ticks, &c. — continued from the 5th of January 1834, the £ s. d. £ s. d.

Square Yard - 0 0 8 —

Sail Cloth, the Square Yard Plain Linens, and Diaper, not otherwise enumerated or described, and whether chequered or striped with dyed Yarn or not, viz. not containing more than 20 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 0 0 7

1827, the Square Yard - One eighth Part of Three Farthings (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, 0 0 3

the Square Yard containing more than 20 Threads, and not more that 24 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, 0 0 2[

the Square Yard - One eighth Part of a Halfpenny (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th January 1827, and the like on every 6th January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, MC* CO O o

the Square Yard containing more than 24 Threads, and not containing more than 30 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, 0 0 3

the Square Yard One eighth Part of a Penny (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years. 0 0 5

842

C. 11I.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen — continued. Plain Linens and Diaper — continued from the 5th of January 183A, £ s. d. £ s. d.

the Square Yard containing more than 30 Threads, and not containing more than 40 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, 0 0 4

the Square Yard — One eighth Part of Three Halfpence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, 0 0 6

the Square Yard - containing more than 40 Threads, and not containing more than 60 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, o o 44

the Square Yard - One eighth Part of Four-pence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, 0 1 0

the Square Yard - - containing more than 60 Threads, and not containing more than 80 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, 0 0 8

the Square Yard One eighth Part of Four Pence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for -Seven succeeding Years. ..... from the 5th January 1834, 0 1 2

the Square Yard 0 0 10 "* —

A.D. 182S.

6° GEO. IV. C. 11I.

813

INWARDS. 1 Duty. Drawback.

Linen — coniinmd. Plain Linens and Diaper — continued. containing more than 80 Threads, and not containing more than 100 Threads to the Inch of War jo, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of January 1827, £ d. £ s. d.

1 the Square Yard One eighth Part of Four Pence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, 0 1 4

the Square Yard containing more than 100 Threads to the Inch of Warp, from the 5th of January 1826 to the 6th of Januaiyl827, 0 1 0

the Square Yard One eighth Part of Sixpence (Part of the above Duty) to cease on the 6th of January 1827, and the Like on every 6th of January for Seven succeeding Years. from the 5th of January 1834, 0 2 0

the Square Yard or, and instead of the Duties hereinbefore imposed upon Linens of all Sorts, at the Option of the Importer, for every 100/. 0 1 6

of the Value - -Note. — No increased Rate of Duty to be charged on any Linen or Lawns for any additional Number of Threads not exceeding Two Threads, for such as are not of 30 Threads to the Inch, nor for any additional Number of Threads not exceeding Five Threads, for such as are of 30 Threads and upwards to the Inch. Printed Linen, in addition to the rated Du- 40 0 0

ties thereon, for every Square Yard Sails, for every 100/. of the Value Foreign-made Sails, on board any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, whether in use or not, for every O 0 31 30 0 0 —

100/. of the Value - 30 0 —

C.lll.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen — continued. —. Manufactures of Linen, or of Linen mixed with Cotton or with Wool, not particularly enumerated, or otherwise charged with Duty, from and after 5th January 1826, for £ s. d. £ S. d.

every 100/. of the Value and further, if printed, for 25 0 0 —

every Square Yard Q 0 3§

Linseed Cakes, the cwt. - 0 0 2

Liquorice Juice, or Succus Liquoritiae, the cwt. Powder, the cwt. - Root, the cwt. - Extract or Preparation of, See Extract. Liquors. Foreign Liquors, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain or Ireland, are subject to the same Duties, and entitled to the same Drawbacks, as Liquors of the like Kind regularly imported. 3 15 0 5 10 0 3 3 4 —

Litharge of Gold or Silver, the cwt. 0 2 0 —

Litmus, the cwt. - - -Liverwort, See Lichen Islandicus, in Moss. 0 0 —

Logwood, the Ton the Produce of any British Possession in 0 6 —

America, or on the West Coast of Africa, the Ton 0 3 0

Lupines, the cwt, -Lutestrings, See Catlings. M. 0 5 0

Macaroni, the lb. - 0 08

Mace, the lb. - - - the Produce of and imported from any British 0 6 0 0

Possession, the lb. - - 0 3 6 0 3 2

Madder, the cwt. - - 0 6 0 —

Madder Root, the cwt. - 0 16 - —

Magna Graecia Ware, for every 100/. of the Value -Mahogany, viz. of the Growth of Bermuda, or any of the Bahama Islands, and imported direct from thence respectively, and Mahogany imported direct from the Bay of Honduras, in a British Ship, cleaned 5 00

out from the Port of Belize, the Ton — of the Growth of the Island of Jamaica, and imported direct from thence, the 3 16 0

Ton - 5 0 0 —

C. 111.

845

6° GEO. IV.

INWARDS, Duty. Drawback.

Mahogany — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

of the Growth of any othe Place, or

otherwise imported or cleared out,

the Ton - 11 17 6 —

Mangoes, the Gallon .*> - - 0 6 0 —

Manna, the lb. O 1 3 0 0 10

Manuscripts, the lb. - 0 0 2 —

Maps or Charts, plain or coloured, each Map or

Chart, or Part thereof - 0 0 6 —

Marble, See Stone.

Marbles for Children, See Toj^s,

Marmalade, the lb. 0 1 3 .

the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb. 0 0 3 —

Mastic, the lb. - 0 1 4 0 0 10

Mats, viz.

- of Russia, the 100 1 3 9 — .

not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0 —

Matting, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Mattrasses, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Mead or Metheglin, the Gallon - 0 6 7 -,

Medals, viz.

- of Gold or Silver Free.

of any other Sort, for every 100/. of the

Value - 5 0 0 ' — —

Medlars, the Bushel - 0 5 0

Melasses, the cwt. 1 3 9

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession, the cwt. 0 10 0

Melting Pots, for Goldsmiths, See Pots.

Mercury prepared, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Metal, viz.

Bell Metal, the cwt. - 1 0 0 .

Leaf Metal (except Leaf Gold) the Packet

containing 250 Leaves 0 0 8 —

Metheglin, See Mead.

Mill Boards, the cwt. - 3 8 2

Mill Stones, See Stone.

Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0

Specimens of, See Specimens.

Models of Cork or Wood, for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0 —

Morels, the lb. 0 2 9 —

Moss, viz.

Lichen Islandicus or Liverwort, the lb. 0 0 8 —

Rock, for Dyers Use, the Ton 0 15 0 —

not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

846

C. 11L

6' GEO. IV. A.D. 18525.

INWARDS, Duty. Drawback.

£. d. £ Si d.

Mother of Pearl Shells, for every 100/i of the Value 5. 0 0 —

Mules, each - a 10. 0 —

Mum,. See Beer.

Musical Instruments, for every 100/. of the Value - 20- o. a —

Musk, the oz. - 0 5 0. 0. 3 4

Myrrh, the lb. 0. 1 8 0. 1 1

Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

N.

Napkinning, See Linen.

Nardus Celtica, the cwt. 1 0 0 0 13 4

Indica, See Spikenard.

Natron, See Alkali.

Needle Work, See Embroidery.

Nets, viz. old Fishing Nets, fit only for making

Paper or Pasteboard, See Rags.

Nicaragua Wood, the Ton 0 15 0 —

Nitre, viz. Cubic Nitre, the cwt. 0 0 6 —

Nutmegs, the lb* - 0 3 6 0 3 2

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession, the lb. - - 0 2 6 0 2 3

Nuts, viz.

Cashew Nuts, the lb - 0 2 0 0 1 4

the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb. 0 0 1 —

Kernels, the lb. - 0 0 2 —

Castor Nuts, the lb. 0 0 4 —

Coker or Coco Nuts, the Produce of any British Possession, the 120 Nuts 0 5 0 —

Chesnuts, the Bushel 0 2. 0 —

Pistachio Nuts, the lb. - 0 0 10 —

Small Nuts, the Bushel - 0 2 0 —

Walnuts, the BusheL ' 0 2 a —

Nuts not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100/. of the Value 20- 0 0 —

Nux Vomica, the lb. Or 2 6, —

Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

O.

Oakum, the cwt. - - 0 4 9

Ochre or Oaker, the cwt. - - 0 6 9 —

Oil, viz.

— of Almonds, the lb. - 0 0 10 —

— of Amber or Succinum, the lb. 0 5 6 —

— of Anniseed, the lb. o. 4 0 —

— of Bay, the lb. - 0 0 3 —

C.lll

847

INWARDS. Duty. 1 Drawback.

Oil — continued\ £ s. d. £ s. d.

— of Cajaputa, the oz. 0 I 0 — -

— of Caraway, the lb. - - 0 2 6 —

— of Cassia, the oz. - 0 1 0 — .

— of Castor, the lb. 0 1 0 —

any British Possession, the lb. — Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de- Q 0 6 —

scribed, the lb. 0 0

— of Cinnamon, the oz. - 0 1 0 —

— of Cloves, the oa. 0 2 0 —

— of Cocoa Nut, the cwt. - 0 2 6 —

— of Fennel, the lb. - — Fish Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil. 0 0 —

— of Hemp Seed, the Tun - 39 18 0 —

— of Jessamine, the lb. 0 0 —

— of Juniper, the lb. - - 0 2 0 —

— of Lavender, the lb. 0 0 —

— of Linseed, the Tun - - 39 18 0 —

— of Mace, the oz. 0 2 6 —

— of Marjorum, the lb. - — of Neroli, See Oil of Orange Flower. 0 0 —

— of Nutmegs, the oz. - - 0 2 6 —

— of Olives, the Tun - 8 8 0 —

— of Orange Flower or Neroli, the oz. 0 2 0 —

— of Palm, the cwt. - — Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de- 0 2: 6 —

scribed, the lb. - 0 0 < —

— of Pine, the lb. 0 0 8 —

— of Rape Seed, the Tun - 39 18 0 —

— of Rhodium, the oz. - 0 5 0 —

— Rock Oil, the lb. 0 0 10 —

— of Rosemary, the lb. — of Roses, See Otto of Roses. 0 0 —

— of Rosewood, the oz. - - — Sallad Oil, See Oil of Olives. 0 5 0 —

— of Sandal Wood, the oz. 0 2 6 —

— of Sassafras, the lb. - - — Seal Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil. — Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 2 6.

the Ton - — of Spermaceti, See Train Oil, in Oil. 39 18 0

— of Spike, the lb. — of Succinum, See Oil of Amber. o o

— of Thyme, the lb. — Train Oil, Blubber, Spermaceti Oil, and Head Matter, viz. the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the o o

INWARDS, Duty, Drawback.

Oil — continued. — Train Oil, See. — continued. Crews of British Ships, and imported direct from the Fishery, or from any British Possession, in a British Ship, £ s. d. £ s. d.

the Tun - the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in 0 1 0 —

the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun - 26 12 0

— of Turpentine, the lb. 0 0 8 —

— of Vitriol, the lb. - 0 0 6 —

— Walnut Oil, the lb. — Whale Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil, — Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 0 0 6

100/. of the Value -Oker, See Ochre. 50 0 0 —

Olibanum, the cwt. - 2 0 0 1 2

Olives, the Gallon -Olive Wood, viz. the Produce of and imported from 0 2 0

any British Possession, the Ton of any other Place, or if otherwise 0 12 4 —

imported, the Ton 8 9 6 —

Onions, the Bushel - - 0 3 0

Opium, the lb. - - Extract or Preparation of, See Extract. Opopanax Gum, See Gum. 0 9 0 0 6 0

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon Oranges and Lemons, viz, the Chest or Box, not exceeding the Ca- 0 3 9

pacity of 5,000 Cubic Inches the Chest or Box, exceeding the Capacity of 5,000 Cubic Inches, and not exceed- 0 3 4

7, 300 Cubic Inches - - the Chest or Box, exceeding the Capacity of 7, 300 Cubic Inches, and not exceed- 0 5 0

ing 14,000 Cubic Inches — for every 1,000 Cubic Inches exceeding the above Rate of 14,000 Cubic Inches, and so in proportion for any greater or 0 10 0

less Excess - - 0 0 10, —

- loose, the 1,000 - - or, and at the Option of the Importer, for 1 0 0 —

every 100/. of the Value — — Juice of, See Juice. 100 0 0 —

Peel of, the lb. - 0 0 6 —

Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt. Ore, not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 6 0 — *

every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0 —

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

849

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Ore — continued. £ s. d. £ d.

of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Specimens of, See Specimens.

Orpiment, the cwt. - 18 6 —

Orris, or Iris Root, the cwt. - 1 8 6 —

Orsedew, the lb. - 0 1 3 —

Otto, or Attar, or Oil of Roses, the oz. - 0 6 0 —

P.

Paddy, See Rice.

Painters' Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value Paintings on Glass, for every 100/. of the Value -

..... and further, for every cwt. of Glass

Paper, viz.

---- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

---- printed, painted, or stained Paper, or Paper

Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard Square -

---- waste Paper, or Paper of any other Sort,

not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. Parchment, the Dozen Sheets - -

Pasteboards, the cwt.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.

Pearls, for every 100/. of the Value Pears, the Bushel ...

— — dried, the Bushel - -

Pellitory, the lb.

Pelts, See Skins.

Pencils, for every 100/. of the Value

---- of Slate, for every 100/. of the Value

Pens, for every 100/. of the Value Pepper of all Sorts, the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the lb. ---- of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the lb.

Perfumed Dust, See Powder.

Perry, the Tun -

Pewter, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, including the Vinegar, the Gallon 6 Geo. IV. 3 I

30 0 0 30 0 0 0 0

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 9

0 10 0

3 8 2

0 17 6

5 0 0

0 7 6

0 10 0

0 0 6

30 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

0 1 0

0 1 6

22 13 8

20 0 0

0 6 0

0 0 4

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Pictures, viz. £ d. £ s. d.

under Two Feet Square, the Picture S 8 0

Two Feet Square and under Four Feet

Square, the Picture - 6 16 0

Four Feet Square or upwards, the Picture 10 0 —

Pimento, viz.

the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb. 0 0 5

the Produce of any other Place, the lb. 0 1 3 ,

Pink Boot, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Pitch, the cwt. ---- 0 0 10 —

the Produce of any British Possession,

the cwt. - - 0 0 9 —

Burgundy Pitch, the cwt. 0 14 3

Jews' Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicum.

Plants, Shrubs, and Trees alive Free.

Plaster of Paris, the cwt. - - 0 1 0 —

Plate, viz.

battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, See

Bullion.

of Gold, the oz. Troy - 3 16 9 —

of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy 0 6 4. —

Part gilt, the oz. Troy 0 6 0 —

ungilt, the oz. Troy 0 6 —

Platina, the oz. - 0 1 0 —

Ore of, for every 100/. of the Value 5 0 0 —

Platting or other Manufactures to be used in or

proper for making Hats or Bonnets, viz.

of Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, the lb. 1 0 0 —

of Straw, the lb. - 0 17 0 - —

Plums, dried, the lb. - 0 1 3 —

Polishing Rushes, for every 100/* of the Value 20 0 0 —

Stones, See Stones.

Pomatum, for every 100/. of the Value - 30 0 0 —

Pomegranates, the 1,000 - 1 10 0 —

Peels of, the cwt. 0 15 0 —

Poppies Head, See Capita Papaverum *

Porcelain, See China Ware.

Potatoes, the cwt* - 0 2 0 —

Pots, viz.

Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100 0 3 2 —

of Stone, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Powder, viz.

Hair Powder, the cwt. 9 15 0 —

perfumed, or perfumed Dust, the cwt. 13 13 0 —

Powder not otherwise enumerated or described, that will serve for the same Uses as

Starch, the cwt. - 9 10 0 —

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

851

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Prints and Drawings, viz, £ s. d. £ s. d.

plain, each - 0 0 1 —

coloured, each - 0 0 2 —

Prunelloes, the lb. - 0 1 3 —

Prunes, the cwt. - 1 7 6 —

Q.

Quassia, the cwt. - 8 17 6 —

Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Quern Stones, See Stones.

Quicksilver, the lb. - 0 0 6 0 0 3,

Quills, viz.

Goose Quills, the 1,000 0 2 6 —

Swan Quills, the 1,000 - 0 12 0 —

Quinces, the 100 0 4 0 —

Quinines, Sulphate of, the oz. - - 0 2 6 —

R.

Radix, viz.

Contrayervae, the lb. 0 1 8 0 1 1

Enulae Campanae, the cwt. 0 13 6 0 9 0

Eringii, the lb. - - 0 0 6 0 0 4

Ipecacuanhae, the lb. 0 4 0 0 2 8

Rhataniae, the lb. 0 2 0 0 1 4

Extract or Preparation of, See

Extract.

Senekae, the lb. - - 0 1 9 0 1 2

Serpentariae, or Snake Root, the lb. 0 1 9 0 1 2

Rags, viz.

Old Rags, old Ropes, or Junk, or old Fishing

Nets, fit only for making Paper or Paste-

board, the Ton - 0 5 0

Woollen Rags, fit only for Manure, the Ton - 0 7 6

Raisins, viz.

Denia or Lexia, the cwt. 1 0 0 0 18 0

of the Sun, the cwt. - 2 2 6 1 18 0

of any other Sort, the cwt. 1 2 0 1 0 0

of all Sorts, the Produce of any British

Possession, the cwt. - - 0 10 0 0 9 0

Rape Cakes, the cwt. - 0 0 2

of Grapes, the Tun - 13 6 0 .

Ratafia, See Spirits.

Red Wood, or Guinea Wood, the Ton 0 15 0

Rennett, the Gallon - 0 0 6 .

Resina Jalappae, the lb. - - 0 6 9 0 4 6

Rhatany Root, See Radix Rhataniae.

Rhinehurst, the cwt. - Q T o 0 14 3 0 9 6

3 I 2

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Rhubarb, the lb. - 0 0 0 2 8

the Produce of any British Possession,

the lb. - - 0 2 6 0 1 8

Rice, viz.

not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt. 0 15 0

rough and in the Husk, or Paddy, the Bushel 0 2 6

the Produce of any British Possession,

not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt. 0 5 0 - r

- - - rough and in the Husk, or Paddy, the

Bushel - 0 0 7| __

Rocou, See Annotto.

Ropes, new, See Cordage.

old, See Rags.

Rosewood, the cwt. - 1 0 0 _ .

Rosin, or Colophonia, the cwt. - - 0 9

the Produce of any British Possession, the

CWt. ---- CM CO o

Rubies, See Jewels.

S.

Saccharum Saturni, the lb. - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Safflower, the cwt. - 0 5 0

Saffron, the lb. - 0 2 6

Sago, viz.

Pearl, the cwt. - 1 10 0

Common, the cwt. - - 0 15 0

Powder, the cwt. - 1 10 0, --

Sails, See Linen.

Sal, viz.

Ammoniac, the lb. - - 0 0 3

Gem, the cwt. - - 0 8 0

Limonum, the lb. - - 0 9

Prunelle, the lb. - 0 0 6 __

Succini, the lb. - 0 3 2

Salep or Salop, the lb. - 0 1 3 0 0 10

Salt ---- Free.

Saltpetre, the cwt. - - 0 0 6 —

Sanguis Draconis, the lb. 0 1 8 0 1 1

Santa Maria Wood, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Sapan Wood, the Ton - 0 15 0 —

Sarsaparilla, the lb. 0 1 3 0 0 10

the Produce of an}' British Possession,

the lb. 0 1 0 0 0 10

/ Sassafras, the cwt. 0 6 4 —

/ Saunders, viz.

/ Red, the Ton - 0 12 0 —

1 - White or Yellow, the lb. i 0 0 10 —

C.lll.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £s. d.

Sausages or Puddings, the lb. - - 0 1 3

Scaleboards, the cwt. - 3 8 2 -

Scammony, the lb. 0 6 4 0 2

Scilla, See Squills.

Seed, viz.

Acorns, the Bushel ... 0 1 0 .

Ammi or Ammios Seed, the lb. 0 0 6

Anniseed, the cwt. - 3 0 0

Burnet Seed, the cwt. - 1 0 0 .

Canary Seed, the cwt. - 3 0 0

Caraway Seed, the cwt. - - 1 10 0

Carrot Seed, the lb. - 0 0 9

Carthamus Seed, the lb. 0 0 6 _____

Castor Seed, the lb. 0 0 4

Cevadilla Seed, See Sabadilla Seed.

Clover Seed, the cwt. - 1 0 0

Cole Seed, from the 5th January 1826 to the

6th July 1826, the Last 5 0 0 — .

- - - from and after the 5th. July 1826, the

Last - - 0 10 0

Coriander Seed, the cwt. - 0 15 0 — .

Cummin Seed, the cwt. - - 1 0 0

Fennel Seed, the lb. 0 0 9

Fennugreek Seed, the cwt. - - 0 9 6

Flax Seed, viz.

until the 6th April 1826, the Bushel 0 0 5

after the 5th April 1826, the Quarter 0 1 0

Forest Seed, the lb. - - 0 0 6

Garden Seed not particularly enumerated

or described, nor otherwise charged with

Duty, the lb. 0 0 6 —

Grass Seed of all Sorts, the cwt. 1 0 0 —

Hemp Seed, the Quarter - - 2 0 0 —

the Produce of and imported from any

British Possession, the Quarter 0 1 0 —

Leek Seed, the lb. - - 0 1 6 —

Linseed, viz.

until the 6th of April 1826, the Bushel - 0 0 5 —

after the 5th of April 1826, the Bushel 0 1 0 —

— Lucerne Seed, the cwt. - 1 0 0 —

Maw Seed, the cwt. - 3 0 0 —

Millet Seed, the cwt. 0 11 6 —

Mustard Seed, the Bushel 0 8 0 —

Onion Seed, the lb. ... 0 1 6 —

Parsley Seed, the lb. 0 0 1 —

Peas, when prohibited to be imported as Corn,

the Bushel 0 7 6 —

Piony or Peony Seed, the lb. Q T Q o 0 6 - 1

3 13

854

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Seed — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Quince Seed, the lb. Rape Seed, from the 5th January 1826 to the 0 3 0 —

6th July 1826, the Last 5 0 0

from and after the 5th July 1826, the Last 0 10 0

Sabadilla or Cevadilla Seed, the lb. Shrub or Tree Seed, not otherwise enume- 0 1 0 —

rated, the lb. 0 0 6

Trefoil Seed, the cwt. 1 0 0

Worm Seed, the lb. - All Seeds not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, commonly made use of for extracting Oil therefrom, from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th July 1826, 0 1 6 0 1 0

the Last. - 5 0 0 —

from and after the 5th July 1826, the Last All other Seed not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with 0 10 0 -

Duty, for every 100/. of the Value Segars, See Tobacco, manufactured. 30 0 0 —

Sena, the lb. Shaving for Hats, See Platting. Ships to be broken up, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails), viz. Foreign Ships or Vessels, for every 100/. of the 0 13 0 0 10

Value - British Ships or Vessels entitled to be registered as such, not having been built in the United Kingdom, for every 100/. of the 50 0 0

Value - -Shrubs, See Plants. 15 0 0 —

Shumach, the cwt. -Silk, viz. 0 1 0 —

Knubs or Husks of Silk, the lb. 00 3 —

Raw Silk, the lb. 00 3 —

Thrown Silk dyed or not, the lb. Waste or Floss Silk not otherwise enumerated 0 7 6 —

or described, the lb. Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk and an}' other Material, not particularly enumerated, or otherwise charged with Duty, from and after the 5th July 1826, for every 100/. of 0 0 3

the Value - - 30 0 0 —

Silk Worm Gut, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Skates for sliding, for every 100/. of the Value Skins, Furs, Pelts, and Tails, viz. 20 0 0 ' —

Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 1 6 0 1 4

- — Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin 16 0 4* 6

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll

855

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Skins — continued.!, Bear Skins — continued. - undressed, imported from any Bri- £ 1 s. d. sS s. d.

tish Possession in America, the Skin 0 2 6 —

Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin undressed, imported from any British Possession in America, 0 0 8

the Skin Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins. CalfSkins and Kip Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, 0 0 4

dry, the cwt. 0 4 8 —

wet, the cwt. the Produce of and imported from the West Coast of Africa, each Skin, not exceeding 7 lbs. 0 2 4

Weight, the cwt. tanned and not otherwise dressed, 0 2 4 —

the lb. - 0 1 0 —

Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin - - undressed, imported from any British Possession in America, the 0 0 6

Skin ... 0 0 3 —

Coney Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 1 0 —

Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin — undressed, the Produce of, and' imported from any British Possession in America, the 100 0 0 2

Skins - 0 1 0 0 0 6

Indian half dressed, the Skin 0 0 8 —

undressed or shaved, the Skin Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or 0 0 4 —

in any way dressed, the Dozen Skins 0 0 10 —

Dog Fish Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins undressed, of British taking, and imported direct from Newfound- 0 5 2

land, the Dozen Skins Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, cur- 0 0 1 —

ried, or in any way dressed, the Skin 0 1 0 —

Ermine Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 8 0 0 7

Fisher Skins, undressed, the Skin undressed, imported from any British Possession in America, 0 1 0

the Skin 0 0 6 —

Fitch Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins 0 3 2 0 2 10

Fox Skins, undressed, the Skin ---- undressed, imported from any British Possession in America, the 0 0 8

Skin 5 I 4 0 0 4

8 56

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Skins — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Fox Skins — continued. Tails, undressed, for every 100/. of the

Value - 20 0 0 —

Goat Skins, viz.

raw or undressed, the Dozen Skins 0 2 10 —

- - tanned, the Dozen Skins 2 0 0 —

Hare Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 1 0 —

Husse Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 6 —

. Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skins 0 1 6 0 1 4

dressed, the 100 Skins 0 10 0 —

Kip Skins, See Calf Skins. Lamb Skins, viz. undressed, in the Wool, the 100

Skins - 0 1 6 —

tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins 0 10 0 —

- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins 4 0 0 —

Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 9 6 0 9 0

Lion Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 6 0 —

Martin Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 6 —

- - - undressed, imported from any British Possession in America,

the Skin 0 0 3 —

undressed, the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Com-

pany's Charter, the Skin 0 1 3 —

Tails, undressed, the 100 Tails 0 16 3 0 15 6

Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 0 4 —

- - undressed, imported from any British Possession in America,

the Skin - - 0 0 2 —

dressed, the Skin 0 2 0 —

Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins 0 0 6 0 0 5

Musquash Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins - 0 1 0 —

Nutria Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 12 6 —

Otter Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 1 6 —

undressed, imported from any British Possession in America,

the Skin - 0 1 0 —

Ounce Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 7 6 —

Panther Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 9 6 —

Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts - 0 3 0 —

dressed, the Dozen Pelts 0 6 0 —

of all other Sorts, undressed, the 100

Pelts - 0 17 0 —

i Racoon Skins, undressed, the Skin - 0 0 2 —

undressed, imported from any British

Possession in America, the Skin - 0 0 1

INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Skins — continued.

---- Sable Skins, undressed, the Skin

- - Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed, the Piece -

---- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or

in any way dressed, the Skin ..... of British taking, and imported directly from Newfoundland, the Skin .....

..... taken in any Foreign Fishery by

Persons not being British Subjects, the Skin

---- Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the

Dozen Skins -

..... tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins

..... dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins

---- Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undressed, the 100

Skins - -

..... tawed, the 100 Skins

..... Tails, undressed, for every 100/. of

the Value -

---- Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin

---- Tiger Skins, undressed, the Skin -

---- Weasel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

---- Wolf Skins, undressed, the Skin

---- undressed, imported from any British

Possession in America, the Skin

---- tawed, the Skin -

---- Wolverings, undressed, the Skin

..... undressed, imported from any

British Possession in America, the Skin -

---- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs,

raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value

---- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs,

tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value Slate, See Stone.

Slick Stones, See Stone.

Smalts, viz.

---- from the 5th January 1826 to the 6th January 1827, the lb.

---- from the 5th January 1827 to the 6th January 1828, the lb.

---- after 5th January 1828, the lb.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 8 4 0 7 6

0 1 3 0 1 1

0 0 3 —

0 0 1 —

0 1 0 —

0 1 0

2 0 0 —

4 0 0 —

0 11 6 0 10 4

0 17 6 —

20 0 0 ,

0 1 0 —

0 9 6 0 8 6

0 9 0 3

0 2 0 —

0 1 0 —

0 17 6 —

0 1 0 —

0 0 6 —

20 0 0 —

75 0 0 —

«|W 00, o O —

0 0 7^ — -

0 0 6 — *

C.lll. '

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £> s. d...

Snuff, the lb. - -Soap, viz. 0 6 0 —

— — hard, the cwt - 4 10 0

soft, the cwt. - the Produce of any British Possession in the East Indies, viz. 3 11 3

hard, the cwt. - 1 8 0 ___

soft, the cwt. ... 1 3 0

Soapers Waste, the Ton -Soda, See Alkali. 0 3 2 —

Spa Ware, for every 100/. of the Value Specimens of such Minerals, Fossils, or Ores, which are not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight 14 lbs. exceeding in Weight 14 lbs. each, for 30 0 0 Free.

every 100/. of the Value illustrative of Natural History, not otherwise enumerated or described Speckled Wood, viz. the Produce of and imported from 5 0 0 Free.

any British Possession, the Ton — of any other Place, or if otherwise 0 16 3 — .

imported, the Ton Spelter, viz. until the 6th July 1826, the cwt. - from the 5th July 1826 to the 6th July 8 14 2 0 14 0 —

1827, the cwt. - after the 5th July 1827, the cwt. 0 12 0 0 10 0 —

Spermaceti, fine, the lb. - 0 1 6 —

Spikenard, or Nardus Indica, the lb. Spirits or Strong Waters of all Sorts, viz. For every Gallon of such Spirits or Strong Waters of any Strength not exceeding the Strength of Proof by Sikes's Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater Strength than the Strength of Proof, and for any greater or less Quantity than a Gallon, viz. not being Spirits or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession in America, or any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, and not being sweetened Spirits or Spirits mixed with any Article, so that 0 2 9 0 1 10

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

859

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Spirits or Strong Waters, &c. — continued'. £ s. d. £ s. d.

the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by such Hydrometer 1 2 6

Spirits or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession in America, not being sweetened Spirits or Spirits so mixed as aforesaid 0 8 6

Spirits or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, not being sweetened Spirits or Spirits so mixed as aforesaid 1 0 0

Spirits, Cordials, or Strong Waters respectively (not being the Produce of any British Possession in America), sweetened or mixed with any Article, so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by such Hydrometer 1 10 0

---- Spirits, Cordials, or Strong Waters respectively, being the Produce of any British Possession in America, sweetened or mixed with any Article, so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by such Hydrometer 1 0 0

Foreign Liquors — Derelict, See Derelict. Sponge, the lb. - - 0 2 0 0 1 4

the Produce of any British Possession, the lb. 0 0 6

Squills, dried, the cwt. - 1 0 0 —

not dried, the cwt. - 0 5 0 —

Starch, the cwt. - 9 10 0

Stavesacre, the cwt, - 1 8 0 0 18 8

Steel, or any Manufactures of Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0

Stibium, See Antimony. Sticks, viz. Walking Sticks, See Canes. Stone, viz. Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100 3 16 0

Dog Stones not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above 6, and under 12 Inches in Thickness, the Pair - 6 3 6

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Stone — continued. Emery Stones, the cwt. - sS S. d. 0 2 0 £> s. d.

Filtering Stones, for every 100/. of the Value 50 0 0 - -

Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton Grave Stones of Marble, polished, each not containing more than 2 Feet Square, 0 2 6

the Foot Square, superficial Measure - - unpolished, the Foot Square, super- 0 2 6 —

ficial Measure -- - not of Marble, polished or unpolished, 0 0 10 —

the Foot Square, superficial Measure 0 0 6 —

Lime Stone, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Marble Blocks, the solid Foot Marble, in any way manufactured, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, each not containing more than 2 Feet Square), the 0 3 0

CWt. ---- Marble Paving Stones, polished, each not containing more than 2 Feet Square, 0 3 0

the Foot Square, superficial Measure rough, the Foot Square, superficial 0 0 10 —

Measure - Mill Stones above Feet in Diameter, if 12 0 0 6 —

Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Pair Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet 11 8 0 —

Square, superficial Measure 0 12 0 —

Pebble Stones, the Ton - - 0 13 6 —

Polishing Stones, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Pumice Stones, the Ton - - Quern Stones under 3 Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thick- 1 13 4

ness, the Pair - 3 Feet in Diameter, and not above Feet in Diameter, and not exceed- 0 8 9

ing 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair 0 17 6 —

Rag Stones, for every 100/. of the Value Slate, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, 20 0 0

for every 100/. of the Value Slates, the Produce of any other Country, not otherwise enumerated or described, 26 8 0

for every 100/. of the Value Slates in Frames, the Dozen 66 10 0 0 3 0

Slick Stones, the 100 - - 0 8 0 —

Stone, sculptured, or Mosaic Work, the cwt. Stone to be used for the Purpose of Litho- 0 2 6

graphy, the cwt. - - 0 3 0 —

Whetstones, the 100 - - 0 8 9

6° GEO. IV. C. ill.

861

. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Stone, — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Stones not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value 66 10 0

Note. — If any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament, carved out of the same Block, shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight, and no more. Storax or Styrax, viz. Calamita, the lb. - Liquida, the lb. - - in the Tear or Gum, the lb. Succades, viz. the Produce of any British Possession in America, the lb. 0 2 0 0 3 0 8 0 0 3 0 1 0 2 2 0 5 6

- the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the lb. 0 0 6

the Produce of any other Place, the lb. - Succinum, the lb. - 0 3 2 0 1 8 0 1 1

Sugar, Brown or Muscovado, or clayed, not being refined, viz. the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the cwt. - 1 17 0

the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Possession in America, the cwt. - - 1 7 0

of any other Place, the cwt. refined, the cwt. - Sugar Candy, viz. Brown, the cwt. - 3 3 0 8 8 0 5 12 0 —

White, the cwt. - - Sulphate of Quinine, See Quinine. Sulphur Impressions, for every 100/. of the Value 8 8 0 5 0 0

Vivum, See Brimstone. Sumach, See Shumack. Sweep washers Dirt, containing Bullion, See Bullion. Sweet Wood, viz. the Produce of and imported from any British Possession, the Ton - 0 16 3

of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton 10 13 0 —

INWARDS.

Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s.

0 6 0 —

0 0 8

0 3 2 —

0 0 8 —

0 0 6 —

0 0 2

1 10 0 —

0 15 0 —

0 12 0

0 0 5 —

0 10 0 —

0 1 3 —

0 1 0 —

1 0 0 —

3 4 0 - .

30 0 0 —

0 3 0

1 11 8 —

0 12 0 —

0 16 0 —

0 15 0 —

0 15 0 —

0 15 0 —

0 4 0 —

0 18 0 —

25 0 0 —

T.

Tails, viz.

---- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Tails, the 100

---- Fox Tails,

---- Martin Tails,

---- Sable Tails,

Squirrel or Calabar Tails,

t ±

j

See Skins.

Talc, the lb.

Tallow, the cwt.

Tamarinds, the lb.

---- the Produce of any British Possession

wdthinthe Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the lb.

— the Produce of any British Possession in America, or on the West Coast of Africa, the lb. -Tapioca or Tapioca Powder, the cwt.

Tar, viz.

---- the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel

not exceeding 31^ Gallons

---- the Produce of any British

Last containing 12 Barrels, exceeding 31^ Gallons

Possession, the each Barrel not

Barbadoes Tar, the lb.

Tares the Quarter Tarras, the Bushel -

Tea, — subject only to the Duty of Excise.

Teasles, the 1,000 - -

Teeth, viz.

---- Elephants Teeth, the cwt.

---- Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the

cwt. -

Telescopes, for every 100/. of the Value Terra, viz.

---- Japonica or Catechu, the cwt.

---- Sienna, the cwt.

---- Umbra, the cwt.

---- Verde, the cwt.

Thread, viz.

---- Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs.

---- Cotton Thread, See Cotton Manufactures.

---- Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.

---- Pack Thread, the cwt.

---- Sisters Thread, the lb.

---- Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every 100/. of the Value

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

863

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback. 1

£ s. d. £ S. d.

Tiles of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value 50 0 0 —

Tin, the cwt. ---- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated 2 10 0 —

or described, for every 100/. of the Value Tincal, See Borax. 20 0 0 —

Tin Foil, for every 100/. of the Value Tobacco, viz. of the Growth or Produce of the United States of America, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, unmanufactured, 25 0 0

the lb. of the Growth or Produce of any British Possession in America, unmanufactured, 0 0 "

the lb. - of the Growth or Produce of any other 0 3 9 —

Place, unmanufactured, the lb. manufactured, or Segars, the lb. manufactured in the United Kingdom, at or within Two Miles of any Port into which Tobacco may be imported, made into Shag, Roll, or Carrot Tobacco, the lb. 0 6 0 0 18 0 0 3 6

Tobacco Pipes, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Tongues, the Dozen - - 0 3 0 —

Tooth Powder, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Tornsal or Turnsole, the cwt. - 0 5 0

Tortoise Shell, unmanufactured, the lb. the Produce of any British Possession in America, or on the West Coast of 0 2 0

Africa, the lb. 0 1 0

Touch Stones, for every 100/. of the Value Tow, See Flax. 20 0 0 —

Toys, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 .

Treacle of Venice, the lb. -Trees, See Plants. 0 3 6 —

Truffles, the lb. 0 2 6 ___

Turbith, the lb. 0 2 6 0 18

Turmerick, the lb. - the Produce of any British Possession in America, or on the West Coast of Africa, 0 0 3

the lb. - Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 0 2 —

for every 100/. of the Value - -Turnsole, See Tornsal. 30 0 0 —

C.lll

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Turpentine, viz. not being of greater Value than 12s. £ $. d. s. d.

the cwt. thereof, the cwt. being of greater Value than 12s. the 0 4 —

cwt. thereof, the cwt. of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis. 1 6 2 0 0 10 0 0 6

Twine, the cwt. - V. 1 11 0

Valonia, the cwt. - - 0 1 6

Vanelloes, the lb. Varnish, not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 16 8 —

for every 100/. of the Value - -Vases, viz. ancient, not of Stone or Marble, for every 30 0 0

100/. of the Value - 5 0 0 —

Vellum, the Skin - 0 7 2 —

Verdegris of all Sorts, the lb. - - 0 2 0 —

Verjuice, the Tun 73 12 9 —

Vermicelli, the lb. - 0 0 8 —

Vermillion, the lb. -Vetches, See Tares. 0 1 0 —

Vinegar, or Acetous Acid, the Tun Vinelloes, See Vanelloes. W. 18 18 0

Wafers, the lb. - - 0 1 3 .

Washing Balls, the lb. - -Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every 0 1 8 —

100/. of the Value - 25 0 0 —

Watch Glasses, for every 100/. of the Value 20 0 0 —

and further, for every cwt. Water, viz. Arquebusade, Citron, j Cordial, V See Spirits. Hungary, 1 Lavender, J Cologne Water, the Flask, Thirty of such Flasks containing not more than One 4 0 0

Gallon ... Mineral or Natural Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask 0 10

not exceeding Three Pints Strong Water, Sec Spirits. 0 0

J

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

865

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wax, viz. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. the Produce of and imported from 3 6 6 .

any British Possession, the cwt. White, or manufactured, the 2 6 6 —

cwt. - 6 3 6 —

Myrtle Wax, the lb. 0 1 0 —

— - — Sealing Wax, for every 100/. of the Value 30 0 0 —

Weld, the cwt. -Whale Fins, viz. taken and caught by the Crew of a British Ship, and imported direct from the Fishery, or from any British 0 1 0

Possession, in a British Ship, the Ton 1 0 0 —

of Foreign Fishing, the Ton Wheat, the Produce of any British Possession in North America, and imported directly from 95 0 0

thence, the Quarter - 0 5 0 —

Whipcord, the lb. -Wine, viz. the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported directly from thence, until the 6th of January 1330, the Gal- 0 1 0

lon - 0 2 5 0 2 5

after the 5th of January 1830, the Gallon 0 3 0 0 3 0

French Wine, the Gallon all Wine, not otherwise enumerated or de- 0 7 3 0 7 3

scribed, the Gallon Wine Lees, subject to the same Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on the Lees of Wine exported. Wire, viz. Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated 0 10 0 10

or described, the cwt. 2 10 0 —

Gilt or Plated, for every 100/. of the Value - Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, 25 0 0 —

the cwt. - - 1 0 0 —

Latten, the cwt. - 1 0 0 —

Silver, for evei^ 100/. of the Value 25 0 0 —

Steel, the lb. - 0 1 10 —

Woad, the cwt. -Wood, viz. Anchor Stocks, the Piece of the Growth and Production of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, 0 3 0 0 8 4 —

the Piece -6 Geo. IV. 3 K 0 0 10

<r w to

INWARDS.

Wood — continued.

---- Balks, viz.

---- under 5 Inches Square and under 24

Feet in Length, the 120

- - under 5 Inches Square, and 24 Feet

in Length or upwards, the 120 -

---- 5 Inches Square or upwards are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

---- Balks of the Growth and Produce of any

British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

---- under 5 Inches Square, and under 24

Feet in Length, the 120

---- under 5 Inches Square, and 24 Feet

in Length or upwards, the 120 -

---- 5 Inches Square or upwards are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

---- Battens, imported into Great Britain, viz.

- - 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

16 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not above 2J Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

---- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding 21 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120

- - exceeding 21 Feet in Length, not

above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2| Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

---- Battens of the Growth and Produce of any

British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, viz.

---- 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

16 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f- Inches in Thickness, the 120

- - exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding 21 Feet in Length, and not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120

---- exceeding 21 Feet in Length, not

above 7 Inches in Width, or if)

Duty.

£ S '

18 2 27 0

3 5

4 17

10 0

11 10

20 0

1 0

1 3

Drawback.

d.

£ s. d.

7

0

0

6

0

0

0

0

0

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

867

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Battens, &c. — continued. exceeding 2j Inches in Thickness, £ s. d. s. d.

the 120 Battens imported into Ireland, viz. 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3J Inches in Thickness, 2 0 0

the 120 - exceeding 12 feet in Length, and not exceeding 14 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3) Inches in Thick- 8 6 3

ness, the 120 - exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding Inches in Thick- 9 14 0

ness, the 120 ---- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 18 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3 J Inches in Thick- 11 1 8

ness, the 120 ---- exceeding 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 3\ Inches in Thickness, 12 9 4

the 120 exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3j Inches in Thick- 13 17 2

ness, the 120 Batten Ends, imported into Great Britain, viz. under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, 34 6 1

the 120 under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2j Inches in Thickness, the 3 0 0

120 ... Batten Ends of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, viz. under 6 Feet in Length, not above 3 K 2 6 0 0

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Batten Ends, &c. — continued. 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120 ... 0 7 6

under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120 a Or O

Batten Ends, imported into Ireland, viz. under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 4 14 5

under 8 Feet in Length, if exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 9 3 1

Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 8 3

Beech Plank, 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet - 2 8 9

of all Sorts, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the 120 0 8 4

Beech Quarters, viz. under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, the 120 4 10 8

5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 - 12 3 6

of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 16 3

Beech Boards, viz, under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, the 120 - 4 9 6

under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 8 19 0 —

6° GEO. IV. C. III.

869

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Boards — continued. Clap Boards, viz. not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 <£ S. d. dt s. d.

Inches Square, the 120 of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported di- 6 2 0

rectly from thence, the 120 - Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz. under Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thick- 0 12 4

ness, the 120 - - Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness or upwards, 6 16 6

the 120 - - Oak Boards, viz. under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in 13 13 0

Length, the 120 - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length, or 18 1 0

upwards, the 120 - - Outside Slabs, or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not above 36. 2 0

1^ Inch in Thickness, the 120 - Outside Slabs, or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not above 1^ Inch in Thickness, the 2 0 0

120 - - Outside Slabs, or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding 12 Feet in Length, or exceeding 1^ Inch in Thickness, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Deals. Outside Slabs or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, of the Growth, and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not above 1- O o

Inch in Thickness, the 120 J 3 K 3 o o ' —

C.lll.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

I Wood — continued. £ S. d. £ s. d.

Boards — continued. Outside Slabs, &c. — continued. exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not above 1^ Inch in Thickness, the 120 - 0 10 0

exceeding 12 Feet in Length, or exceeding l£ Inch in Thickness, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Deals. Pipe Boards, viz. - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120 9 3 0

exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120 18 6 0

- - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - - 0 19 6

Wainscot Boards, viz. the Foot, containing 12 Feet in Length, and 1 Inch in Thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness - o o

Boards of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - o 00

Bowsprits, See Masts. Deals, to be used in Mines, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1^ Inch in Thickness, the 120 8 2 6

Deals, imported into Great Britain, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length, and not above 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3| Inches in Thickness, the 120 - 19 0 0

17

C.lll.

871

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. — — Deals imported into Great Britain — continued. - above 7 Inches in Width, above 16 Feet in Length and not above 21 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3\ Inches £ s. d. £ s. d.

in Thickness, the 120 above 7 Inches in Width, above 21 Feet in Length and not above 45 Feet in Length, and not above 3\ Inches in 22 0 0

Thickness, the 120 - above 45 Feet in Length, or above 3\ Inches in Thickness (not being Timber 8 Inches Square or upwards) the o o TT1

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet 2 10 0

and further, the 120 — Deals of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, viz. - above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length and not above 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3| Inches 6 0 0

in Thickness, the 120 above 7 Inches in Width, above 16 Feet in Length and not above 21 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches 2 0 0

in Thickness, the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length and not above 21 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3^ Inches in 2 10 0

Thickness, the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 4 4 0 0

Inches in Thickness, the 120 above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in Length and exceeding Inches in Thickness (not being Timber 5 0 0

8 Inches Square, or upwards) the 120 Deals, imported into Ireland, viz. - above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3\ Inches in Thickness, viz. 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 10 0 0

Feet in Length, the 120 exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not 12 9 5 —

exceeding 14 Feet in Length, the 120 exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and not 14 11 0 —

exceeding 16 Feet in Length, the 120 3 K 4 16 12 6 —

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Deals imported into Ireland — continued, exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding IS Feet in Length, the 120 18 14 1

exceeding 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, the 120 20 15 7

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and exceeding 3g: Inches in Thickness, viz. - 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, the 120 41 11 3

above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, and exceeding 20 Feet in Length, the 120 51 9 2

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and exceeding Inches in Thickness, and exceeding 20 Feet in Length, the 120 100 6 1

Deal Ends imported into Great Britain, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3qp Inches in Thickness, the 120 6 0 0

above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 12 0 0

Deal Ends of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 0 15 0

above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3£ Inches in Thickness, the 120 1 10 0

Deal Ends, imported into Ireland, viz. above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and under 8 Feet in Length, viz. not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 7 1 8

exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120 - 13 14 8 —

Deals and Deal Ends, viz. of all Sorts, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly j from thence into Ireland, the 120 0 8 3

INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood — continued.

---- Deals and Deal Ends — continued.

---- And further, on all Deals and Deal

Ends imported into Ireland of the aforesaid Lengths and Thicknesses, but of the following Widths, the additional Duties following, viz.

---- If exceeding 12 Inches in

Width, and not exceeding 15 Inches in Width, Twenty-five per Cent, or One-fourth of the aforesaid Rates.

---- If exceeding 15 Inches in

Width, and not exceeding 18 Inches in Width, Fifty per Cent, or One Half of the aforesaid Rates.

..... - If exceeding 18 Inches in

Width, and not exceeding 21 Inches in Width, Seventy-five per Cent, or Three-fourths of the aforesaid Rates.

..... If exceeding 21 Inches in

Width, One hundred per Cent, or an additional Duty, equal to the aforesaid Rates respectively.

---- Firewood, not fit or proper to be used other

than as such, viz.

- - the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet

high - -

---- of the Growth and Produce of any

British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high.

---- Fir Quarters, viz.

---- under 5 Inches Square, and under

24 Feet in Length, the 120

- - under 5 Inches Square, and 24 Feet

in Length, or upwards, the 120

- - 5 Inches Square or upwards are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

0 19 0

0 0 10

18 2 7

27 0 0

Fir Quarters, of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in Ame-

Drawback.

£ s. d.

C.lll.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback,

Wood — continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Fir Quarters — continued. rica, and imported directly from thence, viz. under 5 Inches Square, and under 24? Feet in Length, the 120 3 5 0

- - under 5 Inches Square, and 24* Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 - - 4 17 6

- - 5 Inches Square, or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. Fir Timber, See Timber. Handspikes, viz. under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 2 0 0

7 Feet in Length, or upwards, the 120 4 0 0

Handspikes of the Growth and Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 0 2 6

- - 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 0 5 0 ,

Knees of Oak, viz. - - under 5 Inches Square, the 120 0 10 0 .

- - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120 4 0 0

- - 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet - 1 6 0

— Knees of Oak, of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - under 5 Inches Square, the 120 0 2 0

- - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120 0 15 0

- - 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - 0 5 0

— Lathwood, viz. - - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high 4 5 0

- - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length and under 8 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high 6 16 0

- - 8 Feet in Length, and under 12 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high 10 0

- -. 12 Feet long or upwards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high 13 12 0 —

6° GEO. IV.

C.lll.

875

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Lathwood of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - in Pieces, under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 £ S. d. £ s. d.

Feet high -- - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide 0 15 0

and 6 Feet high Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz. - - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 1 5 0

Inches, each - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 0 8 0 —

Inches, each 12 Inches in Diameter or upwards, 1 2 0 —

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 2 15 0

Inches, each - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 0 1 6 —

Inches, each - - 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, 0 0 —

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Oak Plank, viz. 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, 0 10 0

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Oak Plant, of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, o o

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Oak Timber, See Timber. Oars, the 120 - of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported di- 0 15 0 14 19 3 —

rectly from thence, the 120 Spars, viz. under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive 0 19 6

of the Bark, the 120 - - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, ex- o CO CM —

clusive of the Bark, the 120 - - Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of 4 5 0 "

the Bark, the 120 9 0 0 —

876

C. 111.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Spars — continued. - - of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the £ s. d. £ s. d.

120 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, 0 9 0

the 120 4- Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 0 16 0

120 Spokes for Wheels, viz. not exceeding 2 Feet in Length, the 1 15 0

1,000 - exceeding 2 Feet in Length, the 3 7 4 —

1,000 of all Sorts of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the 6 14 8

1,000 - Staves, viz. not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in 0 6 4

Breadth, the 120 - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in 1 3 0

Breadth, the 120 - - " - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in 2 6 0

Breadth, the 120 above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in 3 0 0

Breadth, the 120 - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not 4 0 I

INWARDS,

Duty.

Wood — continued,

__________Staves — continued.

exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

£ s.

the 120

4 16

- - above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly-

- - above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly.

Staves, being the Growth of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth of East or West Florida, and imported directly from thence respectively, not exceeding l± Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One-third Part only of the Duties hereinbefore imposed on Staves.

Staves, being the Growth of and imported directly from the Ionian Islands, shall be charged at the same Rate of Duty as Staves of the Growth of the United States of America, when imported directly from thence.

Staves of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

---- not exceeding 36 Inches in Length,

not above 3| Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120

- - above 36 Inches in Length, and not

exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3^ Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120

- - above 50 Inches in Length, and not

exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3^ Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120

---- above 60 Inches in Length, and not

exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3^ Inches in Thick-

0 2

0 4

0 6

Drawback.

d.

£ s. d:

0

0

0

0

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Staves, &c. — continued. ness, and not exceeding 7 Inches £ s. d. £ s. d.

in Breadth, the 120 - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 2>\ Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, 0 8 0

the 120 - not exceeding 1± Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One-third Part of the Duty herein proposed on such Staves. - - above Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly. - - above 3^ Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly. Teake Wood, the Load containing 50 0 10 0

Cubic Feet - of the Growth of any British Possession in Africa, the Load, contain- 1 10 0

ing 50 Cubic Feet Timber, viz. - - Fir Timber, 8 Inches square or upwards, - - the Load, containing 50 Cubic 0 10 0

Feet - Fir Timber, of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load 2 15 0

containing 50 Cubic Feet Oak Timber, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 0 10 0

Cubic Feet - Oak Timber, of the Growth of any British Possession in America, imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the 2 15 0

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards, 0 10 0

6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

879

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — continued. Timber — continued. the Load containing 50 Cubic <£ s. d. £ s. d.

Feet - Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic 1 8 0

Feet - Ufers, viz. under 5 Inches square, and under 24 0 5 0

Feet in Length, the 120 - under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or upwards, the 18 2 7 -

120 - 5 Inches square, or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. ---- Ufers of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length, 27 0 0

the 120 under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or up- 2 5 0

wards, the 120 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. Wainscot Logs, viz. 8 Inches square or upwards, the 4 17 6

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Wainscot Logs of the Growth of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence, the Load containing 2 15 0

50 Cubic Feet - any British Possession in America, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for 0 12 0

every 100/. of the Value Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, and on which 5 0 0

880

C.lll.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood — conti?ined. £ s. d. £ s. d.

the Duties due on the Importation are payable according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, for every 100/. of the Value - 5 0 0

unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value - 20 0 0

Teake Wood, or other Wood fit for Shipbuilding, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Growth of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Free.

Wool, viz. Beaver Wool, the lb. - 0 1 7

cut and combed, the lb. 0 9 —

Bison or Buffalo Wool, the Produce of, and imported directly from any British Possession, the lb. 0 0 4

of any other Place, or if otherwise imported, the lb. 0 0 6

Carmenia Wool, the lb. 0 0 1 —

Coney Wool, the lb. - 0 0 2 —

Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, viz, the Produce of any British Possession in America, and imported directly from thence - Free.

- the Produce of any British Possession in America, not being imported di-rectty from thence, and Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, for every 100/. of the Value 6 0 0

Goat's Wool, or Hair, the lb. 0 0 1 —

the Produce of, and imported from any British Possession - Free.

Hare's Wool, the lb. 0 0 2 —

Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool. Ostrich Wool, the lb. 0 0 6 ,

Polonia Wool, the lb. ... 0 0 6 —

Red Wool, the lb. 0 0 6 —

Sheep or Lamb's Wool, viz, the Produce of, and imported from any British Possession - Free,

6° GEO. XV.

C.lli.

881

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wool — continued. Sheep or Lamb's Wool — continued. the Produce of, or imported from any other Place, viz. not being of the Value of £ s. d. £ s. d.

1.9. the lb. thereof, the lb. being of the Value of Is. the lb. or upwards, the 0 0 0i

lb. Woollens, viz. Manufactures of Wool not being Goat's Wool, or of Wool mixed with Cotton, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise 0 0 1

charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value Wreck, See Derelict. 15 0 0

Y.

Yarn, m'z.

— — Cable Yarn, the cwt.

---- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

---- Grogram Yarn, the lb.

---- Raw Linen Yarn, the cwt.

---- Worsted Yarn, being of Two or more Threads,

twisted or thrown, the lb.

Z.

0 10 9 0 0 3

0 0 6 0 1 0

0 0 6

Zaffre, the lb. Zedoaria, the lb.

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 3

0 0 10

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland, for every 100/. of the Value - -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not

20

0 0

6 Geo. IV. 3 L

882

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland, for every £ s. d. £ 8. d.

100/. of the Value - - Note. — All Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Mauritius, are subject to the same Duties as are imposed in this Table on the like Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the British Possessions in the West Indies. All Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Cape of Good Hope or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, are subject to the same 10 0 0

Duties as are imposed in this Table on the like Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the British Possessions within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, except when any other Duty is expressly

imposed thereon. 1

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV

G.lll;

S83 '

TABLE of DUTIES OUTWARDS.

A Table of Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts.

OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Coals and Cinders usually sold by Measure, viz.

---- exported to the Isle of Man, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure -

---- exported to any British Possession, the Chaldron, Imperial

Measure -

---- exported to any other Place, viz.

- - - in a British Ship, the Chaldron, Newcastle Measure ---- in a Ship not British, the Chaldron, Newcastle Measure - -

Coals and Cinders usually sold by Weight, viz.

---- exported to the Isle of Man, the Ton -

— — - — exported to any British Possession, the Ton

---- exported to any other Place, viz.

---- in a British Ship, the Ton -

- - - in a Ship not British, the Ton

Any Coals which shall have been screened through a Riddle or Screen, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three-eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, shall, on Exportation from any Part of Great Britain, be subject and liable to such and the like Duties, and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts.

Culm, viz.

---- exported to the Isle of Man, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure - -- -- --

---- exported to any British Possession, the Chaldron, Imperial

Measure ---- exported to any other Place, viz.

- - - in a British Ship, the Chaldron, Newcastle Mea-

sure - -

---- in a Ship not British, the Chaldron, Newcastle

Measure - -

Skins, viz.

---- Coney Skins, the 100 Skins -

— — - Hare Skins, the 100 Skins - -

..... ' ' 3 L 2

£ s. d.

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 17. 0

1 10 8

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 5 9

0 10 0

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 6 0 8 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

884 C.lll. 6 GEO. IV.

OUTWARDS.

Wool, viz.

---- of Hares and of Conies, the lb.

---- of Sheep or Lambs, viz.

- - not being of the Value of Is. the lb. thereof, the lb.

---- being of the Value of Is. the lb. or upwards, the lb.

Woollen Manufactures, viz.

---- Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, Worsted, Wool-

flacks, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, slightly wrought up or put together, so as that the same may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again, Mattresses or Beds stuffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing or carding, the lb. - The following Duty is also payable on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United Kingdom exported from thence, whether subject to other Export Duty or not, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United Kingdom (except as herein-after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, for every 100/. of the true and real Value thereof -

Bullion. Except

Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Biscuit, Bran, Grits, Pearl Barley, and Scotch Barley.

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures.

Fish.

Linen, or Linen with Cotton mixed.

Melasses.

Military Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments, exported under the Authority of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and sent to any of His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad.

Military Stores exported to India by the East India Company.

Salt.

Sugar, refined, of all Sorts, and Sugar Candy.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported to the Isle of Man by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs are or may be authorized and empowered to grant.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing, or Implements or Materials necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported direct to the said Colonies, Islands, or Plantations.

Wool.

Woollen Goods, or Woollen and Cotton mixed, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

A.D. 1825.

Duty.

£ s. d.

0 0 1

0 0 01

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 10 0

6 GEO. IV. C. III.

885

A TABLE of DUTIES COASTWISE.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or sent Coastwise from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within the United Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed upon the Exportation thereof.

COASTWISE.

Duty.

£ s.

Drawback.

d.

£ s. d.

Coals, Culm, and Cinders, except Charcoal made of Wood, viz.

Coals, except Small Coals otherwise charged with Duty, viz,

---- brought Coastwise from any Port or Place

in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales,

---- in case they be such as are most usually

sold by Weight, the Ton

---- in case they be such as are most usually

sold by Measure, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure -

---- brought Coastwise from any Port of the

United Kingdom into any Port in Ireland, the Ton ---- and further, if brought into the Harbour of Dublin, the Ton

0 4< 0

0 6 0

0 1 7i

0 0 11

0 58

0 5 6

Culm, viz.

---- to be used for burning Lime, sent from any

Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure -

---- not having been so sent or charged with

Duty, brought Coastwise from any Port in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure -Cinders, viz.

---- made of Pit Coal, brought Coastwise from

any Port in the United Kingdom into any Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron, Imperial Measure -

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 6 0

0 0 6

3 L 3

886

COASTWISE. Duty. Drawback.

Coals, Culm, and Cinders, viz. brought by the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals, nearer to London than the Stone or Post at or near the North-east Point in Grove Park, in the County of Hertford, or brought down the River s£ s. d. £ s. d.

Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, the -

Ton ---- and a further Duty of Is. 3d. the Ton payable to the proper Officer of Customs, in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to the Corporation of London upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders imported into the Port of London, to he paid over to the said Corporation at the End of every Quarter. Coals, viz. shipped to be carried Coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port in the United Kingdom, the Chal- 0 1 0

dron, Imperial Measure Small Coals which have been screened through a Screeri*or Riddle, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three-eighths of an Inch asunder, or such Coals mixed with Ashes, shipped to be sent Coastwise from the Ports of Newcastle or Sunderland, to any Port in Eng- 0 0 6

land or Wales, the Chaldron, Imperial

Measure - not subject to the Duty imposed upon Coals brought Coastwise. Coals and Culm carried from Ellenfoot to Bank End, in the County of Cumberland, or from any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bank End aforesaid, provided Bond be entered into, with a general Condition for the due landing of such Coals within the said Limits; — Coals and Culm carried on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads connected therewith, and after- 0 1 0

wards carried from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the Islands called The

Homes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn; also to the East-

COASTWISE. Duty. Drawback.

Coals, &c. — continued. sS s. d. £ S. d.

ward of The Homes, without passing to the Westward of the said Islands, except in going to the Port of Bridgewater, and without touching at any Place to the Westward of the said Islands; — Coals Culm, and Cinders carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Port or Place within the Hundred of Lonsdale, in the County of Lancaster, into the Ulver-stone Canal, across or along the Bay or Estuary separating the Two Canals; — Coals, Culm, Cinders, or Coked Coals, burnt from Pit Coal on which the proper Duties shall have been paid, being again brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in England or Wales Duty free.

Slates, brought Coastwise from one Port to another Port in Great Britain, viz. delivered by Tale, viz. Doubles, not exceeding 13 Inches in Length, or 7 Inches in Breadth, the 1,000 0 6 0

Ladies, exceeding 13 Inches in Length and 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 16 Inches in Length, and 8 Inches in Breadth, the 1,000 0 13 0

Countesses, exceeding 16 Inches in Length and 8 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 20 Inches in Length and 10 Inches in Breadth, the 1,000 - - 1 2 6

- - Duchesses, exceeding 20 Inches in Length and 10 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 24 Inches in Length and 12 Inches in Breadth, the 1,000 1 15 6

delivered by Weight, mz. Queen or Size Rag Slates, the Ton 0 13 0

Imperial or Milled Slates, the Ton 0 15 6

Slab Slates, the Ton 0 13 0 —

Block Slates, the Ton 0 14 6 — .

Westmorland Rag Slates, the Ton 0 14 6 —

- - Slate or Slates not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100£. of the Value thereof 25 0 0 —

3 L 4

888

C. 112.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

c. 105. ante,

51-

[Commencement of Act.]

Treasury to appoint warehousing Ports.

Commissioners of Customs to appoint "Warehouses; and require Bond.

Warehouse of special Security,

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for the warehousing of Goods.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Lavos relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws ' of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great c Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed ' through a long Series of Years, and that it is therefore highly expedient for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all ' Persons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be c repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from time ' to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act all the Laws relating to the warehousing of Goods will be repealed,

and it is expedient to make Regulations for the lodging and securing in Warehouses or other Places of such Goods as may be imported into the United Kingdom to be so lodged and secured after such Repeal shall have Effect; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for the warehousing of Goods imported into the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty upon the First Entry thereof, or notwithstanding that such Goods may be prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom to be used therein.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by their Warrant from time to time to appoint the Ports in the United Kingdom which shall be warehousing Ports for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, subject to the Authority and Directions of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by their Order from time to time to appoint in what Warehouses or Places of special Security or of ordinary Security, as the Case may require, in such Ports, and in what different Parts or Divisions of such Warehouses or Places, and in what Manner any Goods and what Sorts of Goods, may and may only be warehoused and kept and secured without Pajmient of any Duty upon the First Entry thereof, or for Exportation only, in Cases wherein the same may be prohibited to be imported for Home Use; and also in such Order to direct in what Cases (if any) Security by Bond, in Manner hereinafter provided, shall be required in respect of any Warehouse so appointed by them.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Warehouse shall have been approved of by the said Commissioners, as being

a Ware-

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112.

889

a Warehouse of special Security, it shall be stated, in their Order of Appointment, that such Warehouse is appointed as a Warehouse of special Security: Provided always, that all Warehouses connected with Wharfs for the landing of the Goods to be lodged therein, and enclosed together with such Wharfs within Walls, such as are or shall be required by any Act for the constructing of such Warehouses and Wharfs, and being appointed to be legal Quays, shall without any Order of the Commissioners of the Customs be Warehouses for the Purposes of this Act, for all Goods landed at such Wharfs or Quays at any Port appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to be a warehousing Port as aforesaid, and all such Warehouses shall be Warehouses of special Security.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Appointments of Warehouses for the warehousing of Goods made under the Authority of any other Act in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall continue in force, as if the same had been made under the Authority of this Act, and all Bonds given in respect of any Goods warehoused or entered to be warehoused under any Act in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall continue in force for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall, out of the Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, provide from time to time the Warehouses for the warehousing of Tobacco at the Ports into which Tobacco may be legally imported: Provided always, that for every Hogshead, Chest or Case of Tobacco so warehoused, the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall pay as and for Warehouse Rent such Sum or Sums not exceeding any Sum payable under any Act in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, and at such Periods and in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time by their Warrant appoint and direct, and all such Sums shall be paid, received and appropriated as Duties of Customs.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury by their Warrant, and for the said Commissioners of the Customs by their Order, from time to time to revoke any former Warrant or any former Order, or to make any Alteration in or Addition to any former Warrant or any former Order, made by them as aforesaid respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Order made by the said Commissioners of the Customs in re$pect of Warehouses of special Security, as well those of original Appointment, as those of Revocation, Alteration or Addition, shall be published in the London Gazette, for such as shall be appointed in Great Britain, and in the Dublin Gazette, for such as shall be appointed in Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods shall be entered to be warehoused in any Warehouse, in respect of which Security by Bond shall be required as aforesaid, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Warehouse, if he be willing, shall give general Security by Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties, for the Payment of the full Duties of Importation on all such Goods

as

Such described.

Bonds given in respect of Goods warehoused to continue in force.

Commissioners to provide "Warehouses for Tobacco.

Rent paid by Importer or Proprietor.

Power to revoke or alter Appointment.

Orders of Commissioners published in Gazette.

Warehouse Keeper may give general Bond, if willing;

C. 112.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

or Importer give particular Bond.

Sale of Goods in Warehouse by Proprietor valid, although they remain in Warehouse.

Transfer of such Goods entered in a Book.

Easy Access to such Goods.

Penalty.

Taking out without Entry.

Penalty.

Goods con -

corded, &c.

forfeited.

Opening

Warehouse

without Officer.

Penalty.

Examination on Entry and Landing.

Marking

Package.

as shall at any Time be warehoused therein, or for the due Exportation thereof; and if such Proprietor or Occupier be not' willing to give such general Security, the different Importers of the separate Quantities of Goods shall, upon each Importation, give such Security in respect of the particular Goods imported by them respectively, before such Goods shall be entered to be warehoused.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods lodged in any Warehouse shall be the Property of the Occupier of such Warehouse, and shall be bona fide sold by him, and upon such Sale there shall have been a written Agreement signed by the Parties, or a written Contract of Sale made, executed and delivered by a Broker or other Person legally authorized for or on behalf of the Parties respectively, and the Amount of the Price stipulated in the said Agreement or Contract shall have been actually paid or secured to be paid by the Purchaser, every such Sale shall be valid, although such Goods shall remain in such Warehouse, provided that a Transfer of such Goods, according to such Sale, shall have been entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Officer of the Customs having the Charge of such Warehouse, who is hereby required to keep such Book, and to enter such Transfers with the Dates thereof, upon Application of the Owners of the Goods, and to produce such Book upon Demand made.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Goods warehoused shall be stowed in such Manner ?*s that easy Access may be had to every Package or Parcel of the same; and if the Occupier of the Warehouse shall omit so to stow the same, he shall for every such Omission forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Goods shall be taken out of any Warehouse without due Entry of the same with the proper Officers of the Customs, the Occupier of the Warehouse shall be liable to the Payment of the Duties due thereon.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods warehoused shall be fraudulently concealed in or removed from the Warehouse, the same shall be forfeited; and if any Importer or Proprietor of any Goods warehoused, or any Person in his Empkty, shall, by any Contrivance, fraudulently open the Warehouse or gain Access to the Goods, except in the Presence of the proper Officer acting in the Execution of his Duty, such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That within One Month after any Tobacco shall have been warehoused, and upon the Entry and Landing of any other Goods to be warehoused, the proper Officer of the Customs shall take a particular Account of the same, and shall mark the Contents on each Package, and shall mark the Word " Prohibited" on such Packages as contain Goods prohibited to be imported for Home use; and that all Goods shall be warehoused and kept in the Packages in which they shall have been imported, and no Alteration shall be made in the Packages or the packing of any Goods in the Warehouse, except in the Cases hereinafter provided.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112. 891

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods entered to be Goods to he

warehoused, or to be re-warehoused, shall be carried to the carried to Ware-Warehouse under the Care or with the Authority or Permission

of the proper Officer of the Customs, and in such Manner, and of Rcers of

by such Persons, and by such Roads or Ways, and within such Customs, &c. Spaces of Time, as the proper Officer of the Customs shall authorize, permit or direct; and all such Goods not so carried shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods which have Goods to be been so warehoused shall be duly cleared, either for Exportation cleared in Three or for Home Use, within Three Years, and all surplus Stores of Years> Ships Ships within One Year from the Day of the First Entry thereof in °ne (unless further Time be given by the Commissioners of His Ma- ? jesty's Treasury); and if any such Goods be not so cleared, it if not cleared shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to be sold or to cause the same to be sold, and the Produce shall be applied destroyed.

to the Payment of Warehouse Rent and other Charges, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Proprietor; and such Goods, when sold, shall be held subject to all the Conditions to which they were subject previous to such Sale, except that a Purchaser further Time of Three Months from the Date of the Sale shall *IlieG

be allowed to the Purchaser for the clearing of such Goods from ont the Warehouse; and if the Goods so sold shall not be duly cleared from the Warehouse within such Three Months, the same shall be forfeited: Provided always, that if the Goods so to be disposed E.I.C. Goods of shall have been imported by the East India Company, or shall and " Piece be of the Description called " Piece Goods/' imported from Places G1°°^8"to within the Limits of their Charter into the Port of London, the s° same shall, at the Requisition of the Commissioners of Customs, be duly exposed to Sale by the said Company at their next ensuing Sale, and shall be then sold for the highest Price which shall be then publicly offered for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods entered to Proviso for be warehoused, or entered to be delivered from the Warehouse, Accidents m shall be lost or destroyed by any unavoidable Accident, either on ^J^VlGood-lUP- Shipboard or in the landing or shipping of the same, or in the re- l>in° °Df eeiving into or delivering from the Warehouse, it shall be lawful

for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to remit or return the Duties payable or paid on the Quantity of such Goods so lost or destroyed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods which have Entry for Ex-been so warehoused shall be taken or delivered from the Ware- poriation or house, except upon due Entry, and under Care of the proper Home Uae-Officers for Exportation, or upon due Entry and Payment of the

full Duties payable thereon for Home Use, if they be such Goods as may be used in the United Kingdom.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Rum of Rum for Stoics, the British Plantations may be delivered into the Charge of the and surplus Searcher, to be shipped as Stores for any Ship without Entry or ^toieb/1ma*v'be Payment of any Duty, and any surplus Stores of any Ship may Kmrv! &c!

be delivered into the Charge of the Searcher to be reshipped as bornJ on Vic. Stores for the same Ship, or for the same Master in another Ship, mailing Rill; without Entry or Payment of any Duty, such Ruin and such surplus Stores being duly borne upon the Victualling Bill of such

Ships

C. 112.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

or entered for private Use.

Duties to be paid on original Quantities;

if for Exportation or Removal, Duties on Deficiencies to be paid;

How Value ascertained.

If Importer enter Goods, they may be delivered although not actually

warehoused.

Goods may be removed to other Ports to be re-warehoused;

and on Notice Officers to prepare for Removal, under Seals of Office.

Ships respectively; and if the Ship, for the future Use of which any surplus Stores have been warehoused, shall have been broken up or sold, such Stores may be so delivered for the Use of any other Ship belonging to the same Owners, or may be entered for Payment of Duty, and delivered for the private Use of such Owners, or any of them, or of the Master or Purser of such Ship.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry of any such Goods to be cleared from the Warehouse, if the same be for Home Use, the Person entering such Goods inwards shall deliver a Bill of the Entry and Duplicates thereof in like Manner as is directed by Law in the Case of Goods entered to be landed, as far as the same is applicable, and at the same Time shall pay down to the proper Officer of the Customs the full Duties of Customs payable thereon, and not being less in Amount than according to the Account of the Quantity first taken of the respective Packages or Parcels of the Goods in such Entry at the Examination thereof at the Time of the first Entry and Landing of the same, without any Abatement on account of any Deficiency, except as by this Act is otherwise provided; and that if the Entry be for Exportation or for Removal to any other Warehouse, and any of the Packages or Parcels of the Goods be deficient of the respective Quantities of the same, according to the Account first taken as aforesaid, a like Entr}?- inwards shall also be passed in respect of the Quantities so deficient, and the full Duties shall be paid on the Amount thereof before such Packages or Parcels of Goods shall be delivered or taken for Exportation or Removal, except as by this Act is otherwise provided; and if any Goods so deficient in Quantity shall be such as are charged to pay Duty according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be estimated at the Price for which the like Sorts of Goods of the best Quality shall have been last or lately sold, either at any Sale of the East India Company or in any other Manner, as the Case may be.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Goods shall have been duly entered and landed to be warehoused, and before the same shall have been actually deposited in the Warehouse, the Importer shall further enter the same or any Part thereof for Home Use or for Exportation as from the Warehouse, the Goods so entered shall be considered as virtually and constructively warehoused, although not actually deposited in the Warehouse, and shall and may be delivered and taken for Home Use or for Exportation, as the Case may be.

XX. And Whereas it is expedient to make Regulations for the Removal of warehoused Goods from one warehousing Port to another, and from one Warehouse to another in the same ' Port Be it therefore enacted, That any Goods which have been warehoused at some Port in the United Kingdom maybe removed by Sea or Inland Carriage to any other Port in the same, in which the like Goods may be warehoused upon Importation to be rewarehoused at such other Port, and again as often as may be required to any other such Port, to be there re-warehoused, subject to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) Twelve Hours' Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove such Goods shall be given to the Warehouse Officer, specifying the particular Goods intended to be removed, and the Marks, Numbers and

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112.

893

Descriptions of the Packages in which the same are contained, in what Ship imported, when and by whom entered inwards to be warehoused, and if subsequently re-warehoused, when and by whom re-warehoused, and to what Port the same are to be removed; and thereupon the Warehouse Officer shall take a particular Account of such Goods, and shall mark the Contents on every Package in Preparation for the delivering of the same for the Purposes of such Removal, and previous to the Delivery thereof may cause the proper Seals of Office to be affixed thereto: Provided always, that Tobacco the Produce of the British Possessions in America, or of the United States of America, and purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, may be removed by the Purser of any Ship of War in actual Service to the Ports of Rochester, Portsmouth or Plymouth, to be there re-warehoused, in the Name of such Purser, in such Warehouse as shall be approved for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That before such Goods shall be delivered to be removed, due Entry of the same shall be made, and a proper Bill of such Entry, with Duplicates thereof, be delivered to the Collector or Comptroller, containing the before mentioned Particulars, and an exact Account of the Quantities of the different Sorts of Goods, and such Bill of the Entry, signed by the Collector and Comptroller, shall be the Warrant for the Removal of such Goods; and an Account of such Goods, containing all such Particulars, shall be transmitted by the proper Officers of the Port of Removal to the proper Officers of the Port of Destination; and upon the Arrival of such Goods at the Port of Destination, due Entry of the same to be re-warehoused shall in like Manner be made with the Collector and Comptroller at such Port, containing all the Particulars and Accounts before mentioned, together with the Name of the Port from which such Goods have been removed, and the Description and Situation of the Warehouse in which they are to be warehoused; and the Bill of such Entry, signed by such Collector and Comptroller, shall be the Warrant to the Landing Officer and the Warehouse Officer to admit such Goods to be there re-warehoused, under such Examination as is made of the like Goods when first warehoused, upon Importation from Parts beyond the Seas; and the Particulars to be contained in such Notice and in such Entries shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner as the Collector and Comptroller shall require; and the Officers at the Port of Arrival shall transmit to the Officers at the Port of Removal an Account of the Goods so arrived, according as they shall upon Examination prove to be, and the Warehouse Officers at the Port of Removal shall notify such Arrival in their Books.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons removing such Goods shall, at the Time of entering the same, give Bond, with One sufficient Surety, for the due Arrival and re* warehousing of such Goods within a reasonable Time (with reference to the Distance between the respective Ports, to be fixed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs), which Bond may be taken by the Collector and Comptroller either of the Port of Removal or of the Port of Destination, as shall best suit the Residence or Convenience of the Persons interested in the Removal of such

Tobacco for Use of Navy maybe removed to certain Ports.

Entry for Removal,

Account sent to other Port,

Entry at Port of Arrival to re-warehouse. Forms of Entries.

Examination by Officers.

Certificate of Arrival sent to Port of Removal.

Bond to rewarehouse, which may be given at either Port.

894>

Certificate to be produced.

Bond how discharged.

Goods ro-warehoused deemed as lirst warehoused.

On Arrival, after Forms of re-warehousing, Parties may enter to export; or take for Home Use, without first carrying to the Warehouse.

Such Goods deemed duly cleared.

Removal in the same Port regulated.

C. 112. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Goods; and if such Bond shall have been given at the Port of Destination, a Certificate thereof, under the Hands of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, shall, at the Time of entering such Goods, be produced to the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Removal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Bond shall not he discharged unless such Goods shall have been duly re-warehoused at the Port of Destination within the Time allowed for such Removal, or shall have been otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; nor until the full Duties due upon any Deficiency of such Goods shall have been paid; nor until fresh Security shall have been given in respect of such Goods, in Manner hereinafter provided, unless such Goods shall have been lodged in some Warehouse, in respect of which general Security shall have been given by the Proprietor or Occupier thereof, or in some Warehouse in respect of which no Security is required.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Goods when so re-warehoused may be entered and shipped for Exportation, or entered and delivered for Home Use, as the like Goods may be when first warehoused upon Importation, and the Time which such Goods shall be allowed to remain re-warehoused at such Port shall be reckoned from the Day when the same were first entered to be warehoused.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Arrival of such Goods at the Port of Destination the Parties shall be desirous forthwith to export the same, or to pay Duty thereon for Home Use, without actually lodging the same in the Warehouse for which they have been entered and examined to be rewarehoused, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs at such Port, after all the Formalities of entering and examining such Goods for re-warehousing have been duly performed (except the actual Labour of carrying and of lodging the same in the Warehouse), to consider the same as virtually constructively re-warehoused, and to permit the same to be entered and shipped for Exportation, or to be entered and delivered for Home Use, upon Payment of the Duties due thereon, in like Manner as if such Goods had been actually so carried and lodged in such Warehouse, and the Account taken for the re-warehousing of such Goods may serve as the Account for delivering the same as if from the Warehouse, either for Shipment or for Payment of Duties, as the Case may be; and all Goods so exported, or for which the Duties have been so paid, shall be deemed to have been duly cleared from the Warehouse.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Goods which have been warehoused in some Warehouse in the Port of London may, with the Permission of the Commissioners of Customs first obtained, be removed to any other Warehouse in the said Port in which the like Goods may be warehoused on Importation; and any Goods which have been warehoused in some Warehouse in any other Port may, with the Permission of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port first obtained, be removed to any other Warehouse in the same Port in which the like Goods may be

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112.

895

warehoused on Importation, under such general Regulations as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods which shall Goods and have been removed from one Warehouse for or to another, whether Parties subject in the same Port or in a different Port, and all Proprietors of to original such Goods, shall be held subject in all respects to all the Con- CondlUons* ditions to which they would have been held subject if such Goods

had remained in the Warehouse where the same had been originally warehoused,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods shall Goods sold, have been warehoused in any Warehouse in respect of which gene'v Owner neral Security by Bond, as hereinbefore provided, shall not have Yre\ease°n<*9 been given by the Proprietor or Occupier of such Warehouse, and the original particular Security, as in such Case is required, shall have been Bonder, given by the Importer of such Goods in respect of the same, and

such Goods shall have been sold or disposed of, so that the Original Bonder shall be no longer interested in or have Control over such Goods, it shall be lawful for the proper Officers to admit fresh Security to be given by the Bond of the new Proprietor of such Goods or Person having the Control over the same, with his sufficient Surety, and to cancel the Bond given by the original Bonder of such Goods, or to exonerate him and his Surety to the Extent of the fresh Security so given.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Person removing Bond of Beany Goods from one Port to another, and who shall have given mover to be in Bond in respect of such Removal and Re-warehousing, shall be ^c^j^neJv and continue to be interested in such Goods, after the same shall aiei0l, *e> have been duly re-warehoused, and such Goods shall have been

so re-warehoused in some Warehouse, in respect of which Security

is required, and the Proprietor or Occupier of the same shall not

have given general Security, the Bond in respect of such Removal

and Re-warehousing shall be conditioned and continue in force,

for the re-warehousing of such Goods, until fresh Bond be given until fresh

by some new Proprietor or other Person, in manner hereinbefore Bond by new-

provided. Owner.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful in Goods to be

the Warehouse to sort, separate, pack and repack any Goods, sorted, sepa-and to make such lawful Alterations therein, or Arrangements rated and re' thereof, as may be necessary either for the Preservation of such Packed 1, 1 same Goods, or in order to the Sale, Shipment or legal Disposal of Packages, the s^me; provided that such Goods be repacked in the same °

Packages in which the same Goods, or some Part of the whole

Quantity of the same Parcel of Goods, were imported, or in Packages of entire Quantity equal thereto, or in such other Packages as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall permit (not being less in any Case, if the Goods be to be exported or to be removed to another Warehouse, than may be required by Law for the Importation of such Goods); and also in the Warehouse Bottling off, to draw off any Wine or any Rum of the British Plantations into Wine or reputed Quart Bottles or reputed Pint Bottles, and to pack the Rum for Ex" same in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen such Quart Portation* Bottles or Six Dozen such Pint Bottles each, for the Purpose only of being exported from the Warehouse; and also in such Drawing off Warehouse to draw off any such Rum into Casks containing not Hum for Stores.

less

C. 112.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Mixing Brandy with Wine for Exportation.

Filling up Casks for Home Use, and for Exportation.

Samples without Duty, &c.

No Alteration to be made in Goods, &c. but according to such Regulations as Commissioners direct.

After repacking, damaged Parts may be destroyed.

Disposal of Surplus Quantity.

Quantities in new Packages to be marked, and Deficiency apportioned.

less than Twenty Gallons each, for the Purpose only of being-disposed of as Stores for Ships; and also in the Warehouse to draw off and mix with any such Wine once, but not oftener, any Brandy secured in the same Warehouse, not exceeding the Proportion of Ten Gallons of Brandy to One hundred Gallons of, Wine, for the Purpose only of being exported from the Warehouse; and also in such Warehouse to fill up any Casks of Wine or Spirits from any other Casks of the same, respectively secured in the same Warehouse, once but not oftener, for the Purpose either of Home Use or of Exportation, and once again for the Purpose only.of Exportation; and also in the Warehouse to take such moderate Samples of Goods as may be allowed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, without Entry and without Payment of Duty, except as the same may eventually become payable, as on a Deficiency of the original Quantity.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Alteration shall be made in any such Goods or Packages, nor shall any such Wine, Rum, Brandy or Spirits be bottled, drawn off, mixed or filled up, nor shall any such Samples be taken except after such Notices given by the respective Importers or Proprietors, and at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Customs shall from time to time require and direct.

XXXII. And Whereas it may happen that after the repacking into proper Packages of any Parcel of Goods which have been unpacked and separated or drawn off from the original Package in any of the Cases hereinbefore provided for, there 6 may remain some surplus Quantities of the respective Parcels of such Goods, which may not be sufficient to make or fill up any one of such proper Packages, or it may happen that some Part of such Goods, when separated from other Parts, may be such Refuse, or in so damaged a State as to be worthless, or that the total Quantity of such Parcel of Goods may be reduced by the Separation of Dirt or Sediment, or by the Dispersion of Dust or otherwise: And Whereas the Duties payable on such Goods may have been levied at a Rate having regard to a just Allowance for the State in which such Goods are imported, and it is not proper that any manufacturing Process should be performed in such Warehouse to the Detriment of the Revenue Be it therefore enacted, That after such Goods have been so repacked in proper Packages, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs, at the Request of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, to cause or permit any of such refuse, damaged or surplus Goods not contained in any of such Packages, to be destroyed; and if the Goods be such as may be delivered for Home Use, the Duties shall be immediately paid upon any Part of such Surplus as may remain, and the same shall be delivered for Home Use accordingly; and if they be such as may not be so delivered, such Surplus as may so remain shall be disposed of for the Purpose of Exportation in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct; and thereupon the Quantity contained in each of such proper Packages shall be ascertained and marked upon the same, and the Deficiency shall be ascertained by a Comparison of the total

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112. 89

Quantity in such proper Packages with the total Quantity first warehoused, and the Proportion which such Deficiency may bear to the Quantity in each Package shall also be marked on the same, and added to such Quantity, and the Total shall be deemed to be the imported Contents of such Package, and be held subject to the full Duties of Importation, except as otherwise in any Case provided by this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to accept the Abandonment, for the Duties, of any Quantity of Tobacco or Coffee, and also of any whole Packages of other Goods, and to cause or permit the same to be destroyed, and to deduct such Quantity of Tobacco or Coffee, or the Contents of such whole Packages, from the total Quantity of the same Importation, in computing the Amount of the Deficiency of such total Quantity.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Casks, Bottles, Corks, Packages or Materials whatever, except any in which some Goods shall have been imported and warehoused, shall be used in the repacking of any Goods in the Warehouse, unless the full Duties shall have been first paid thereon.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Stuffs or Fabric of Silk, Linen, Cotton, Wool or Mixture of them, or any of them, with any other Material which may not be taken out of the Warehouse for Home Use, shall have been warehoused for Exportation, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to permit such Goods to be taken out to be cleaned, refreshed, dyed, stained or calendered, under Security by Bond, to their Satisfaction, that such Goods shall be returned to such Warehouse within the Time which the}^ shall appoint.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Parcels of Goods so warehoused which were imported in Bulk shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity of each Parcel, or in a Quantity not less than One Ton Weight, unless by special Leave of the proper Officers of the Customs.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods so warehoused shall be delivered, unless the same or the Packages containing the same shall have been marked in such distinguishing Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall deem necessary and practicable, and shall from time to time direct.

XXXVII. And Whereas some Sorts of Goods are liable in c Time to decrease and some to increase, and some to Fluctuation ' of Quantity, by the Effect of the Atmosphere or other natural ' Causes, and it may be necessary in some Cases that the Duties ' should not be charged upon the Deficiency arising from such ' Causes Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to make Regulations for ascertaining the Amount of such Decrease or Increase of the Quantity of any particular Sorts of Goods, and to direct in what Proportion any Abatement of Duty payable under this Act for Deficiencies shall, upon the Exportation of any such Goods, be made, on account of any such Decrease: Provided always, that if such Goods be lodged in Warehouses declared in the Order of Appointment to be of special Security, no Duty shall be charged for any Amount whatever of Deficiency of any 6 Geo. IV. 3 M of

Abandonment of Goods for Duty.

No Foreign Casks, &c. (Exception) used for repacking unless Duties paid.

Goods may be taken out of Warehouse to be cleaned.

Goods in Bulk delivered.

Packages to be marked before Delivery.

Decrease and Increase ascertained and allowed under Regulations of Treasury.

No Duty on Deficiency of Goods exported from Warehouses of special Security.

898 C. 112. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Allowances for Waste of Wine, &c. in Warehouses not of special Security.

In Cases of Embezzlement and Waste through Misconduct of Officers, Damages to be made good to the Proprietor, &c.

of such Goods on the Exportation thereof, except in Cases where Suspicion shall arise that Part of such Goods has been clandestinely conveyed away, nor shall any such Goods (unless they be Wine or Spirits) be measured, counted, weighed or gauged for Exportation, except in such Cases of Suspicion,

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for any Wine, Spirits, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Pepper lodged in Warehouses, not being declared to be of special Security, the following Allowances for natural Waste in Proportion to the Time during which any such Goods shall have remained in the Warehouse shall be made upon the Exportation thereof, according as such Allowances are hereinafter respectively set forth: that is to say,

Wine, upon every Cask; videlicet,

---- for any Time not exceeding One Year

---- for any Time exceeding One Year and

not exceeding Two Years

---- for any Time exceeding Two Years -

Spirits, upon every Hundred Gallons Hydrometer Proof; videlicet,

---- for any Time not exceeding Six

Months -

---- for any Time exceeding Six Months,

and not exceeding Twelve Months

---- for any Time exceeding Twelve

Months, and not exceeding Eighteen Months -

---- for any Time exceeding Eighteen

Months, and not exceeding Two Years -

---- for any Time exceeding Two Years

Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Pepper, for every 100 lbs. and so in proportion for any less Quantity -

One Gallon.

Two Gallons. Three Gallons.

One Gallon. Two Gallons.

Three Gallons.

Four Gallons. Five Gallons,

Two Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time happen that any Embezzlement, Waste, Spoil or Destruction shall be made of or in any Goods or Merchandize which shall be warehoused in Warehouses under the Authority of this Act, by or through any wilful Misconduct of any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, such Officer or Officers shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall upon Conviction suffer such Punishment as may be inflicted by Law in Cases of Misdemeanor; and if such Officer shall be so prosecuted to Conviction by the Importer, Consignee or Proprietor of the Goods or Merchandize so embezzled, wasted, spoiled or destroyed, then and in such Case no Duty of Customs or Excise shall be payable for or in respect of such Goods or Merchandize so embezzled, wasted, spoiled or destroyed, and no Forfeiture or Seizure shall take place of any Goods and Merchandize so warehoused in respect of any Deficiency caused by such Embezzlement, Waste, Spoil or Destruction, and the Damage occasioned by such Embezzlement, Waste, Spoil or Destruction of such Goods or Merchandize shall be repaid and made good to such Importer,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 112. 899

Consignee or Proprietor by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, under such Orders, Regulations and Directions as shall be for that Purpose made and given by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them.

XL. And Whereas it is expedient to make Regulations for e the exporting of such Goods to Parts beyond the Seas as have been imported into the United Kingdom from Parts beyond ' the Seas, and warehoused without Payment of any Duty on the Importation thereof, or notwithstanding that the same may ' be prohibited to be used in the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Entry outwards of any Goods to be exported from the Warehouse to Parts beyond the Seas, and before Cocket be granted, the Person in whose Name the same be entered shall give Security by Bond in Double the Value of such Goods, with One sufficient Surety that such Goods shall be duly shipped and exported, and shall be landed at the Place for which they be entered outwards, or otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be exported from the Warehouse to the Isle of Man, except such Goods as may be imported into the said Island with Licence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and in virtue of any such Licence first obtained.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall be exported from the Warehouse to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney or SarJe> without the Licence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, nor in greater Quantities in any one Year to the said Islands respective!}' than the Quantities hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

To Jersey, Forty thousand Pounds Weight;

To Guernsey, Thity five thousand Pounds Weight;

To Alderney, Five thousand Pounds Weight;

To Sark, One thousand Pounds Weight .:

And the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required,

.upon Application made to them in Writing, to grant their Licences from time to time under their Hands (to be in force Thirty Days from the respective Dates thereof, and no longer), to any of His Majesty's Subjects, to export any of such several Quantities of Tobacco to any of such Islands respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods taken from the Warehouse for Removal or for Exportation, shall be removed or shall be carried to be shipped under the Care or with the Authority or Permission of the proper Officer of the Customs, and in such Manner, and by such Persons, and within such Spaces toms Officers, of Time, and by such Roads or Ways as the proper Officer of the Customs shall authorize, permit or direct; and all such Goods not so removed or carried shall be forfeited.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to export any Goods so warehoused, nor to enter for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas any Goods so warehoused, in any Ship which shall not be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods or Merchandize which shall be landed in Docks, and lodged in the Custody

3 M 2 of

On Entry outwards, Bond for due shipping and landing to be given.

Restriction as to Isle of Man,

Limiting Quantity of Tobacco exported to Guernsey, &c.

Commissioners to grant Licences.

Goods removed from Warehouse for Shipment under Care of Cus-

Tonnage of' Ships for exporting wa rehoused Goods.

Goods landed in Docks liable

900

C. 112, 113.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

to Claims for of the Proprietors of the said Docks, under the Provisions of this Freight as be- Act, not being Goods seized as forfeited to His Majesty, shall,

fore landing. wheu so landed, continue and be subject or liable to such and the same Claim for Freight in favour of the Master and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vessels, or of any other Person or Persons interested in the Freight of the same, from or out of which such Goods or Merchandize shall be so landed, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable to whilst the same were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the landing thereof; and the Directors and Proprietors of any such Docks at or in which any such Goods or Merchandize may be landed and lodged as aforesaid, or their Servants or Agents, or any of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon due Notice in that Behalf given to them by such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, or other Persons as aforesaid, to detain and keep such Goods and Merchandize, not being seized as forfeited to His Majesty, in the Warehouses belonging to the said Docks as aforesaid, until the respective Freights to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have been subject and liable, or until a Deposit shall have been made by the Owner or Owners, or Consignee or Consignees of such Goods or Merchandize, equal in Amount to the Claim or Demands made by the Master, Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vessels or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on account of Freight upon such Goods or Merchandize; which Deposit the said Directors or Proprietors of such Docks, or their Agents respectively, are hereby authorized and directed to receive and hold in Trust, until the Claim or Demand for Freight upon such Goods shall have been satisfied; upon Proof of which, and Demand made by the Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by whom the said Deposit shall have been made, and the Rates and Charges due upon the said Goods being first paid, the said Deposit shall be returned to him or them by the said Directors or Proprietors, or their Agents on their Behalf, with whom the said Deposit shall have been made as aforesaid.

Act may be altered, &e. this

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be al-

tered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this

Session. present Session of Parliament.

c. 105. § 1.

ante.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Lam relating to the Customs, in which it is declared that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed through a long Series of Years; and that it is therefore highly expedient for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons

6° GEO. IV. C. 113.

901

who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in Force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments,

exhibiting more perspicuous!}" and compendiously the'various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas the Laws by which any Bounties or Allowances of Customs have been given, will thereby be repealed, and it is expedient to make Provisions for giving such Bounties and Allowances in certain Cases after such Repeal shall have Effect*/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Commence- from and after the Fifth Lay of January One thousand eight ment of Act. hundred and twenty six this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for giving any Bounties or Allowances of Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation On Export- from the United Kingdom of the several Sorts of Goods enumeration of Goods ated or described in the Schedule hereinafter contained, intituled enumerated in 44 A Schedule of Bounties of Customs outwards," there shall be B^ntie^ther given the several Bounties set forth in Figures next after the se- hi°^tedS shalT" veral Sorts of Goods respectively therein expressed, and under be paid, the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter directed.

A Schedule of Bounties of Customs outwards.

Cordage or Spurn Yarn, being Staple Cordage or Staple Spun Yarn not twice laid, wrought up and manufactured in the United Kingdom from Foreign Rough Hemp, not being the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, nor of the East Indies, nor of China, nor imported by the East India Company; for every Hundred Weight Linen (subject to the Reductions hereinafter stated) made in the United Kingdom, or in the Isle of Man, wholly of ITemp or Flax, and of the Breadth of Twenty five Inches or more, exported to Asia, Africa or America, or to Portugal, Spain, America, Gibraltar or Malta; videlicet,

Plain; videlicet,

— ---- under the Value of Five Pence per Yard; for every

Yard, Eight tenth Parts of

---- of the Value of Five Pence, and under Sixpence per

Yrard; for every Yard, Eight tenth Parts of ---- of the Value of Sixpence, and not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; for every Yard, Eight tenth Parts of -

---- upwards of One Yard in Breadth, and exceeding the

Value of One Shilling and Sixpence per Running Yard, and not exceeding the Value of One Shilling and Sixpence per Square Yard; for every Square Yard, Eight tenth Parts of - -

---- checked and striped, of the Value of Sevenpence, and

not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; for every Yard, Eight, tenth Parts of -3 M 3

£ s. d.

0 3 10

0 0 0h

0 0 1

0 0 It

0 0 H

0 0 01-

902

0.113.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182\5.

Note. — One other tenth Part of the aforegoing Sums, Bounties on Linen, to cease on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and the like on the Fifth Day of January in the Seven Years thereafter, when the whole will expire.

Sail Cloth made in the United Kingdom, fit for or made into Sails, exported by way of Merchandize; for every Ell Sugar, till the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; videlicet,

---- Refined, made in the United Kingdom from Sugar, the

Produce of the British Plantations or of the East Indies; videlicet,

---- Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or being ground or powdered Sugar, or such Sugar pounded, crashed or broken,

---- exported in a British Ship; for every Hundred Weight

---- exported in a Ship not British; for every Hundred

Weight - -

---- Other refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or

Lumps duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of a uniform Whiteness throughout, or such Sugar pounded, crashed or broken, and Sugar Candy,

---- exported in a British Ship; for every Hundred Weight

---- exported in a Ship not British; for every Hundred

Weight ----

---- Double Refined Sugar, additional Bounty for every

Hundred Weight -

<£ s. d.

0 0 2

1 10 0 19 0

2 6 0

2 4 6

0 8 0

Bond for due III. And be it further enacted, That the Exporter of any

Exportation. Goods, in respect of which any Bounty is claimed under this Act,

or the Person in whose Name the same are entered outwards, shall, at the Time of Entry and before Cocket be granted, give Security by Bond in Double the Value of the Goods, with One sufficient Surety, that the same shall be duly exported to the Place for which they are entered, or be otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, and shall not be relanded in the United Kingdom, or landed in the Isle of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, and shall not be landed in Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, unless expressly entered to be exported to one of those Places.

Candy in Pack- IV. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be given upon the Exportation of any refined Sugar called Candy, unless it be properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum, and packed in Packages, each of which shall contain Half a Hundred Weight of such Candy at the least; nor upon any other refined Sugar, unless the same be packed in Packages, each of which shall contain Two Hundred Weight of such Sugar at the least.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Sugar in Lumps or Loaves is to be pounded, crashed or broken, before the same be exported for the Bounty payable thereon, such Lumps or Loaves shall, after due Entry thereof, be lodged in some Warehouse,

provided

ages of Half Cwt., other Sugar 2 Cwt.

Sugar crashed for Exportation.

A.D. 1825.

6* GEO.IV.

C11S.

90S

provided by the Exporter and approved by the Commissioners of the Customs for such Purpose, to be then first examined by the Officers of Customs while in such Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and afterwards to be there pounded, crashed or broken, and packed for Exportation, in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expence of the Exporter; and such Sugar Kept and ] shall be kept in such Warehouse, and be removed from thence shipped in for Shipment, and be shipped under the Care and in the Charge Charge of the of the Searchers, in order that the Shipment and Exportation eaiciers' thereof may be duly certified by them upon the Debenture, according to the Quality ascertained by them of the same while in -such Lumps or Loaves.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the different Sorts of such Different Sorts Sugar shall be kept apart from each other, in such Manner and of crashed

in such distinct Rooms or Divisions of such Warehouse, as shall SaSar kePc be directed and appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs; ^It5^ate> for' and if any Sort of such Sugar shall be found in any Part of such Warehouse appointed for the keeping of Sugar of a Sort superior in Quality thereto, the same shall be forfeited; and if any Sort if of inferior of such Sugar shall be brought to such Warehouse to be pound- Quality to En-ed, crashed or broken, which shall be of a Quality inferior to the try> forfeited. Sort of Sugar expressed in the Entry for the same, such Sugar shall be forfeited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Linen which is en- Linen entered tered for Bounty, as being of the Value at least of Five Pence for Bounty, if per Yard, or of Sixpence per Yard, or of Seven Pence per Yard, b^°vai^c PfoT as the Case may be, shall upon Examination be found not to be felted8 il^above worth Five Pence per Yard, or Sixpence per Yard, or Seven to be dealt with Pence per Yard respectively, the same shall be forfeited; and if as herein di-any Linen which is entered for Bounty by the Square Yard shall rected.

upon Examination be found not to be worth more than One Shilling and Sixpence per Running Yard, the same shall be forfeited; and if any Linen which is entered for Bounty shall upon Examination be found to be worth more than One Shilling and Sixpence per Running Yard, if entered by the Running Yard, or One Shilling and Sixpence per Square Yard, if entered by the Square Yard, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for the Searcher to detain such Linen, and the Commissioners of the Customs shall thereupon cause the Sum of One Shilling and Seven Pence per Running Yard, or per Square Yard, as the Case may be, to be paid for such Linen to the Person entitled to receive the same, and shall dispose of such Linen for the Benefit of the Crown.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Bounty Oath of Exgiven by this Act on the Exportation of Cordage be paid, the porter to Manu-Exporter of any Cordage in respec t of which such Bounty is facture of Cord-claimed shall make Oath upon the Debenture before the Collec- potation

for or Comptroller, that the said Cordage was wrought up and manufactured in the United Kingdom, as he verily believes, from Foreign Rough Hemp, not the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, nor of the East Indies or China, nor imported by the East India Company; and that the Duties due upon the Importation thereof were duly paid; and that the said Cordage is really and truly intended to be exported

3 M 4> ta

904

C. 113.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Bounty on Cordage made ' into Rigging.

No Bounty on Cordage or Sail Cloth, unless exported in Ships well supplied.

Drawback on Coals used in Mines.

Oath that Duly paid.

Drawback on Timber used in Mines.

to Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship during her Voyage or any future Voyage.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty hereby granted upon Cordage and Spun Yard shall be allowed for such Cordage and Spun Yarn made into or fitted up as Rigging: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Officer of the Customs to make such Deductions from the Weight of such Rigging as shall in his Discretion be equal to the Weight of any Materials other than such Cordage or Spun Yarn forming Part of and being weighed together with such Rigging.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid to any Person on the Exportation of any Cordage or of any Sail Cloth, unless the same be exported to Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize, nor unless the Quantity exported by him in One Ship be Three Tons Weight of such Cordage, or Five hundred Eils of such Sail Cloth at the least, nor unless the Ship exporting the same shall be furnished with a sufficient Quantity of Cordage, or of Sails or Sail Cloth, as the Case may be, for her Use, according to her intended Voyage, over and above any Quantities of the same respectively entered to be exported for Bounty in such Ship.

XL. And be it further enacted, That for all Coals which shall be consumed in Five, or Steam Engines used for draining Water or drawing Ores, Dead Stuff or Rubbish, or for stamping or pulverizing Ores, or for any other Purposes, in Mines of Copper, Tin or Lead in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, or in the Isle of Anglesea, or in Ireland, and for all Coals used in roasting, calcining, smelting or refining any Copper, Tin, Lead, or any of their Ores in the Works of any of such Mines, and for which all Duties of Customs coastwise shall have been paid, a Drawback of all such Duties shall be allowed and paid; and for all Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on of the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates at Penny gored in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, and for which the Duties of Customs shall have been paid, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of all such Duties not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in any one Year; provided Proof shall be made upon Oath by some one of the Proprietors or Adventurers in any such Mine or Works, or by some managing Agent of the same, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port at which the Duties on such Coals shall have been paid, that he verily believes that all Duties on such Coals have been actually paid, and that such Coals were bona fide consumed in such Mine or Works (naming the same), or some of the Purposes (describing the same), in respect of which the Drawback hereby allowed on such Coals is claimed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of all Deals and Timber hereinafter described, being of the Growth of Norway, and imported direct from thence, and used in the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, or in Ireland, and on which the Duties of Customs shall have been paid, there shall be allowed and paid the several Drawbacks hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) on any such Deals, being above Seven Inches in Width, Eight Feet in Length, and not

above

6° GEO. IV. C. 113, 114*.

905

above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, for every One hundred and twenty, if imported in a British Ship, the Sum of Four Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, or if imported in a Foreign Ship, the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Sixpence; and on any such Timber being Five Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, for every Load containing Fifty Cubic Feet, if imported in a British Ship, the Sum of Two Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, or if imported in a Foreign Ship, the Sum of Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks hereby allowed for and in respect of such Deals and such Timber so used, shall be paid to the Owner of any such Mine under the following Regulations; (that is to say,) the Purser, Agent or Captain of any such Mine, intending to claim the Drawback under this Act, shall enter or cause to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose an Account of the Quantity of such Deals and Timber used and employed in such Mine, stating of whom such Deals and Timber were purchased, and at what Port the same were stated by the Vender to have been imported; and at the End of each Year he shall deliver an Account thereof to the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where the Duty upon such Deals and Timber shall have been stated to have been paid, and shall make Oath before him to the Truth of such Account, and shall, if required by such Collector or Comptroller, produce the Cost Book of such Mine.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or his Agent who shall have supplied the said Deals and Timber, shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, to the Truth of his Account for the same; and referring to the Importation thereof and Payment of Duties thereon, shall further make Oath, that the Deals and Timber so supplied, according to such Account, are the identical Deals and Timber for which the Duties of Customs had been so paid; and thereupon the Collector and Comptroller being satisfied that such Deals and Timber were supplied for the Use of such Mine, and that the full Duties of Customs had been paid thereon, a Debenture shall be issued for the Payment of the Drawback allowed by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Purser, Agent or Captain of such Mine shall deliver any false Account, of the Quantity of Deals or Timber used and employed, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, such Purser, Agent or Captain shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be sued for within Three Months after the Delivery of the Account.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to regulate the Trade of the British. Possessions abroad.

[5th July 1825.]

"VI J WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of ' W Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the severalLaxvs reluting to the Customs; in which it is declared that the Laws of the

Customs

Account to be kept of Timber used in Mines.

Oath of Truth of Account.

Oath to Truth of Account herein mentioned.

Delivering false Account.

Penalty.

Second Offence.

c. 105. ante,

§ 1.

906

c. m.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

[Commencement of Act.]

Importation and Exportation of Goods (Exception) confined to free Ports,

Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number ' of Acts relating thereto, which have been passed through a long ' Series of Years; and it is therefore highly expedient, for the ' Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for ' affording Convenience and Facility to all Persons who may be ' Subject to the Operation of those Laws, or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now

in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the ' Purposes for which they have from time to time been made

should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting more per- spicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained ' in them: And Whereas by the said Act all the Laws of the ' Customs relating to the Trade of the British Possessions abroad

will be repealed; and it is expedient to make Provisions for the future Regulation of the Trade [of those Possessions after ' such Repeal shall have effect Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation, for the regulating of the Trade of the British Possessions abroad.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into, nor shall any Goods, except the Produce of the Fisheries in British Ships, be exported from, any of the British Possessions in America by Sea, from or to any Place other than the United Kingdom, or some other of such Possessions, except into or from the several Ports in such Possessions, called " Free Ports," enumerated or described in the Table following; (that is to say,)

TABLE OF FREE PORTS.

Kingston, Savannah, Le Mar, Montego Bay, 1 Santa Lucia, Antonio, Saint Ann, Fal- > mouth, Maria, Morant Bay, Annotto Bay J Saint George -

Roseau - -

Saint John's -

San Josef - -

Scarborough -

Road Harbour -

Nassau -

Pitt's Town - -

Kingston -

Port Saint George and Port Hamilton

Any Port where there is a Custom House

Bridgetown - -

Saint John's, Saint Andrew's

Halifax -

Quebec - -

Saint John's -

George Tow n - -

New Amsterdam -

Castries - -

Jamaica.

Grenada.

Dominica.

Antigua.

Trinidad.

Tobago.

Tortola.

New Providence. Crooked Island. Saint Vincent. Bermuda. Bahamas. Barbadoes.

New Brunswick.

Nova Scotia.

Canada.

Newfoundland.

Demerara.

Berbice.

Saint Lucia.

6° GEO. IV. C. 114*.

907

Basseterre - Saint Kitt's.

Charles Town ... Nevis.

Plymouth - Montserrat.

III. Provided always, That if His Majesty shall deem it expedient to extend the Provisions of this Act to any Port or Ports not enumerated in the said Table, it shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to extend the Provisions of this Act to such Port or Ports; and from and after the Day mentioned in such Order in Council, all the Privileges and Advantages of this Act, and all the Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to any such Port or Ports respectively, as fully as if the same had been inserted and enumerated in the said Table at the Time of passing this Act: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of the Produce of the Fisheries from any Ports or Places in any of the said Possessions in British Ships, nor to prohibit the Importation or Exportation of Goods into or from any Ports or Places in Newfoundland or Labrador in British Ships.

IV. And Whereas by the Law of Navigation Foreign Ships are ' permitted to import into any of the British Possessions abroad,

from the Countries to which they belong, Goods the Produce

of those Countries, and to export Goods from such Possessions to be carried to any Foreign Country whatever: And Whereas ' it is expedient that such Permission should be subject to certain ' Conditions Be it therefore enacted, That the Privileges thereby granted to Foreign Ships shall be limited to the Ships of those Countries which, having Colonial Possessions, shall grant the like Privileges of trading with those Possessions to British Ships, or which, not having Colonial Possessions, shall place the Commerce and Navigation of this Country, and of its Possessions abroad, upon the Footing of the most favoured Nation, unless His Majesty by His Order in Council shall in any Case deem it expedient to grant the V7hole or any of such Privileges to the Ships of any Foreign Country, although the Conditions aforesaid shall not in all respects be fulfilled by such Foreign Country.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or any other Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty, under certain Circumstances, to regulate the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in Foreign Vessels, and to exempt certain Foreign Vessels from Pilotage; nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, to amend the lastmentioned Act, and that all Trade and Intercourse between the British Possessions and all Foreign Countries shall be subject to the Powers granted to His Majesty by those Acts.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the Expiration of Ten Years, to be computed from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, every Foreign Ship which previous to that Day had been engaged in Trade between any of the British Possessions in America, and

other

His Majesty may extend the Privileges of Act to other Ports not herein enumerated.

Proviso for Produce of Fisheries and for Newfoundland, &c.

Privileges granted to Foreign Ships limited to the Ships of those Countries which having Colonial Possessions shall grant the like Privileges to British Ships, &c.

Proviso for G.4. c. 77. and5G.4. c. 1.

Foreign Ships trading between British Possessions and other Places in America, how deemed.

908

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Description of Goods prohibited or restricted to be imported into Colonies.

other Places in America, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be a Ship of the Country or Place to which she had then belonged, if still belonging thereto; any Thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sorts of Goods enumerated or described in the Table following, denominated " A Table of Prohibitions and Restrictions," are hereby prohibited to be imported or brought, either by Sea or by Inland Carriage or Navigation, into the British Possessions in America, or into the Island of Mauritius, or shall be so imported or brought, only under the Restrictions mentioned in such Table, according as the several Sorts of such Goods are set forth therein; (that is to say,)

A TABLE OF PROHIBITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS.

Gunpowder,

Arms,

Ammunitions or Utensils of War,

Beef, fresh or salted, 1. ., A7 77 7

pork r except into Newfoundland.

Prohibited to be imported, except from the United Kingdom,] or from some other British Possession.

Tea, ... 1

Prohibited to be imported, except from the United King- | dom, or from some other British Possession in America, J unless by the East India Company, or with their Licence.) Fish, dried or salted,

Train Oil, Blubber, Fins or Skins, the Produce of Creatures living in the Sea,

Prohibited to be imported, except from the United Kingdom, or from some other British Possession, or unless J> taken by British Ships fitted out from the United Kingdom, or from some British Possession, and brought in from the Fishery, and except Herrings from the Isle of Man, taken and cured by the Inhabitants thereof.

Coffee,

Cocoa Nuts,

Sugar,

Melasses,

Rum,

Being of Foreign Production, or the Production of any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, except the Island of Mauritius, prohibited to be imported in.to any of the British Possessions on the Continent of South America or in the West Indies, except the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, or into the Island of Mauritius, and may also be prohibited to be imported into the Bahama or the Bermuda Islands by His Majesty's Order in Council.

Base or Counterfeit Coin, \

Books, such as are prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom: j

- Prohibited to be imported. J

And

6° GEO. IV.

c. 114.

909

And if any Goods shall be imported or brought into any of the British Possessions in America, or into the Island of Mauritius, contrary to any of the Prohibitions or Restrictions mentioned in such Table in respect of such Goods, the same shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, Melasses and Rum (although the same may be of the British Plantations) imported into any of the British Possessions in America, into which the like Goods of Foreign Production can be legally imported, shall upon subsequent Importation from thence into any of the British Possessions in America, into which such Goods, being of Foreign Production, cannot be legally imported, or into the Island of Mauritius, or into the United Kingdom, be deemed to be of Foreign Production, and shall be liable, on such Importation respectively, to the same Duties or the same Forfeitures, as Articles of the like Description, being of Foreign Production, would be liable to, unless the same shall have been warehoused under the Provisions of this Act, and exported from the Warehouse direct to such other British Possession, or to the Island of Mauritius, or to the United Kingdom, as the Case may be.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively set forth in Figures in the Table of Duties hereinafter contained, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or brought into any of His Majesty's Possessions in America; (that is to say,)

Goods imported contrary hereto, forfeited.

Coffee, &c. though British, deemed Foreign in certain Cases.

Duties of Importation in America.

TABLE OF DUTIES.

DUTIES payable upon Spirits, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of any of the British Possessions in America or the West Indies, imported into Newfoundland or Canada.

Spirits; videlicet, Duty.

imported into Newfoundland; videlicet,

- the Produce of any of the British Possessions iM S* dt

in South America or the West Indies;

videlicet,

- imported from any of the British Possessions

. in South America or the West Indies,

the Gallon - 0 0 6

- imported from the United Kingdom, the

Gallon - 0 1 6

- imported from any other Place, to be deem-

ed Foreign, and to be charged with Duty

as such.

- the Produce of any British Possession in

North America, or of the United Kingdom,

and imported from the United Kingdom, or

from any British Possession in America or

the West Indies, the Gallon 0 1 6

- imported from any other Place, to be deemed

Foreign, and to be charged with Duty as -

such.

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Spirits — continued. Duty.

imported into Canada; videlicet,

- - - the Produce of any British Possession in South *£ s. d.

America or the West Indies, and imported

from the United Kingdom, the Gallon 0 0 6

- imported from any other Place, to be deem-

ed Foreign, and be charged with Duty as

such.

DUTIES payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of any of the British Possessions in America, or of the Island of Mauritius, imported or brought into any of the British Possessions in America, or the Island of Mauritius, by Sea or by Inland Carriage or Navigation,

Duty.

For every Barrel of Wheat Flour not weighing more than 196lbs. d s. d.

net Weight - 0 5 0

For every Hundred Weight of Biscuit or Bread 0. 1 6

For every Barrel of Flour or Meal, not weighing more than

1961bs. not made from Wheat - 0 2 6

For every Bushel of Wheat - - 0 1 0

For every Bushel of Pease, Beans, Bye, Calavances, Oats, Bar-

ley or Indian Corn - 0 0 7

Rice, for every lOOlbs. net Weight - 0 2 6

For every 1,000 Shingles net more than 12 Inches in Length 0 7 0

For every 1,000 Shingles being more than 12 Inches in Length 0 14 0

For every 1,000 Red Oak Staves or Headings 0 15 0

For every 1,000 White Oak Staves or Headings 0 12 6

For every 1,000 Feet of White, Yellow or Pitch Pine Lumber of One Inch thick -

1 1 0

For every 1,000 Feet of other Kinds of Wood and Lumber 1 8 0

For every 1,000 Wood Hoops - - 0 5 3

Horses, Mules, Asses, Neat Cattle and all other Live Stock, for

every 100/. of the Value - 10 0 0

Spirits; videlicet,

- ?>rqnnv fnrpnpv'i nr for pvpi'v -r 0 1 0

and further, the Amount of any Duty payable for the Time being on Spirits, the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

Wine, imported in Bottles, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons 7 7 X)

and further, for every 100/. of the true and real Value

thereof - 7 10 0

and for every Dozen of Foreign Quart Bottles, in which

such Wine may be imported 0 1 0

not in Bottles, for every 100/. of the true and real Value

thereof ---- 7 10 0

Coffee, for every Cwt. - - 0 5 0

Cocoa, for every Cwt. - 0 5 0

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114>.

911

7 — Duty.

£ s. d.

Sugar, for every Cwt. - 0 5 0

Melasses, for every Cwt. - 0 3 0

Rum, for every Gallon - 0 0 6

and further the Amount of any Duty payable for the Time

being on Coffee, Cocoa, Sugar, Melasses and Rum re-

spectively, being the Produce of any of the British

Possessions in South America or the West Indies.

Alabaster \

Anchovies - -

Argol -

Anniseed -

Amber - -

Almonds - -

Brimstone - -

Botargo - -

Boxwood -

Currants - -

Capers - -

Cascasoo -

Can thar ides -

Cummin Seed ..

Coral -

Cork - -

Cinnabar -

Dates -

Essence of Bergamot

of Lemon -

of Roses - For every 100/ of

— — of Citron - \ the true and real (7 10 0

of Oranges _ Value thereof 3

of Lavender

of Rosemary - -

Emery Stone -

Flax

Fruit; viz.

. dry, preserved in Sugar -

wet, preserved in Brandy -

Figs _ -

Gum Arabic

Mastic.

Myrrh -

Sicily -

Ammoniac

Hemp -

Honey - -

Jalap - -

Iron in Bars unwrought, and Pig Iron

Juniper Berries

Incense of Frankincense

Lava and Malta Stone for building

912

#.114

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Lentils

Manna

Marble, rough and worked

Mosaic Work

Medals -

Musk

Maccaroni

Nuts of all Kinds

Oil of Olives

---- Almonds

Opium Orris Root Ostrich Feathers Ochres

Orange Buds and Peel

Olives

Pitch

Pickles, in Jars and Bottles

Paintings

Pozzolana

Pumice Stone

Punk

Parmesan Cheese

Pickles

Prints

Pearls

Precious Stones (except Diamonds)

Quicksilver

Raisins

Rhubarb

Sausages

Senna

Scammony

Sarsaparilla

Saffron

Safflower ...

Sponges

Tar

Tow -

Turpentine

Vermillion

Vermicelli

Whetstones

Clocks and Watches Leather Manufactures Linen

Musical Instruments Wires of all Sorts Books and Papers Glass and Manufactures Soap

Refined Sugar Sugar Candy Tobacco manufactured

(For every 100Z. of a \ the true'andreal > Value thereof I

For every 100Z. of-\ the true and real! Value thereof

For every 100Z. of-) the true and real] Value thereof.

Duty.

£ s. d.

7 10 0

30 0 0

20 0 0

6° GEO. IV.

Cl 14.

913

A.D. 1825.

Hay and Straw Coin and Bullion -

Diamonds -

Salt - -

Fruit and Vegetables, fresh

Cotton Wool -

Goods the Produce of Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter - -

Horses of Persons travelling into or through the Province of j Upper Canada, and necessarily used in removing themselves, i their Families and Baggage -I

Cord Wood for fuel and Saw Logs brought into Upper Canada Herrings taken and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Van, and imported direct from thence Any Sort of Craft, Food and Victuals, except Spirits, and any j Sort of Cloathing and Implements, or Materials fit and necessary for the British Fisheries in America, imported into the Place at or from whence such Fishery is carried on, in British Ships -

Rice and Indian Corn, and Lumber the Produce of any British Possession on the West Coast of Africa, and imported direct from thence - -J

Goods, Wares or Merchandize not being ) For every 100/. of the enumerated or described, nor otherwise > true and real Value charged with Duty by this Act - ) thereof

And if any of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned shall be imported through the United Kingdom, (having been warehoused therein, and exported from the Warehouse, or the Duties thereon, if then paid, having been drawn back,) One tenth Part of the Duties herein imposed shall be remitted in respect of such Goods; and if any of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned shall be imported through the United Kingdom (not from the Warehouse,) but after all Duties of Importation for Home Use thereon shall have been paid thereon in the said United Kingdom, and not drawn back, such Goods shall be free of all Duties herein imposed.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in any other Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall extend to repeal or abrogate, or in any way to alter or affect an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain, in any of the Colonies, Provinces and Plantations in North America and the West Indies, and for repealing so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, as relates thereto, nor to repeal or in any way alter or affect any Act now in force, which was passed prior to the last mentioned Act, and by which any Duties in any of the British Possessions in America were granted, and still continue payable to the Crown;

6 Geo. IV. 3 N nor

Duty.

£ s. d.

Duty-free.

15 0 0

Abatement of Duty, and Remission of Duty in certain Cases.

Proviso for 18 G.3. c. 12 .;

and for Duties prior to that Act;

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and for 31 G.3. c. 31.

Duties imposed by Acts prior to Act 18 G.3. c. 12. to be applied to Purposes of those Acts.

Proviso.

Currency Weights and Measures.

Duties under Management of Customs.

Duties paid by Collector of Customs to Treasurer of Colony in which levied.

Drawback on Rum, &c. of British Posses-

nor to repeal, or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act for making more effectual Provisions for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America, and to make further ' Provisions for the Government of the said Province. '

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by any of the Acts hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, passed prior to the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, shall be received, accounted for and applied for the Purposes of those Acts: Provided always, that no greater Proportion of the Duties imposed by this Act shall be charged upon any Article which is subject also to Duty under any of the said Acts, or subject also to Duty under any Colonial Law, than the Amount, if any, by which the Duty charged by this Act shall exceed such other Duty or Duties: Provided nevertheless, that the full Amount of the Duties mentioned in this Act, whether on account of such former Acts, or on account of such Colonial Law, or on account of this Act, shall be levied and recovered and received under the Regulations, and by the Means and Powers of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted or imposed by'this Act, either as Duties, Penalties or Forfeitures, in the British Possessions in America, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, recovered and paid to the Amount of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain; and that such Monies may be received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of Five Shillings and Sixpence the Ounce in Silver; and that all Duties shall be paid and received in every Part of the British Possessions in America, according to British Weights and Measures in use at the Time of passing of this Act, and that in all Cases where such Duties are imposed according to any specific Quantity, or any specific Value, the same shall be deemed to apply in the same Proportion to any greater or less Quantity or Value; and that all such Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Duties so received by the Means and Powers of this Act, except such Duties as are payable to His Majesty under any Act passed prior to the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Collector of the Customs, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver General of the Colony, or other proper Officer authorized to receive the same, in the Colony in which the same shall be levied, to be applied to such Uses as shall be directed by the local Legislatures of such Colonies respectively; and that the Produce of such Duties so received as aforesaid, in the Colonies which have no local Legislature, shall and may be applied in such Manner as shall be directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed, upon the Exportation from Newfoundland to Canada of Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce of the British Possessions in

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114. 915

South America or the West Indies, a Drawback of the full Duties «ons, exported

of Customs which shall have been paid upon the Importation

thereof from any of the said Places into Newfoundland, provided c^nlda"^0

Proof on Oath be made to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence such Rum or other Spirits shall be so exported, that the full Duties on the Importation of such Rum or other Spirits at the said Port had been paid, and that a Certificate be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at Quebec, that such Rum or other Spirits had been duly landed

in Canada: Provided always, that no Drawback shall be allowed Limitation as

upon any such Rum or other Spirits unless the same shall be to Rrawt>ack-

+shipped within One Year from the Day of the Importation of the same, nor unless such Drawback shall be duly claimed within One Year from the Day of such Shipment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Ship and Cargo Ship arriving in any of the British Possessions in America, or to be reported the Island of Mauritius, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alder- on Oath on ney or Sark, whether laden or in Ballast, shall come directly, Arnval *

and before Bulk be broken, to the Custom House for the Port Particulars of or District where he arrives, and there make a Report upon Oath eport* in Writing to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, of the Arrival and Voyage of such Ship, stating her Name,

Country and Tonnage, and if British the Port of Registry, the Name and Country of the Master, the Country of the Owners, the Number of the Crew, and how many are of the Country of such Ship, and whether she be laden or in Ballast, and if laden, the Marks, Numbers and Contents of every Package and Parcel of Goods on board, and where the same was laden, and where and to whom consigned, and where any and what Goods, if any, had been unladen during the Voyage, as far as any of such Particulars can be known to him; and the Master shall further answer upon Oath all such Questions concerning the Ship, and the Cargo and the Crew and the Voyage, as shall be demanded of him by such Officer; and if any Goods be unladen from any Ship before such Report be made, or if the Master fail to make such Report, or make an untrue Report, or do not truly answer False Report, the Questions demanded of him, he shall forfeit the Sum of One p^aity. hundred Pounds; and if any Goods be not reported, such Goods shall be forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Entry out-Ship bound from any British Possession in America, or the Island wards of Ship of Mauritius, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Por Cargo. Sark, shall, before any Goods be laden therein, deliver to the Particulars Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, an Entry out- of ElltrJr* wards under his Hand of the Destination of such Ship, stating padinrr before her Name, Country and Tonnage, and if British the Port of pntry° Registry, the Name and Country of the Master, the Country of

the Owners, the Number of the Crew, and how many are of the penalty.

Country of such Ship; and if any Goods be laden on board any

Ship before such Entry be made, the Master of such Ship shall

forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and before such Ship depart,

the Master shall bring and deliver to the Collector or Comptroller, content of

or other proper Officer, a Content in Writing under his Hand of Cargo on Oath

916

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

delivered before the Goods laden, and the Names of the respective Shippers and Departure. Consignees of the Goods, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages or Parcels of the same, and shall make Oath to the Truth of such Content as far as any of such Particulars can be known to him; and the Master of every Ship bound from any British Possession in America, or from the Island of Mauritius,

Clearance of Ship for the Voyage.

Master offending.

Penalty.

Newfoundland Fishing Certificates in lieu of Clearance, during the Fishing Season.

In what Case and how far Entry and Clearance not necessary.

At the End of the Season the Certificate to be delivered up.

or from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark,

(whether in Ballast or laden,) shall before Departure come before the Collector or Comptroller or other proper Officer, and answer upon Oath all such Questions concerning the Ship and the Cargo, if any, and the Crew and the Voyage, as shall be demanded of him by such Officer; and thereupon the Collector and Comptroller or other proper Officer, if such Ship be laden, shall make out and give to the Master a Certificate of the Clearance of such Ship for her intended Voyage, containing an Account of the total Quantities of the several Sorts of Goods laden therein, or a Certificate of her Clearance in Ballast, as the Case may be; and if the Ship shall depart without such Clearance, or if the Master shall deliver a false Content, or shall not truly answer the Questions demanded of him, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. Provided ahva}'s, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship shall be cleared out from any Port in Newfoundland or in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for the Fisheries on the Banks or Coasts of Newfoundland or Labrador, or the Dependencies thereof, without having on board any Article of Traffic (except only such Provisions, Nets, Tackle and other Things as are usually employed in and about the said Fishery, and for the Conduct and carrying on of the same), the Master of any such Ship shall be entitled to demand, from the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, a Certificate under his Hand that such Ship hath been specially cleared out for the Newfoundland Fishery, and such Certificate shall be in force for the Fishing Season of the Year in which the same maybe granted, and no longer; and upon the first Arrival in any Port in the said Colony of Newfoundland, or its Dependencies, of any Ship having on board any such Certificate as aforesaid, a Report thereof shall be made by the Master of such Ship to the principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, and all Ships having such Certificate which has been so reported, and being actually engaged in the said Fishery, or in carrying coastwise to be landed or put on board any other Ships engaged in the said Fishery, any Fish, Oil, Salt, Provisions or other Necessaries for the Use and Purposes thereof, shall be exempt from all Obligation to make any Entry at or obtain any Clearance from any Custom House at Newfoundland, upon Arrival at or Departure from any of the Ports or Harbours of the said Colony or its Dependencies during the Continuance of the Fishing Season for which such Certificate may have been granted; and previously to obtaining a Clearance at the End of such Season for any other Voyage at any of such Ports, the Master of such Ship shall deliver up the before mentioned Certificate to the principal Officer of the Customs of such Port: Provided always, that in case any such Ship .shall have on board, during t; he Time the same may be engaged

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114. 917

in the said Fishery, any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, other than Fish, Seals, Oil made of Fish or Seals, Salt, Provisions and other Things, being the Produce of or usually employed in the said Fishery, such Ship shall forfeit the said Fishing Certificate, and shall thenceforth. become and be subject and liable to all such and the same Rules, Restrictions and Regulations as Ships in general are subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be laden or waterborne to be laden on board any Ship, or unladen from any Ship in any of the British Possessions In America, or the Island of Mauritius, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, until due Entry shall have been made of such Goods, and Warrant granted for the lading or unlading of the same; and that no Goods shall be so laden or waterborne, or so unladen, except at some Place at which an Officer of the Customs is appointed to attend the lading and unlading of Goods, or at some Place for which a Sufferance shall be granted by the Collector and Comptroller for the lading and unlading of such Goods; and that no Goods shall be so laden or unladen except in the Presence or with the Permission in Writing of the proper Officer: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to make and appoint such other Regulations for the carrying coastwise of any Goods, or for the removing of any Goods for Shipment, as to them shall appear expedient; and that all Goods laden, Waterborne or unladen, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, or contrary to any Regulations so made and appointed, shall be forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Person entering any such Goods shall deliver to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, a Bill of the Entr}^ thereof, fairly written in Words at length containing the Name of the Exporter or Importer, and of the Ship, and of the Master, and of the Place to or from which bound, and of the Place within the Port where the Goods are to be laden or unladen, and the Particulars of the Quality and Quantity of the Goods, and the Packages containing the same, and the Marks and Numbers on the Packages, and such Person shall at the same Time pay down all Duties due upon the Goods, and the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officer, shall thereupon grant their Warrant for the lading or unlading of such Goods.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer of any Goods shall declare upon Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, that he cannot, for want of full Information, make perfect Entry thereof, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to receive an Entry by Bill of Sight for the Packages or Parcels of such Goods, by the best Description which can be given, and to grant a Warrant thereupon, in order that the same may be landed and secured to the Satisfaction of the Officer of the Customs, and at the Expence of the Importer, and may be seen and examined by such Importer in the Presence of the proper Officers; and within Three Days after the Goods shall have been so landed, the Importer shall make a perfect Entry thereof, and pay down all Duties due thereon; and in default of such Entry, such Goods shall be taken to the

8 N 3 King's

Ships trading to forfeit their Certificate.

Entry of Goods to be laden or unladen.

Regulation inwards and outwards.

Regulations

coastwise.

Forfeiture.

Particulars of Entry of Goods inwards and outwards delivered to Officer.

"Warrant for lading, &c.

Entry inwards by Bill of Sight.

Within Three Days after landing of Goods, -Entry to be made and Duties paid.

918

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

What. Goods subject to ad valorem Duty.

Value to be declared on Entry.

Mode of Proceeding if Goods be undervalued.

Proof of Invoice Price.

If necessary, Two Persons may be nominated to fix the Price.

King's Warehouse, and if the Importer shall not, within One Month after such Landing, make perfect Entry of such Goods, and pay the Duties due thereon, together with Charges of Removal and Warehouse Rent, such Goods shall be sold for the Payment thereof, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Proprietor of the Goods.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Articles into His Majesty's Possessions in America or the Island of Mauritius are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer of such Articles, or his known Agent, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say,)

4 J A.B. do hereby declare, that the Articles mentioned in the Entry, and contained in the Packages [here specifying the several Packages, and describing the several Marks and Numbers, as the Case may be'] are of the Value of

4 Witness my Hand the Day of A.B.

4 The above Declaration, signed, the Day of

4, in the Presence of C. D. Collector [or

other principal Officer.] '

Which Declaration shall be written on the Bill of Entry of such Articles, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Importer thereof, or his known Agent, in the Presence of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation; provided that if upon View and Examination of such Articles by the proper Officer of the Customs, it shall appear to him that the said Articles are not valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case the Importer, or his known Agent, shall be required to declare on Oath before the Collector or Comptroller what is the Invoice Price of such Articles, and that he verily believes such Invoice Price is the current Value of the Articles at the Place from whence the said Articles were imported; and such Invoice Price, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, shall be deemed to be the Value of the Articles, in lieu of the Value so declared by the Importer or his known Agent, and upon which the Duties imposed by this Act shall be charged and paid: Provided also, that if it shall appear to the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officer, that such Articles have been invoiced below the real and true Value thereof, at the Place from whence the same were imported, or if the Invoice Price is not known, the Articles shall in such Case be examined by Two competent Persons, to be nominated and appointed by the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Colony, Plantation or Island into which the said Articles are imported, and such Person shall declare on Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, what is the true and real Value of such Articles in such Colony, Plantation or Island, and the Value so declared on the Oaths of such Persons shall be deemed to be the true and real Value of such Articles, and upon which the Duties imposed by this Act shall be charged and paid.

C. 114.

919

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer of such Articles shall refuse to pay the Duties hereby imposed thereon, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs where such Articles shall be imported, and he is hereby respectively required to take and secure the same, with the Casks or other Package thereof, and to cause the same to be publicly sold within the Space of Twenty Days at the most after such Refusal made, and at such Time and Place as such Officer shall, by Four or more Days public Notice, appoint for that Purpose, which Articles shall be sold to the best Bidder; and the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall be applied in the first Place in Payment of the said Duties, together with the Charges that shall have been occasioned by the said Sale, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to such Importer or Proprietor, or any other Person authorized to receive the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Importer of any Goods shall, within Twenty Days after the Arrival of the importing Ship, make due Entry inwards of such Goods, and land the same; and in default of such Entry and Landing, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to convey such Goods to the King's Warehouse; and if the Duties due upon such Goods be not paid within Three Months after such Twenty Days shall have expired, together with all Charges of Removal and Warehouse Rent, the same shall be sold, and the Produce thereof shall be applied first to the Payment of Freight and Charges, next of Duties, and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to the Proprietor of the Goods.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be imported into any British Possession as being imported from the United Kingdom, or from any other British Possession (if any Advantage attach to such Distinction), unless such Goods appear upon the Cockets or other proper Documents for the same to have been duly cleared outwards at the Port of Exportation in the United Kingdom, or in such other British Possession, nor unless the Ground upon which such Advantage be claimed be stated in such Cocket or Document.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Entry nor any Warrant for the landing of any Goods, or for the taking of any Goods out of any Warehouse, shall be deemed valid, unless the Particulars of the Goods and Packages in such Entry shall correspond with the Particulars of the Goods and Packages purporting to be the same in the Report of the Ship, or in the Certificate or other Document, where any is required, by which the Importation or Entry of such Goods is authorized, nor unless the Goods shall have been properly described in such Entry by the Denominations, and with the Characters and Circumstances, according to which such Goods are charged with Duty, or may be imported; and any Goods taken or delivered out of any Ship or out of any Warehouse by virtue of any Entry or Warrant not corresponding or agreeing in all such Respects, or not property describing the same, shall be deemed to be Goods landed or taken without due Entry thereof, and shall be forfeited.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits or Mahogany shall be shipped for

3N 4 Exportation

If Importer refuse to pay Duty, Goods may be sold.

Application of Produce,

Goods not entered in Twenty Days, Officer may land and secure them.

Duties not paid within Three Months, Goods sold.

Goods imported from U. K. or British Possessions, must appear in Cocket, &c.

Entry not valid, if Particulars do not correspond, and Goods not properly described in it.

Forfeited.

Affidavit of Production for

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Sugar, Coffee, &c.

Justice unduly

attesting

Affidavit.

Penalty.

Oath of Exporter.

Oath of the Master.

Certificate of Production.

Importing without Certificate, forfeited,

Certificate of Production on Re-exportation from another Colony.

Exportation in any British Possession in America, or in the Island of Mauritius, as b£ing the Produce of such Possession or of such Island, the Proprietor of the Estate on which such Goods were produced, or his known Agent, shall make and sign an Affidavit in Writing before the Collector or Comptroller at the Port of Exportation, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other Officer duly authorized to administer such Oath, residing in or near the Place where such Estate is situated, declaring that such Goods are the Produce of such Estate; and such Affidavit shall set forth the Name of the Estate, and the Description and Quantity of the Goods, and the Packages containing the same, with the Marks and Numbers thereon, and the Name of the Person to whose Charge at the Place of Shipment they are to be sent; and if any Justice of the Peace, or other Officer aforesaid, shall subscribe his Name to any Writing, purporting to be such Affidavit, unless the Person purporting to make such Affidavit shall actually appear before him, and be sworn to the Truth of the same, such Justice of the Peace or Officer aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for any such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the Person entering and shipping such Goods shall deliver such Affidavit to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, and shall make Oath before him that the Goods which are to be shipped by virtue of such Entry are the same as are mentioned in such Affidavit; and the Master of the Ship in which such Goods shall be laden shall, before Clearance, make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, that the Goods shipped by virtue of such Entry are the same as are mentioned and intended in such Affidavit, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and thereupon the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officer, shall sign and give to the Master a Certificate of Production, stating that Proof has been made, in Manner required by Law, that such Goods (describing the same), are the Produce of such British Possession, or of such Island, and setting forth in such Certificate the Name of the Exporter, and of the exporting Ship, and of the Master thereof, and the Destination of the Goods; and if any Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Spirits be imported into any British Possession in America, or into the Island of Mauritius, as being the Produce of some other such Possession, or of such Island, without such Certificate of Production, the same shall be forfeited; and if any Mahogany be so imported, the same shall be deemed to be of Foreign Production.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits or Mahogany shall be shipped for Exportation in any British Possession in America as being the Produce of some other such Possession, or of the Island of Mauritius, or shall be so shipped in the said Island as being the Produce of some British Possession in America, the Person exporting the same shall in the Entry outwards state the Place of the Production, and refer to the Entry inwards and landing of such Goods, and shall make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller to the Identity of the same; and thereupon, if such Goods shall have been duly imported with a Certificate of Production, within Twelve Months prior to the shipping for Exportation, the Collector and Comptroller shall sign and give to the Master a

Certificate

6° GEO. IV. C. 114.

921

Certificate of Production founded upon and referring to the Certificate of Production under which such Goods had been so imported, and containing the like Particulars, together with the Date of such Importation.

i XXVIII. And Whereas it is expedient to make Regulation respecting the Inland Trade of the British Possessions in America Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to bring or import by Land, or by Inland Navigation, into any of the British Possessions in America, from any adjoining Foreign Country, any Goods which might be lawfully imported by Sea into such Possession from such Country, and so to bring or import such Goods in the Vessels, Boats or Carriages of such Country, as well as in British Vessels, Boats or Carriages.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel or Boat shall be admitted to be a British Vessel or Boat on any of the Inland Waters or Lakes in America, except such as shall have been built at some Place within the British Dominions, and shall be wholly owned by British Subjects, and shall not have been repaired at any Foreign Place to a greater Extent than in the Proportion of Ten Shillings for every Ton of such Vessel or Boat at any one Time: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend to prevent the Employment of any Vessel or Boat as a British Vessel or Boat, on such inland Waters or Lakes which shall have wholly belonged to British Subjects before the passing of this Act, and which shall not be repaired as aforesaid in any foreign Place after the passing of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful so to bring or import any Goods, except into some Port or Place of Entry at which a Custom House now is or hereafter may be lawfully established: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government of any of the said Possessions respectively, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Executive Council thereof for the Time being, if any Executive Council be there established, from time to time to diminish or increase, by Proclamation, the Number of Ports or Places of Entry, which are or hereafter may be appointed in such Province, for the Entry of Goods brought or imported as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act shall be ascertained, levied and recovered, for and upon all Goods so brought or imported, in the same Manner, and by the same Means, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the like Goods imported by Sea may and can be ascertained, levied or recovered, as far as the same are applicable; and if any Goods shall be brought or imported contrary hereto, or if any Goods so brought or imported shall be removed from the Station or Place appointed for the Examination of such Goods by the Officers of the Customs, before all Duties payable thereon shall have been paid or satisfied, such Goods shall be forfeited, together with the Vessel, Boat or Carriage, and the Horses or other Cattle, in or by which such Goods shall have been so imported or brought or so removed.

Goods brought over Land, or by Inland Navigation.

What Vessels shall be deemed British on the Lakes in America.

Goods must be brought where there is a Custom House.

Governors may appoint Custom Houses.

Duties collected as Goods im ported by Sea.

Unduly removing, Vessel, &c. forfeited.

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Duties in Canada and American Boats, as in America on British Boats.

Ports herein mentioned to be free warehousing Ports.

Notice of appointing Warehouses at such Ports.

Proviso.

Goods may be warehoused without Duty.

Stowage in Warehouse.

Locking and opening Warehouse.

Carrying Goods to and from Warehouse.

Bond on Entry of Goods to be warehoused.

XXXII. And be it farther enacted, That the same Tonnage Duties shall be paid upon all Vessels or Boats of the United States of America, importing any Goods into either of the Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, as are or may be for the Time being payable in the United States of America, on British Vessels or Boats entering the Harbours of the State from whence such Goods shall have been imported.

XXXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to constitute and ap-£ point some of the free Ports in America to be free warehousing Ports, for all Goods which may be legally imported into the said Ports respectively; and it is also expedient to empower His Majesty to constitute and appoint from time to time any other Ports in any of the said British Possessions in America to be in like Manner free warehousing Ports for such Goods as may be legally imported into such Ports respectively; and it is therefore necessary to make Regulations for the appointing of proper Warehouses at such Ports, and for the lodging and securing of Goods therein Be it therefore enacted, That the several Ports hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) Kingston in the Island of Jamaica, Halifax in Nova Scotia, Quebec in Canada, Saint Johns in New Brunswick, and Bridge Town in the Island of Barbadoes, shall be free warehousing Ports for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the several Collectors and Comptrollers of the said Ports respectively, by Notice in Writing under their Hand, to appoint from time to time such Warehouses, at such Ports respectively as shall be approved of by them, for the free warehousing and securing of Goods therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and also in such Notice to declare what Sorts of Goods may be so warehoused, and also by like Notice to revoke or alter any such Appointment or Declaration: Provided always, that every such Notice shall be transmitted to the Governor of the Place, and shall be published in such Manner as he shall direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Importer of any such Goods into the said Ports, to warehouse the same in the Warehouses so appointed, without Payment of any Duty on the First Entry thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions hereinafter contained.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods so warehoused shall be stowed in such Parts or Divisions of the Warehouse, and in such Manner as the Collector and Comptroller shall direct; and that the warehouse shall be locked and secured in such Manner, and shall be opened and visited only at such Time, and in the Presence of such Officers, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Collector and Comptroller shall direct; and that all such Goods shall, after being landed upon Importation, be carried to the Warehouse, or shall, after being taken out of the Warehouse for Exportation, be carried to be shipped, under such Rules and Regulations as the Collector and Comptroller shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry of any Goods to be warehoused, the Importer of such Goods, instead of paying down the Duties due thereon, shall give Bond with Two

sufficient

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114.

923

sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector or Comptroller, in treble the Duties payable on such Goods, with Condition for the safe depositing of such Goods in the Warehouse mentioned in such Entry, and for the Payment of all Duties due upon such Goods, or for the Exportation thereof, according to the First Account taken of such Goods upon the landing of the same; and with further Condition, that no Part thereof shall be taken out of such Warehouse until cleared from thence upon due Entry and Payment of Duty, or upon due Entry for Exportation; and with further Condition, that the whole of such Goods shall be so cleared from such Warehouse; and the Duties, upon any Deficiency of the Quantity according to such First Account, shall be paid within Two Years from the Date of the First Entry thereof; and if after such Bond shall have been given, the Goods Purchaser of or any Part thereof shall be sold or disposed of, so that the Goods may give original Bonder shall be no longer interested in or have Controul inJjeu

over the same, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller or, Slna on to admit fresh Security to be given by the Bond of the new Proprietor or other Person having Controul over such Goods, with his sufficient Sureties, and to cancel the Bond given by the original Bonder of such Goods, or to exonerate him to the Extent of the fresh Securit}^ so given.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods which Goods not duly have been entered to be warehoused shall not be duly carried and warehoused, deposited in the Warehouse, or shall afterwards be taken out of &c* forfeited, the Warehouse without due Entry and Clearance, or having been

entered and cleared for Exportation from the Warehouse, shall not be duly carried and shipped, or shall afterwards be relanded, except with Permission of the proper Officer of the Customs, such Goods shall be forfeited.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry and Account of Landing of any Goods to be Warehoused, the proper Officer of Goods taken the Customs shall take a particular Account of the same, and on landing* shall mark the Contents on each Package, and shall enter the

same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and no Goods NoGoodstaken which have been so warehoused shall be taken or delivered from out without the Warehouse, except upon due Entry, and under Care of the Entl7-proper Officers for Exportation, or upon due Entry and Payment of Duty for Home Use; and whenever the whole of the Goods warehoused under airy Entry shall be cleared from the Warehouse, or whenever further Time shall be granted for any such Deficiencies Goods to remain warehoused, an Account shall be made out of ascertained, the Quantity upon which the Duties have been paid, and of the Quantity exported, and of the Quantity (to be then ascertained) of the Goods still remaining in the Warehouse, as the Case may be, deducting from the whole the Quantity contained in any whole Packages (if any) which may have been abandoned for the Duties; and if upon such Account there shall in either Case ap- Duties upois pear to be any Deficiency of the original Quantity, the Duty pay- Deficiencies, able upon the Amount of such Deficiency shall then be paid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawYul for Samples may the Collector and Comptroller, under such Regulations as they be taken with-shall see fit, to permit moderate Samples to be taken of any out Duty. Goods so warehoused without Entry, and without Payment of

Duty

924;

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Goods may be sorted and re> packed.

Duty due on first Quantity.

Whole Packages abandoned for Duty.

Goods to be cleared within Two Years, or sold.

Further Time may be granted.

Bond on Entry for Exportation.

Power to appoint other Ports.

Goods from Mauritius liable to same Duties and Regulations as West India Goods.

Duty, except as the same shall eventually become payble, as on a Deficiency of the original Quantity.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller, under such Regulations as they shall see fit, to permit the Proprietor or other Person having Controul over any Goods so warehoused, to sort, separate, and pack and repack any such Goods, and to make such lawful Alterations therein, or Arrangements and Assortments thereof, as may be necessary for the Preservation of such Goods, or in order to the Sale, Shipment or legal Disposal of the same; and also to permit any Parts of such Goods so separated to be destroyed, but without Prejudice to the Cla; m for Duty upon the whole original Quantity of such Goods: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person to abandon any whole Packages to the Officers of the Customs for the Duties without being liable to any Duty upon the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods which have been so warehoused shall be duly cleared either for Exportation or for Home Consumption, within Two Years from the Day of the First Entry thereof; and if any such Goods be not so cleared, it shall- be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to cause the same to be sold, and the Produce shall be applied, first to the Payment of the Duties, next of Warehouse Rent and other Charges, and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor; Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to grant further Time for any such Goods to remain warehoused, if they shall see fit so to do.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Entry outwards of any Goods to be exported from the VvTarehouse, the Person entering the same shall give Security by Bond in treble the Duties of Importation on the Quantity of such Goods, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the Collector or Comptroller, that the same shall be landed at the Place for which they be entered outwards, or be otherwise accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council from time to time to appoint any Port in His Majesty's Possessions in America, to be a free warehousing Port for the Purposes of this Act; and every such Port so appointed by His Majesty shall be a free warehousing Port under this Act as if appointed by the same, in as full and ample a Manner, in all respects, as any of the Ports hereinbefore mentioned are free warehousing Ports appointed by this Act.

XLIV. And Whereas it is expedient that all Duties and Regulations, relating to Importation and Exportation into and from ' His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, should be extended to the Island of Mauritius Be it therefore enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Mauritius, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall have been imported into the said Island of Mauritius, and which shall be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or into any Possessions of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be liable, upon such Importation into the United Kingdom, or into any

6° GEO. IV.

C, 114.

925

such Possessions respectively, to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations as the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, and imported into the said United Kingdom, or into any such Possessions respectively, would on such Importation be liable to the Payment of or would be subject unto; and that upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the United Kingdom to the Island of Mauritius, such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be liable to the same Duties, and shall be entitled to the like Drawbacks respectively, as would or ought by Law to be charged or allowed upon the like Goods exported from the United Kingdom to any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies; and that all Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall be imported into or exported from the said Island of Mauritius, from or to any Place whatever, other than the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall, upon such Importation or Exportation respectively, be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, so far as any such Regulations can or may be applied, as the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize would be liable to the Payment of, or would be subject to, upon Importation or Exportation into or from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies; and that all Ships and Vessels whatever, which shall arrive at or depart from the said Island of Mauritius, shall be liable to the Payment of the same Duties, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, as such Ships or Vessels would be liable to the Payment of, or would be subject to, if arriving at or departing from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Subjects of the King of the Netherlands, being Dutch Proprietors, in the Colonies of Demerara and Essequibo, and of Berbice, to import in Dutch Ships, from the Netherlands into the said Colonies, all the usual Articles of Supply for their Estates therein; and also Wine imported for the Purposes of Medicine only, and which shall be liable to a Duty of Ten Shillings per Ton, and no more; and in case Seizure be made of any Articles so imported, upon the Ground that they are not such Supplies, or are for the Purpose of Trade, the Proof to the contrary shall lie on the Dutch Proprietor importing the same, and not on the seizing Officer: Provided always, that if sufficient Security by Bond be given in Court to abide the Decision of the Commissioners of Customs upon such Seizure, the Goods so seized shall be admitted to Entry and released.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for such Dutch Proprietors to export the Produce of their Estates to the United Kingdom, or to any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands resident in His said Majesty's European Dominions, who were at the Date of the Signature of the Convention between His late Majesty King George the Third and the King of the Netherlands, -dated the Twelfth of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, Proprietors of

Estates

The like as to Ships.

Dutch Proprietors in Demerara, Essequibo and Berbice, may supply their Estates from the Netherlands.

Proviso.

Exportation by Dutch Proprietors.

What Persons deemed Dutch Proprietors.

Proprietors of Estates.

Holders of Mortgages.

Proviso.

No British Ship to sail between Jamaica and Saint Domingo. Penalty.

Foreign Ships.

Persons from Saint Domingo landed in Jamaica.

Penalty.

Colonial Laws repugnant to Act of Parliament, null.

Officers may board Ships hovering on the Coast; and examine Cargo and Master upon Oath.

C. 114. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Estates in the said Colonies, and all Subjects of His said Majesty who may hereafter become possessed of Estates then belonging to Dutch Proprietors therein, and all such Proprietors as being then resident in the said Colonies and being Natives of His Majesty's Dominions in the Netherlands, may have declared, within Three Months after the Publication of the aforesaid Convention in the said Colonies, that they wish to continue to be considered as such, and all Subjects of His said Majesty the King of the Netherlands who may be the Holders of Mortgages of Estates in the said Colonies made prior to the Date of the Convention, and who may under their Mortgage Deeds have the Right of exporting from the said Colonies to the Netherlands the Produce of such Estates, shall be deemed Dutch Proprietors under the Provisions of this Act; provided that where both Dutch and British Subjects have Mortgages upon the same Property in the said Colonies, the Produce to be consigned to the different Mortgages shall be in proportion to the Debts respectively due to them.

NLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no British Merchant Ship or Vessel shall sail from any Place in the Island of Jamaica to any Place in the Island of Saint Domingo, nor from any Place in the Island of Saint Domingo to any Place in the Island of Jamaica, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Ship or Vessel, together with her Cargo; and that no Foreign Ship or Vessel which shall have come from, or shall in the Course of her Voyage have touched at any such Place in the Island of Saint Domingo, shall come into any Port or Harbour in the Island of Jamaica; and if any such Ship or Vessel, having come into any such Port or Harbour, shall continue there for Forty eight Hours after Notice shall have been given by the Officer of the Customs to depart therefrom, such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited; and if any Person shall be landed in the Island of Jamaica from on board any Ship or Vessel which shall have come from or touched at the Island of Saint Domingo, except in case of urgent Necessity, or unless Licence shall have been given by the Governor of Jamaica to land such Person, such Ship shall be forfeited, together with her Cargo.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Laws, Bye Laws, Usages or Customs at this Time, or which hereafter shall be in practice, or endeavoured or pretended to be in force or practice, in any of the British Possessions in America, which are in any wise repugnant to this Act, or to any Act of Parliament made or hereafter to be made in the United Kingdom, so far as such Act shall relate to and mention the said Possessions, are and shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Customs to go on board any Ship in any Port in any British Possession in America, and to rummage and search all Parts of such Ship for prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and also to go on board any Ship hovering within One League of any of the Coasts thereof, and in either Case freely to stay on board such Ship so long as she shall remain in such Port, or within such Distance; and if any such Ship be bound elsewhere, and shall continue so hovering for the Space of Twenty four Hours after the Master shall have been required to depart, it shall be lawful

for

6° GEO. IV. C. 114.

927

for the Officer of the Customs to bring such Ship into Port, and to search and examine her Cargo, and to examine the Master upon Oath touching the Cargo and Voyage, and if there be any Goods on board prohibited to be imported into such Possession, such Ship and her Cargo shall be forfeited; and if the Master shall not truly answer the Questions which shall be demanded of him in such Examination, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels, Boats and Carriages, and all Cattle made use of in the Removal of any Goods liable to Forfeiture under this Act, shall be forfeited, and every Person who shall assist or be otherwise concerned in the Unshipping, Landing or Removal, or in the Harbouring of such Goods, or into whose Hands or Possession the same shall knowingly come, shall forfeit the Treble Value thereof, or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Officers of the Customs; and the Averment in any Information or Libel to be exhibited for the Recovery of such Penalty, that the Officer proceeding has elected to sue for the Sum mentioned in the Information, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of such Election, without any other or further Evidence of such Fact.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, and all Ships, Vessels and Baots, and all Carriages, and all Cattle liable to Forfeiture under this Act, shall and may be seized and secured by any Officer of the Customs or Navy, or by any Person employed for that Purpose, by or with the Concurrence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; and every Person who shall in any way hinder, oppose, molest or obstruct any Officer of the Customs or Navy, or any Person so employed as aforesaid, in the Exercise of his Office, or any Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That under Authority of a Writ of Assistance granted by the Superior or Supreme Court of Justice, or Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the Place (who are hereby authorized and required to grant such Writ of Assistance, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the principal Officers of His Majesty's Customs), it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, taking with him a Peace Officer, to enter any Building or other Place in the Daytime, and to search for and seize and secure any Goods liable to Forfeiture under this Act; and in case of Necessity, to break open any Doors and any Chests or other Packages for that Purpose; and such Writ of Assistance, when issued, shall be deemed to be in force during the whole of the Reign in which the same shall have been granted, and for Twelve Months from the Conclusion of such Reign.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall by force or Violence assault, resist, oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct any Officer of the Customs or Navy, or other Person employed as aforesaid, in the Exercise of his Office, or any Person acting in- his Aid or Assistance, such Person, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be proceeded against as such, and punished at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Person shall be tried.

False Answer. Penalty.

Vessels, Carriages, &c. removing Goods liable to Forfeiture.

Penalty.

Goods, &c. liable to Forfeiture, may be seized by Officers.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty.

Writ of Assistance to search for and seize Goods liable to Forfeiture.

How long such Writ in force.

Obstruction of Officers by Force.

Felony.

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Goods seized to be secured at next Custom House.

Goods seized to be sold by Auction.

Application of Produce.

Jurisdiction for Prosecution of Seizures and Penalties.

Security may be taken for Goods or Ships seized.

Bond kept by Officers,

cancelled.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Things which shall be seized as being liable to Forfeiture under this Act, shall be taken forthwith and delivered into the Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Custom House next to the Place where the same were seized, who shall secure the same by such Means and in such Manner as shall be provided and directed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Things which shall have been condemned as forfeited under this Act shall, under the Direction of the Collector and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Seizures shall have been secured, be sold by public Auction to the best Bidder: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs to direct in what Manner the Produce of such Sale shall be applied, or in lieu of such Sale, to direct that any of such Things shall be destroyed or shall be reserved for the Public Service.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which may have been heretofore or may be hereafter incurred, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for and recovered in any Court of Record or of Vice Admiralty, having Jurisdiction in the Colony or Plantation where the cause of Prosecution arises, and in Cases where there shall happen to be no such Courts, then in any Court of Record or of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in some British Colony or Plantation near to that where the Cause of Prosecution arises; provided that in Cases where a Seizure is made in any other Colony than that where the Forfeiture accrues, such Seizure may be prosecuted in any Court of Record or of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction either in the Colony or Plantation where the Forfeiture accrues, or in the Colony or Plantation where the Seizure is made, at the Election of the Seizor or Prosecutor; and in Cases where there shall happen to be no such Courts in either of the last mentioned Colonies or Plantations, then in the Court of Record or Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in some British Colony or Plantation near to that where the Forfeiture accrues, or to that wdiere the Seizure is made, at the Election of the Seizor or Prosecutor.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods or any Ship or Vessel shall be seized as forfeited under this Act, or any Act hereafter to be made, and detained in any of the British Possessions in America, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of any Court having Jurisdiction to try and determine such Seizures, with the Consent of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, to order the Delivery thereof on Security by Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be first approved by such Collector and Comptroller, to answer Double the Value of the same in case of Condemnation; and such Bond shall be taken to the Use of His Majesty in the Name of the Collector of the Customs in whose Custody the Goods or the Ship or Vessel may be lodged, and such Bond shall be delivered and kept in the joint Custody of such Collector and his Comptroller, and in case the Goods or the Ship or Vessel shall be condemned, the Value thereof shall be paid into the Hands of such Collector, who shall thereupon, with the Consent or Privity of his Comptroller, cancel such Bond.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114.

929

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Suit shall be corn- Suits com., menced for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture under this menced in Act, except in the Name of some superior Officer of the Cus- Name of Of-toms or Navy, or other Person employed as hereinbefore men- °c^Cus' tioned, or of His Majesty's Advocate or Attorney General for the *

Place where such Suit shall be commenced; and if a Question

shall arise whether any Person is an Officer of the Customs or

Navy, or such other Person as aforesaid, viva voce Evidence may -Evidence of

be given of such Fact, and shall be deemed legal and sufficient beino- Officer.

Evidence.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods shall be Onus probandi seized for Nonpayment of Duties or any other Cause of Forfeit- on Party-ure, and any Dispute shall arise whether the Duties have been paid for the same, or the same have been lawfully imported, or lawfully laden or exported, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not on the Officer who shall seize and stop the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Claim to any Thing Claim to Tiling seized under this Act, and returned into any of His Majesty's seized, entered Courts for Adjudication, shall be admitted, unless such Claim be Name °t entered in the Name of the Owner, with his Residence and Oc- vvnei* cupation, nor unless Oath to the Property in such Thing be made by the Owner, or by his Attorney or Agent by whom such Claim shall be entered, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and False Oath to every Person making a false Oath thereto shall be deemed guilty Property, of a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties Misdemeanor, to which Persons are liable for a Misdemeanor.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be No Person ad-admitted to enter a Claim to any Thing seized in pursuance of muted to enter this Act, and prosecuted in any of the British Possessions in ^ja.^s^r. America, until sufficient Security shall have been given, in the 1 iG3 c

i J i -n t i unless becunty

Court where such Seizure is prosecuted, in a Penalty not exceed- first given. ing Sixty Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and in default of giving such Security, such Things shall be adjudged to be forfeited, and shall be condemned.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Writ shall be A Month's No-sued out against, nor a Copy of any Process served upon any tice of Action

Officer of the Customs or Navy, or other Person as aforesaid, to S, ven to

for any Thing done in the Exercise of his Office, until One Ca- ceis* lendar Month after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or left at his usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney or Agent to the Party who intends tos ue out such Writ or Process; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of the Particulars of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to Notice, bring such Action, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Attorney or Agent; and no Evidence of the Cause of such Action shall be produced, except of such as shall be contained in such Notice, and no Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff, unless he shall prove on the Trial that such Notice was given; and in default of such Proof, the Defendant shall receive in such Action a Verdict and Costs. Costs.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Action Limitation of shall be brought within Three Calendar Months after the Cause s^icil Actions, thereof, and shall be laid and tried in the Place or District where 6 Geo. IV. 3 0 the

930

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Judge may certify probable Cause of Sei-

Damages, Costs and Fines.

Officer may tender Amends.

Proviso.

Judge may certify probable Cause of Action.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Exceptions.

the Facts were committed, and the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue the Action, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall receive Treble Costs and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant can have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Information or Suit shall be brought to Trial on account of any Seizure made under this Act, and a Verdict shall be found for the Claimant thereof, and the Judge or Court before whom the Cause shall have been tried, shall certify on the Record that there was probable Cause of Seizure, the Claimant shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Person who made such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and if any Action, Indictment or other Suit or Prosecution shall be brought to Trial against any Person on account of such Seizure, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant, the Plaintiff besides the Thing seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to more than Two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined more than One Shilling.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Officer, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, to tender Amends to the Party complaining or his Agent, and to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action, together with other Pleas; and if the Jury shall find the Amends sufficient, they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinued his Action, or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant upon Demurrer, then such Defendant shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the General Issue only: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Defendant, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay Money into Court as in other Actions.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any such Action, if the Judge or Court before whom such Action shall be tried, shall certify upon the Record that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action acted upon probable Cause, then the Plaintiff in such Action shall not be entitled to more than Two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures recovered in any of the British Possessions in America under this Act, shall be divided, paid and applied as follows; (that is to say,) after deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the Produce thereof, One third Part of the net Produce shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of His Majesty's Customs at the Port or Place where such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered for the Use of His Majesty; One third Part to the Governor or Commander in Chief of the said Colony or Plantation, and the other Third Part to the Person who shall seize, inform and sue for the same; excepting such Seizures as shall be made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of His Majesty's Ships of

War,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 114.

931

War, duly authorized to make Seizures, One Moiety of which Seizures and of the Penalties and Forfeitures recovered thereon, first deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the gross Produce thereof, shall be paid as aforesaid to the Collector of His Majesty's Customs to and for the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall seize, inform and sue for the same, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary [notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to such Distribution of the Produce of the Seizures so made at Sea, as well with regard to the Moiety hereinbefore granted to His Majesty as with regard to the other Moiety given to the Seizor or Prosecutor, as His Majesty shall think fit to order and direct by any Order or Orders of Council, or by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be made for that Purpose.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions or Suits Limitation of for the Recovery of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed Suits* by this Act may be commenced or prosecuted at any Time within Three Years after the Offence committed, by reason whereof such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred; any Law,

Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Appeal shall be pro- Limitation of secuted from any Decree or Sentence of any of His Majesty's Appeals. Courts in America, touching any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, unless the Inhibition shall be applied for and decreed within Twelve Months from the Time when such Decree or Sentence was pronounced.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons authorized Proviso for to make Seizures under an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Persons autho-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and nz.ed to make consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade, shall, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, have the Benefit of all the Provisions granted to Persons authorized to make Seizures under this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Application of feitures created by the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Penalties under present Majesty, whether pecuniary or specific, shall (except in 5G.4. c.ll3. Cases specially provided for by the said Act), go and belong to such Persons as are authorized by that Act to make Seizures, in such Shares, and shall and may be sued for and prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed and applied in such and the like Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as any Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in Great Britain, and in the B?'itish Possessions in America respectively now go and belong to, and may be sued, prosecuted, tried, recovered and distributed, respectively in Great Britain, or in the said Possessions, under and by virtue of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful King in for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, Council may by any Order or Orders in Council to be issued from time to reSu5ate time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touch- Trade' mg the Trade and Commerce to and from any British Possessions on or near the Continent of Europe, or within the Mediterranean Sea, or in Africa, or within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter (excepting the Possessions of the said Company),

3 0 2 as

9 3'2

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Goods imported, &c. contrary, forfeited.

E. I.C. may carry Goods from India to Colonies.

Proviso for private Trade to China and in Tea.

Certificate of Production of East India Sugar.

Proviso for 07 G.

c. 1 1 7.

Shipsbuilt prior to ] st January 1816, deemed British Ships within certain Limits.

as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; and if any Goods shall be imported or exported in any Manner contrary to any such Order of Idis Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship importing or exporting the same.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the East India Company to trade in and export from any Place within the Limits of their Charter, any Goods for the Purpose of being carried to some of His Majesty's Possessions in America, and so to carry and to import the same into any of such Possessions; and also to carry return Cargoes from such Possessions to any Place within the Limits of their Charter, or to the United Kingdom; and that it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, with the Licence in Writing granted by or under the Authority of the said Company, to lade in and export from any of the Dominions of the Emperor of China any Goods, and to lade in and export from any Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter any Tea, for the Purpose of being carried to some of His Majesty's Possessions in America, and also so to carry and to import the same into any of such Possessions.

I, XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, being the Shipper of any Sugar the Produce of some British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, to be exported from any Place in such Possession, to go before the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such Place, or if there be no such Officer of the Customs, to go before the principal Officer of such Place, or the Judge or Commercial Resident of the District, and make and sign an Affidavit before him, that such Sugar was really and bona fide the Produce of such British Possession, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and such Officer, Judge or Resident is hereby authorized and required to administer such Affidavit, and to grant a Certificate thereof, setting forth in such Certificate the Name of the Ship in which the Sugar is to be exported, and the Destination of the same.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any other Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, shall extend to repeal or in any way alter or affect an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty; nor to revoke, alter or affect, any Regulations formed under the Authority of that Act, and which were in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships built at any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, prior to the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and which then were and have continued ever since to be solely the Property of Elis Majesty's Subjects, shall be deemed to be British Ships for all the Purposes of Trade within the said

" in this Act,

Limits, including the Cape of Good Hope; any Thin

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 111.

933

Act, or in any other Act or Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Certificate of for the Shipper of any Wine, the Produce of the Cape of Good c^wiDe fyr Hope, or of its Dependencies, which is to be exported from Exportation of thence, to go before the Chief Officer of the Customs, and make and sign an Affidavit before him, that such Wine was really and bona fide the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, or of its Dependencies; and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer such Affidavit, and to grant a Certificate thereof, setting forth in such Certificate the Name of the Ship in which the Wine is to be exported, and the Destination of the same.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Certificate of for any Person who is about to export from any of the Islands Production of of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, to the United Kingdom, Goods in or to any of the British Possessions in America, any Goods of the Guernsey, &c. Growth or Produce of any of those Islands, or any Goods manu- or 'xpor lon factored from Materials which were the Growth or Produce thereof, or of the United Kingdom, to go before any Magistrate of the Island from which the Goods are to be exported, and make and sign before him an Affidavit that such Goods, describing the same, are of such Growth or Produce, or of such Manufacture, and such Magistrate shall administer and sign such Affidavit; and thereupon the Governor, Lieutenant Go- Certificate of vernor or Commander in Chief of the Island from which the Proof.

Goods are to be exported, shall, upon the Delivery to him of such Affidavit, grant a Certificate under his Hand of the Proof contained in such Affidavit, stating the Ship in which and the Port to which, in the United Kingdom or in an}^ such Possession, the Goods are to be exported; and such Certificate shall be the proper Document to be produced at such Ports respectively, in proof that the Goods mentioned therein are of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of such Islands respectively.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law- Tea and To-ful to import into any of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney kacco imported or Sark, any Tea, nor any Tobacco, except from the United lllto Guernsey, Kingdom; and if any Tea or any Tobacco shall be brought into x/k* forfeited1 any of the said Islands, from any other Place than from the United Kingdom, or not having been duly entered and cleared in the United Kingdom, to be exported to such Island, the same shall be forfeited.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Brandy, Geneva Guernsey, &c. or other Spirits, except Rum of the B?'itish Plantations, shall be Tonnage of imported into or exported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey Ships and Pack-Alderney or Sark, or either of them, or removed from any one to a?e G°ods; any other of the said Islands, or coastwise from any one Part to vu' piri s* any other Part of either of the said Islands, or shall be shipped, in order to be so removed or carried, or shall be waterborne, for the Purpose of being so shipped in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Cask or Package of less Size or Content than Forty Gallons; nor any Tobacco or Tobacco Snuff, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Cask or Package containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight (save and except any such

3 0 3 Spirits

C. 114.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

934

Wine,

forfeiture of Ship,

Proviso for Vessels of the Tonnage and Description herein mentioned.

No Fee for Licence.

Boats exceeding Tonnage, &c. forfeited.

Wine may be imported into Guernsey, &c. in Cases, &c.

On Exportation of Wine in Bottles, Bond to be given.

Spirits or loose Tobacco as shall be for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons of the former, and Five Pounds Weight of the latter, for each Seaman: and also except such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff as shall have been duly exported as Merchandize from Great Britain or Ireland), nor shall any Wine be imported into or exported from the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or either of them, or carried from any one of the said Islands to any other thereof, or coastwise, from any one Part to any other Part of the said Islands, or be shipped, or waterborne for the Purpose of being shipped in any Ship, Vessel or Boat of less Burthen than Sixty Tons, or in any Cask containing less than Twenty Gallons, or any Package containing less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles, on pain of Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Geneva or other Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff or Wine respectively, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same; and also every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture and Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject to Forfeiture or Seizure, under any of the Provisions of this Act, any Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, for having on board at any one Time any Foreign Sprits of the Quantity of Ten Gallons or under, in Casks or Packages of less Size or Content than Forty Gallons; or any Tobacco, Snuff or Tea, not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of each, for the Supply of the said Island of Sark, such Boat having a Licence from the proper Officer of Customs at either of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, and for the Purpose of being employed in carrying Commodities for the Supply of the said Island of Sark, which Licence such Officer of Customs is hereby required to grant, without taking any Fee or Reward for the same: Provided always, that every such Boat having on board at any one Time any greater Quantity of Spirits than Ten Gallons, or any greater Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff than Fifty Pounds Weight of each of the said Articles, unless such greater Quantity of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be in Casks or Packages of the Size, Content or Weight hereinbefore required, or having on board at any one Time any greater Quantity of Tea than Fifty Pounds Weight, shall be forfeited.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Importation into, or Exportation from, the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or either of them, of any Wine in Bottles shipped in Cases or Casks only, each containing at least Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles: Provided always, that before any such Wine in Bottles shall be shipped for Exportation to or for Great Britain, or Ireland, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in or on board of which such Wine shall be so intended to be exported, together with One other sufficient Surety, shall give Bond in the Penalty of

Forty

6° GEO. IV. C. 114, 115.

935

Forty Shillings per Gallon, that the Wine so shipped shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be duly entered and landed fit the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland to or for which the same shall be declared at the Time of giving such Bond (which Bond and Declaration the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs is hereby authorized and empowered to take); and such Officer is required to furnish the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel or Boat in which any such Wine may be, with a Certificate specifying the Number of such Packages as aforesaid, and the Quantity of Wine contained in each, the Date of the Bond, and the Name of the Port or Place to or for which the same shall be so declared; and such Bond so given as aforesaid shall not be delivered up or cancelled until a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Customs in Great Britain or Ireland, of the due landing of the Wine mentioned therein, shall be produced to and left with the Officer taking the said Bond within Three Months after the Date of such Bond.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hall be found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under any Act relating to the Revenue of Customs, for being found within One League of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, having on board, or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or having had on board, or in any Manner attached or affixed thereto, or conveying or having conveyed, in any Manner, such Goods or other Things as subject such Vessel or Boat to Forfeiture, or who shall be found or discovered to have been on board any Vessel or Boat from which any Part of the Cargo shall have been thrown overboard during Chace, or staved or destroyed, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to re-export, from any of His Majesty's Possessions abroad to any Foreign Place, any Coals the Produce of the United Kingdom; and that no such Coals shall be shipped at any of such Possessions, to be exported to any British Place, until the Exporter or the Master of the exporting Vessel shall have given Bond, with One sufficient Surety in Double the Value of the Coals, that such Coals shall not be landed at any Foreign Place.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act. to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man.

[5th July 1825.]

"VI T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws ' relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed (through a long series of Years; and it is therefore highly ex-

3 0 4 4 pedient,

Certificate of Packages.

Cancellation of Bond.

Persons found on board Vessels liable to Forfeiture with in One League of Guernsey, &c.

Penalty.

British Coals not to be reexported from British Possessions.

Bond, &c.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

c. 105. § 1. ante.

936 C. 115. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

pedient, for the Interests of Commerce and the Ends of Jus tice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all Per-k sons who may be subject to the Operation of those Laws, or' who may be authorized to act in Execution thereof, that all the ' Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed,

and that the Purposes for which they have from time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments, exhibiting ' more perspicuously and compendiously the various Provisions contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act the various Acts made for the Regulation of the Customs of the Isle of ' Man will be repealed: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for the future Regulations of the Trade of the said Isle after such Repeal shall have Effect, to the Intent that the Inhabitants of the said Isle may import Articles of Foreign Productions sufficient for their own Use and Consumption, and may export the Productions and Manufactures of the said Isle without Risk to the Revenue of the United Kingdom or Injury to the Trade thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Commence- liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from

ment of Act. and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred

and twenty six, this Act and every Thing contained therein shall come into and be and become in full Force and Operation, for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man.

Duties specified II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, in Table pay- collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at'on°* V"g^ie severa^ Duties of Customs as the same are respectively set fntcHsle of°tb m Figures in the Table hereinafter contained, denominated

Man. " Table of Duties," upon Importation into the Isle of Man, of the

several Goods, Wares and Merchandize, according to the Quantity or Value thereof specified in such Table, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity or Value of the same; (that is to say,)

TABLE OF DUTIES.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into the Isle of Man.

£ s. d.

Coals, from the United Kingdom, the Chaldron w.m. 0 0 3

Coffee - the lb. 0 0 4

Hemp, from Foreign Parts for every 100/. of the

Value thereof 10 0 0

Hops, from the United Kingdom the lb. 0 0 H

Iron, from Foreign Parts for every 100/. of the

Value thereof 10 0 0

Spirits, viz.

Foreign Brandy - the Gallon 0 4 6

Foreign Geneva - the Gallon 0 4 6

Rum of the British Plantations the Gallon 0 3 0

Sugar, Muscovado the cwt. 0 1 0

Tea, viz.

Bohea the lb. 0 0 6

6° GEO. IV. C. 115.

937

£ s. d.

Tea, Green the lb. 0 1 0

Tobacco - the lb. 0 1 6

Wine; viz.

French - the Tun of 252 Gallons 16 0 0

any other Sort the Tun of 252 Gallons 12 0 0

Wood, from Foreign Parts; viz.

Deal Boards for every 100/. of the

Value thereof 10 0 0

Timber, - - for every 100/. of the

Value thereof 10 0 0

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported from the United Kingdom, and entitled to any Bounty or Drawback of Excise on Exportation from thence, and not hereinbefore enumerated or charged with Duty - - for every 100/. of the

Value thereof

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported from the United Kingdom, and not hereinbefore charged with Duty

for every 100/. of the Value thereof Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported from any Place from whence such Goods may be lawfully imported into the Isle of Man, and not hereinbefore charged with Duty - for every 100/. of the Value thereof -

5 0 0

2 10 0

15 0 0

Except the several Goods, Vkires and Merchandize following, Exemptions, and which are to be imported into the Isle of Man, Duty free;

(that is to say,)

Flax, Flax Seed, Raw or Brown Linen Yarn, Wood Ashes, Certain Goods Weed Ashes, Flesh of all Sorts; also Corn, Grain or Meal in any Ship of Sorts when importable; any of which Goods, Wares or from any Place. Merchandize may be im portedinto the said Isle from any Place in any Ship or Vessel,

Any Sort of White or Brown Linen Cloth, Hemp, Hemp Seed, British Goods Horses, Black Cattle, Sheep, all Utensils and Instruments fit in British Ships and necessary to be employed in Manufactures, in Fisheries from United or in Agriculture, Bricks, Tiles, all Sorts of young Trees, Sea Kingdom-Shells, Lime, Soapers, Waste, Packthread, small Cordage for Nets, Salt, Boards, Timber, Wood Hoops, being the Growth,

Production or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, and imported from thence in British Ships.

Iron in Rods or Bars, Cotton, Indigo, Naval Stores and any British Colonial Sort of Wood commonly called Lumber (viz. Deals of all 9oods.in Bri' Sorts, Timber, Balks of all Sizes, Barrel Boards, Clap Boards, Ships from Pipe Boards or Pipe Hold, White Boards for Shoemakers, S '

Broom and Cant Spars, Bow Staves, Capravan, Clap Holt,

Ebony Wood, Headings for Pipes and for Hogsheads and for Barrels, Hoops for Coopers, Oars, Pipe and Hogshead Staves,

Barrel Staves, Firkin Staves, Trunnels, Speckled Wood, Sweet Wood, small Spars, Oak Plank and W^ainscot), being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, and imported from the United Kingdom in British Ships.

938

C. 115.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

British Goods from United Kingdom to appear upon the Cockets.

Goods enumerated in the following Schedule importable only under Licence.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Goods shall be entered in the Isle of Man, as being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or as being imported from thence, except such Goods as shall appear upon the Cocket or Cockets of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, to have been duly cleared at some Port in the United Kingdom to be exported to the said Isle.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sorts of Goods enumerated or described in the Schedule hereinafter contained, denominated " Schedule of Licence Goods," shall not be imported into the Isle of Man, nor exported from any Place to be carried to the Isle of Mail, without the Licence of the Commissioners of Customs first obtained; nor in greater Quantities in the whole, in any one Year, than the respective Quantities of such Goods specified in the said Schedule; and that such Goods shall not be so exported nor so imported, except from the respective Places set forth in the said Schedule, and according to the Rules subjoined thereto; (that is to say,)

SCHEDULE OF LICENCE GOODS:

Wine - One hundred and ten Tuns

Foreign Brandy - - Ten thousand Gallons

Foreign Geneva - - Ten thousand Gallons

From the United Kingdom, or from any Place from which the same might be imported into the United Kingdom, for Consumption therein.

Rum, of the British Plantations Sixty thousand Gallons.

From Great Britain.

Bohea Tea Green Tea Coffee -Tobacco

Muscovado Sugar -Playing Cards From England.

Refined Sugar

From the Port of Liverpool.

And such additional Quantities of Goods as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, from time to time, under any special Circumstances of necessity direct, from such Ports respectively;

Fifty thousand Pounds.

Five thousand Pounds.

Eight thousand Pounds.

Sixty thousand Pounds.

Six thousand Hundred Weight. Four thousand Packs.

Four hundred Hundred Weight.

of

any

of such several Sorts

Subject to the Rules following; (that is to say,)

Goods imported (l.) All such Goods to be imported into the Port of Douglas> into Douglas. and His Majesty's Subjects, and in British Ships or Vessels of the Burden of Fifty Tons or upwards:

Tobacco. (2.) Such Tobacco to be shipped only in Ports in England,

where Tobacco is allowed to be imported and warehoused without Payment of Duty:

Wine. (3.) Such Wine to be so imported only in Casks or Packages

containing not less than a Hogshead each, or in Cases containing not less than Three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, or Six Dozen reputed Pint Bottles each:

(4.) Such

6° GEO. IV. C. 115.

939

(4.) Such Brandy and Geneva to be imported only in Casks containing One hundred Gallons each, at least:

(5.) Such Brandy and Geneva not to be of greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof:

(6.) Such Goods, when exported from Great Britain, may be so exported from the Warehouse in which they may have been secured without Payment of Duty:

(7.) If the Duties of Importation have been paid in the -United Kingdom on such Goods, a full Drawback of such Duties shall be allowed on the Exportation:

(8.) Upon the Exportation from Liverpool of such Refined Sugar, the same Bounty shall be allowed as would be allowable on Exportation to Foreign Parts:

(9.) Upon Exportation from the United Kingdom of any such Goods from the Warehouse, or for Drawback, or for Bounty, so much of the Form of the Bond, or of the Oath, or of any other Document required in the Case of Exportation of such Goods generally to Foreign Parts, as is intended to prevent the landing of the same in the Isle of Man, shall be omitted:

(10.) No Drawback or Bounty to be allowed, nor Export Bond cancelled, until a Certificate of the due landing of the Goods at the Port of Douglas be produced from the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at that Port:

(11.) If any Goods be laden at any Foreign Port or Place, the Species and Quantity of such Goods, with the Marks, Numbers and Denominations of the Casks or Packages containing the same, shall be indorsed on the Licence, and signed by the British Consul at the Port of lading, or if there be no British Consul, by Two known B?'itish Merchants:

(12.) Upon Importation into the Port of Douglas of any such Goods, the Licence for the same shall be delivered up to the Collector or Comptroller of that Port.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Application for Licence to import any of the Goods aforesaid into the Isle of Man shall be made in Writing, and delivered between the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of July in each Year, to the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Douglas in the said Isle; and such Application shall specify the Date thereof, and the Name, Residence and Occupation of the Person applying, and the Description and Quantity of each Article for which such Licence is required; and all such Applications with such Particulars shall be entered in a Book to be kept at the Custom House at the Port of Douglas, and to be there open for public Inspection during the Hours of Business; and on the Fifth Day of July in each Year such Book shall be closed; and within Fourteen Days thereafter, the Collector and Comptroller shall make out and sign a true Copy of such Entries, specifying the Applicants resident and the Applicants not resident in the said Isle, and deliver or transmit such Copy to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Isle for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Copy, the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Isle shall allot the whole Quantity of each

Article,

Spirits.

Strength of such Spirits.

Warehouse

Goods.

Drawbacks.

Sugar Bounty,

Export Bond in United Kingdom made applicable.

Certificate of landing.

Goods laden in Foreign Ports.

Licence to be delivered up.

Application for Licence to be delivered to Officers at Douglas, between 5th May and 5th July.

Account to be delivered to Governor.

Governor to allot Quantities within given Time;

940

C. 115.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

md report to Treasury and Customs.

Commissioners of Customs to grant Licences according to Report of Governor.

Before Delivery of Licences, Bond to be given.

Licence not taken up, may be transferred by Governor.

Notified by In d crsement.

Counterfeiting or falsifying Licence,

Penalty.

Proviso as to licensed Goods re-exported and carried coastwise.

Article, in the first place, among the Applicants resident in the said Island, in case the whole Quantity of any Article shall not have been applied for by Residents; then shall allot the Quantity not so applied for among the nonresident Applicants, in such Proportions in all Cases as he shall judge most fair and equitable; and shall cause a Report thereon to be drawn up in Writing, and sign and transmit the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall cause a Duplicate of such Report so signed to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Customs.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Receipt of such Duplicate Report the Commissioners of Customs shall grant Licences, to continue in force for any Period until the Fifth Day of July then next ensuing, for the Importation into the Isle of Mari of the Quantities of such Goods as are allowed by Law to be so imported, with their Licence, according to the Allotments in such Report, and dividing the whole Portion allotted to any one Applicant into several Licences, as they shall be desired and see fit; and such Licences shall be transmitted without Delay to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas, to be by them delivered to the different Applicants, after taking Bond for the same under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That previous to the Delivery of any such Licences to the Persons to whom they are granted, the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall take the Bond of such Persons to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security for the Importation of the Articles for which the said Licences are respectively granted, on or before the Fifth Day of July succeeding the Delivery of such Licences, with such Conditions, and for the Forfeiture of such Sums, not exceeding the whole Amount of Duties payable in Great Britain on Articles similar to those specified in such Licences, as the Commissioners of Customs shall think fit: Provided always, that if any Person to whom such Licence shall be granted, shall not have given such Bond prior to the Fifth Day of January next after the granting such Licence, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Isle, if he shall see fit, to transfer any such Licence to any other Person who shall be desirous to take up the same, and willing and able to give such Bond; and such Transfer shall be notified by Indorsement on the Licence signed by such Governor or Lieutenant Governor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or falsify any Licence or other Document required for the Importation into the Isle of Man of any Goods which would otherwise be prohibited to be imported into the said Isle, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any such Licence or other Document, so counterfeited or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to re-export from the Isle of Man any Goods which have been imported into the said Isle with Licence of the Commissioners of Customs as aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful to carry any such Goods coastwise from one Part of the said Isle to

another,

6° GEO. IV. C. 115.

941

another, except in Vessels of One hundred Tons Burthen at the least, and in the same Packages in which such Goods were imported into the said Isle; and that it shall not be lawful to remove any Wine from one Part of the said Isle to another, by and except in such Packages or in Bottles.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to export from the Isle of Man to any Part of the United Kingdom any Goods which are of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods shall be imported into or exported from the Isle of Man; or carried coastwise from one Part of the said Isle to another Part of the same; or shall be waterborne, or brought to any Wharf or other Place, with Intent to be waterborne, to be so exported or carried; or shall be removed by Land within the said Isle, contrary to any of the Directions or Provisions of this Act; the same and the Packages containing the same shall be forfeited, together with all Ships, Vessels or Boats, and all Cattle and Carriages used or employed therein; and every Person offending therein shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or the full Amount of all Duties which would be payable in respect of such or similar Goods for Home Consumption of the same in the United Kingdom, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sorts of Goods enumerated or described in the Schedule hereinafter contained, denominated " Schedule of Prohibitions/' shall not be imported into the Isle of Man; (that is to say,)

SCHEDULE OF PROHIBITIONS.

Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of Places within the Limits of the United East India Company's Charter; except from the United Kingdom:

Cotton Yarn, Cotton Cloth, Linen Cloth, Glass Manufactures, Woollen Manufactures, unless bona fide laden in and imported directly from the United Kingdom:

British distilled Spirits:

All Goods prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom to be used or consumed therein, on account of the Sort or Description of the same.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Quantities of ' Spirits and Tobacco, and Tea, allowed to be exported in decked ' Vessels or open Boats respectively, bound from the Isle of Man to Great Britain or Ireland, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such decked Vessels or open Boats should be limited / Be it therefore enacted, That if any decked Vessel, bound from the Isle of Man to any Port of Great Britain or Ireland, shall have on board, for the Use of the Seamen, any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Half a Gallon for each Seaman, or any Tobacco exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight for the whole of the Seamen on board such Vessel; or if any open Boat, bound from the Isle of Man to any Port of Great Britain or Ireland, shall have on board for the Use of the Seamen any Spirits exceeding

One

Wine removed Inland, &c. Foreign Goods not exported to U.K.

Goods imported or exported, &c. contrary to Law, forfeited, &c. together with Vessels, &c. and Penalty.

Goods prohibited to be imported into Isle of Man.

Limiting Quantity of Spirits, &c. for Seamen:

In decked Vessels:

In open Boats.

942

C. 115.

6° GEO. iv:

A.D. 185.

Forfeiture.

Duties under Commissioners of Customs, to be paid into Exchequer.

Part of Duties may be retained for Expences of Government.

Account kept by Receiver General of Isle of Man.

One Quart for each Seaman, or any Tobacco exceeding One Half of a Pound Weight for each Seaman, or any Tea exceeding One Pound Weight for the whole of the Seamen on board such Boat, all such Foreign Spirits, Tobacco and Tea respectively, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, and also every such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted for under the Authority and Direction, or under the Management and Controul of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and, except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering and accounting for the same, the said Hates and Duties shall from time to time (subject to the Deductions hereinafter mentioned) be brought and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Provided always, that any of the Collectors of Customs of the said Isle shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, agreeably to such Directions as shall from time to time be given for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, to retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands as may be sufficient to defray the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said Isle of Man and the Administration of Justice there, and other Charges incurred in the said Isle, which have heretofore been or may hereafter be deemed fit and proper Charges to be deducted from and paid out of the Duties of Customs collected in the said Isle of Man, and also for the Purpose of defraying any Bounties that may be due by Law upon Herrings caught by the Inhabitants of the said Isle of Man; and upon the Amount of the said Expences, Charges and Bounties being ascertained, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to direct the same to be paid out of the said Monies so retained, to such Person or Persons as may be entitled to receive the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, by the Receiver General or Collector of the Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man for the Time being, a Book or Books, in which the Duties of Customs arising and payable within the Isle of Man under this Act, or any Act or Acts at any Time in force relating to such Duties, shall be entered separate and under distinct Heads, specifying the respective Amount of the Duties of Customs on the several Articles licensed under this Act, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize, paying Duties according to the Value thereof; or if any of the said Duties, or any Part or Proportion of any such Duties, shall at any Time hereafter be repealed, altered or varied, or if any former Duties of Customs have, since the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, been repealed, altered or varied, then and in any such Case the Average Produce of the Duties or Proportion of Duties so repealed, altered or varied for the Three Years preceding the Fifth Day of January immediately

A.D. 18 25.

6° GEO. IV. C. 115, 116.

943

diately preceding such Repeal, Alteration or Variation of such Duties as aforesaid, shall be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books as aforesaid; and if any new Duties have been, since the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, or shall be granted in lieu of any Duties so repealed, altered or varied, then and in such Case the Duties or such a Proportion thereof as shall be equal to any Duties so repealed, or to such Proportions of any such Duties as shall have been or shall be so altered or varied, shall also be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General Receiver Gene-or Collector of the Duties of Customs in the said Island for the raltomake Time being shall, as soon after the Expiration of each Quarter cJlt Quarterly of every Year (ending on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day ccounts>

of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October

respectively, in each Year), as the same can be done, make out an

Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Customs, payable

and arising within the said Island in the preceding Quarter, in

such Form as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the Time being;

and shall transmit and certify a Duplicate of such Account to and transmit

the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time Duplicates to

being, and another Duplicate, so certified, to the Auditor for the Treasury, to

Time being of the Exchequer, and another thereof to the most ^udltor of

Noble John Duke of Atholl, or to the Person entitled for the Time Duke of AtholL

being to any Annuity out of the said Consolidated Fund, to be

calculated on any Amount of such Duties, under any Act or

Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, or to any Person or

Persons appointed by him or them, by Writing under his or their

Hand or Hands* to receive the same; and if any such Receiver

General shall refuse or neglect to make out such Account, or

to transmit such Duplicates as aforesaid, for the Space of One

Month after the same can be done, such Receiver General shall

forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Penalty.

and a further Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each and every

Month succeeding such First Month for which he shall omit or

neglect to make out such Account, or to send such Duplicates so

certified as aforesaid, and to be recovered in any of His Majesty's

Courts at Westminster, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or in any

Court in the said Island; and every such Penalty shall go and be

applied to the Use of the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Person Application

or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Annuity as afore* thereof.

said.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be Act may be

altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in alter.ed> &c*this this present Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in this present Session of c*105* § l *

V t Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the several Lam ante#

relating

C. 116.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

[Commencement of Act.]

What Number of Persons British Vessels, carrying Passengers, shall saiL with without a Licence.

Restriction as to Licence.

How Children computed.

What Number of Persons Vessels laden may carry.

What Space deemed equivalent to Two Tons.

relating to the Customs, in which it is declared, that the Laws of

the Customs have become intricate by reason of the great

Number of Acts relating thereto which have been passed

through a long Series of Years, and that it is therefore highly

expedient for the Interest of Commerce and the Ends of Justice, and also for affording Convenience and Facility to all

Persons who may be subject to the Operation mf those Laws,

or who may be authorized to act in the Execution thereof, that all the Statutes now in force relating to the Customs should be repealed, and that the Purposes for which they have from

time to time been made should be secured by new Enactments exhibiting more perspicuously and compendiously the various ' Provisions contained in them: And Whereas by the said Act ' the Laws relating to the carrying of Passengers to Foreign

Parts will be repealed; and it is expedient to make new Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, this Act shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts.

II. And be it further enacted, That no British Ship carrying any Passenger or Passengers shall sail from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to or for any Port or Place out of Europe, and not being within the Streights of Gibraltar, with more Persons on board, including the Master and Crew, than One for every Five Tons of her Burthen, without a Licence under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Person exceeding such Proportion, to be paid by the Master of such Ship: Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted for any Ship to carry any greater Number of Persons, including the Master and Crew, than in the Proportion of One Person for every Two Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, except as hereinafter provided in the Case of Ships sailing from Ireland to the British Possessions in North America: Provided also, that Two Children under Fourteen Years of Age, or Three Children under Seven Years of Age, shall in all Cases be computed as One

Person, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Master of any Ship laden with Goods and Merchandize for Exportation, which shall sail from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to or for any Port or Place out of Europe, and not being within the Streights of Gibraltar, to receive or take on board a greater Number of Persons, including the Master and Crew, computed as aforesaid, than in the Proportion of One Person for every Two Tons of such Ship remaining unladen with Goods and Merchandize, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Person exceeding such Proportion, to be paid by the Master of such Ship: Provided always, that every clear integral Space between the Deck and the Cargo of every Ship which shall have but One Deck, or between the Decks of any Ship having more

Decks

6° GEO. IV. C. 116.

945

Decks than One, such Space being unoccupied with Goods or Merchandize, or with Stores, Provisions, Water or Baggage, and being Six Feet in Length, Two Feet Six Inches in Breadth, and being of the whole of the Height between Decks, or being Five Feet Six Inches in Height, if there be only One Deck, shall be deemed to be and shall be equivalent to Two Tons of such Ship remaining unladen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every British Ship shall Tonnage how be deemed to be of such Burthen as is set forth in the Certificate ascertained* of the Registry of such Ship, and the Burthen of every Foreign

Ship "shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Manner directed by any Act now in force or hereafter to be made respecting the Admeasurement of British Ships for the Purpose of being registered.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every British List of Persons Ship carrying Passengers as aforesaid, and having more Persons on board to be on board, including the Master and Crew, computed as aforesaid, Collector10 than One for every Five Tons of the Burthen of such Ship, previously to his leaving the Port from whence he shall be bound

shall deliver to the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at such Port a List, containing the full Number of the Crew, and also the Number of the Passengers, with their Names,

Ages and Descriptions, and the Places to which they are to be respectively conveyed, for the Purpose of being registered at such Port; and if the Number of such Persons shall exceed Bond to be Fifty, such Ship shall not be cleared out, unless the Owner or g*ven tllat tIie Owners, or the Master, shall have given Bond to His Majesty, ^ortovan^ro-with Two sufficient Sureties, such Bond to be without Stamp, and perly stored, &c. to be taken by and left in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port from whence such Ship shall be cleared out, in an Amount equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Passenger, whether Child or Adult, on board such Ship, with Condition that such Ship is seaworthy, and properly stored with Water and Provisions, and shall have for the Voyage a Surgeon, with a Medicine Chest properly stored with Medicines, as hereinafter provided; and that every such Passenger, if alive, Landing of shall be landed at the Port or Ports to which such Passenger a3SenSers* shall have contracted to be conveyed, unless landed elsewhere at his or her own Desire.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the Master of any Masters taking British Ship, having a Licence to carry Passengers in the Manner morePassen-hereinbefore directed, shall take on board, or if he or the Owner gers than

or Owners of any such Ship shall engage to take on board, all°wed. any Person or Persons exceeding the Number mentioned and specified in tsuch Licence, such Master, Owner or Owners, shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and Penalty, every Person so taken or engaged to be taken beyond the Persons specified in such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That "every such Ship, having Allowance of a Licence as aforesaid, shall be provided with such a Supply of Provisions. good and wholesome Water as will afford an Allowance of Five

Pints of Water daily during the Voyage for every Person (including the Master and Crew), and computing Two Children under Ten Years of Age as One Person, which Supply of 6 Geo. IV. 3 P Water

946 C. 116. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Master not giving the Allowance. Penalty.

Passengers may be relanded on Application to Collector, &c.

Master relanding Provisions.

Penalty.

Exception.

Water shall be stowed below the Lower Deck, if there be T\vo Decks, or Five Feet Six Inches at least below the Deck, if there be only One Deck; and every such Ship shall also be provided with such a Supply of Provisions as will afford an Allowance for every such Person, during the Voyage, of One Pound Weight of Bread or Biscuit, and One Pound Weight of Beef, or Three Quarters of a Pound Weight of Pork, daily, and also, Two Pounds Weight of Flour, and Three Pounds Weight of Oatmeal, or of Pease, or of Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound Weight of Butter, weekly; the said Allowance to commence on and be computed from the Day the Ship takes her Departure from the Port at which she shall be cleared outwards.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of such Ship failing to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water hereinbefore specified, if required to do so, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every such Neglect or Omission.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Passenger who has entered into any Contract or Agreement for the Voyage on board an}^ such Ship, shall signify to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer or the Customs, or to any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, in the United Kingdom, that he or she is desirous of being relanded, and of not proceeding on any such Voyage, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, or for such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and required, to take such Passenger, together with his or her Baggage, out of the Ship, and to set such Passenger free from his or her Engagement, reserving to either Party any legal Claim which may arise in consequence thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any such Ship shall have been cleared out the Master of any such Ship shall unship or reland, or permit or suffer to be unshipped or relanded, any Water or Provisions, such Master shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any Passenger shall be relanded, and shall not proceed, then it shall and may be lawful for such Master to unship or reland, under the Inspection of the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port where such Passenger shall be relanded, a Quantity of Water and Provisions not exceeding the Proportion sufficient for the Allowance of every

Bedding to be aired, and Vessel fumigated.

Penalty.

No British Vessel carrying 50 Persons cleared out

such Passenger so relanded.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Bedding of each and every Passenger on board any such Ship shall be aired by .Exposure upon the Deck, when the Weather will permit, daily during the Voyage; and such Ship shall be fumigated with Vinegar at least Twice in every Week during the Voyage; and the Master of such Ship shall Forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Failure or Neglect in airing the said Bedding, or in fumigating the Ship.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no British Ship having a Licence to carry Passengers as aforesaid, carrying Fifty Persons of upwards, including the Master or Crew, computed as aforesaid, shall be cleared out at any Port of the United Kingdom,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 116.

947

dom, unless such Ship shall be provided with a Surgeon, who is unless with a to continue during the whole of the Voyage, and who shall pro- Surgeon. duce, to the Officer of the Customs at the Port where the Ship is to be cleared, a Certificate of his having passed his Ex- Certificate. 1 animation at Surgeons' Hall in London, or at the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or Dublin, or before the Medical Faculty of the University of Glasgow.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surgeon Surgeon to be shall have a Medicine Chest properly stored with Medicines, in provided with proportion to the Number of Persons on board such Ship, of the Kind and according to the Assortment generally used and made for the like Voyages on board of His Majesty's Ships of War; and before any such Ship shall be allowed to be cleared out, such Surgeon shall specify upon Oath, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence such Ship is to be cleared out, the Contents of such Medicine Chest; and shall further make Oath, that the Medicines are of good and proper Quality, and of the Assortment generally used and made for the like Voyages on board of His Majesty's Ships of War, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and that he is engaged, and does intend to go the Voyage as Surgeon on board such Ship; and the Affidavit of every such Surgeon shall be deposited and preserved in the Custom House where the Clearance of such Ship shall be granted; and the Owner or Master of every such Ship failing to provide a Surgeon so qualified, and providing a a Medicine Chest ^properly stored as aforesaid, shall forfeit and Surgeon, &c. pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Person on board, Penalty, including the Master and Crew.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that some certain Mark British Vessels should be placed on certain British* Ships or Vessels carrying can7inS BasPassengers, that the}^ may at all Times be known at Sea by ^ldced with His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War or Revenue; Be ita p. therefore enacted, That the Letter P. shall be painted in White at least Three Feet in Length, and of proportionate Width, on the Quarters of every British Ship carrying Passengers as aforesaid, and having more Persons on board, including the Master and Crew, computed as aforesaid, than One for every Five Tons Burthen of such Ship, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of Penalty.

One hundred Pounds by the Master of such Ship on Failure of having such Mark.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Officers Officers of the commanding His Majesty's Ships of War or Revenue Vessels, Navy, &c. may who shall meet any such British Ship at Sea, and the Col- act* lectors and Comptrollers of His Majesty's Customs at any Port in the United Kingdom, or in the British Possessions, and the Governors and Lieutenant Governors at any such Possessions, and His Majesty's Consuls at any Foreign Port, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required to call upon the Master refusing Master of any such Ship to produce the Licence granted by the to produce Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, for the Purpose of Llceilce* Inspection and Examination, and to ascertain whether the Regulations of this Act have been duly complied with; and in case Penalty, the Master of any such Ship shall refuse or fail to produce the *; .

said Licence he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

jtxt'uiciiie

Chest, &c.

Oath of Quality of Medicine.

Master not

94.8

C. 116.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso for Vessels in Service of His Majesty, &c.

Proviso as to Vessels carrying Passengers from Ireland to British Possessions in North America,

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to Ships in the Service of His Majesty, or of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or of the East India Company, or to any Ship bound to the Fisheries at Newfoundland, or on the Coast of Labrador.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by any Order or Direction to be issued by them from time to time for that Purpose, to exempt from the Operation of this Act, or of any of the Provisions herein contained, any Ship or Vessel carrying Passengers from Ireland to the British Possessions in North America; and that any such Ship or Vessel so exempted by any such Order or Direction, and complying ^with the Conditions of the same, shall not be subject to any of the Conditions and Forfeitures imposed by this Act touching any of the Matters to which any such Order or Direction shall apply.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ship, carrying any Passenger or Passengers, shall sail from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to or for any Port or Place out of Europe, and not being within the Streights of Gibraltar, with more Persons on board, including the Master and Crew, than One for eve^ Five Tons Burthen of such Ship, (unless special Permission shall be given for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs,) under Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Person exceeding such Proportion to be paid by the Master of such Ship or Vessel.

Regulations for XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during British Ships to the Continuance of any Convention of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and any Foreign State, whereby the Privileges of British Ships shall be conceded to the Ships of such Foreign State, so much of this Act as relates to British Ships shall extend and be construed to extend to Ships belonging to such States during the Existence of such Convention, and carrying more Passengers than other Foreign Ships are by this Act permitted to carry.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained, shall be calculated and paid and payable within Great Britain and Ireland in lawful Money of Great Britain; and that any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, or His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every Action or Suit the Person against whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Suit shall and may be brought at any Time within Three Years after the Offence committed,

Limitation of Passengers on board Foreign Vessels.

Penalty.

extend to certain Foreign Ships.

Recovery of Penalties.

Double Costs.

Limitation of such Actions.

6° GEO. IV. C. 116, 117.

949

mitted, and not afterwards; and one Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Act shall go and be applied to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall first sue for the same, after deducting Charges of Prosecution from the whole.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for Actions for ex-any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or ecuting Act. Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, enera ssue# and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Double Costs, same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Flint Glass in Great Britain, and to impose other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof, throughout the United Kingdom; and to continue the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under Customs and Excise Laws in Ireland\ until further Provision can be made.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of 51 G.s. c. 69.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

4 j'or repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof and for continuing and amending an Act 'passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled 4An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Collection of the said Duties, ' (a) certain Rates and Duties of Excise are made chargeable on Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, made in Great Britain, and certain countervailing Duties are also made chargeable on all such Glass as aforesaid made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, and the said Duties have been continued by subsequent Acts until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven; and by an Act passed in the 52 G. 3. c. 94. Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and scli.A.&B.

4 Snuff, a certain additional Duty uof Excise is made chargeable

CAP. CXVII.

[5th July 1825.]

(a) [49 G. 3. c. 63.

3 P 3

upon

950

C. 117.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

55G.S. c. 113.

§ 2.

Duties and Drawbacks payable under recited Acts to cease; and 51 G.3. c. 69.

§ 6. and 59 G.3. c. 104. § 2 to 5. repealed.

Exceptions.

Proviso for, 51 G.3. c.esT § 5 to 8.

upon Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, made in Great Britain, and a certain additional countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Nine Shillings is also made chargeable on such Glass as aforesaid made in Ireland\ and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty (amongst other Things), for altering certain Drawbacks and countervailing Duties on Glass, certain Drawbacks are allowed upon Flint or Phial Glass, Wares, Vessels or Utensils made in Great Britain, and exported: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said several Duties and Drawbacks, and to impose other Duties, and grant another Drawback in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and singular the said Duties and Drawbacks shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, except in the Cases hereinafter mentioned; and that so much of the said Act above mentioned, and passed in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, as relates to the taking out of certain Licences therein mentioned, and required to be taken out by all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, before he, she or they shall presume to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, and to the Regulation of such Licences as therein mentioned, and also so much of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass, and Flint Glass, and Phial Glass, and for altering certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass, which said Act was continued by subsequent Acts until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, as relates to Flint and Phial Glass, shall be and the same are, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, hereby repealed, save and except, in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of such Duties and Drawbacks as aforesaid respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, or which shall have been incurred under any Part or so much of the said Acts, passed in the Fifty first and Fifty ninth Years aforesaid, as are hereby respectively repealed, and which shall have been respectively incurred at any Time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal any Part or Clause or Provision in the said Act passed in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, which regards the making Entry of, or the Construction or Use of any Lear, or any other Clause or Provision in, or any Part of the said last mentioned Act, except that Part and so much thereof as is above mentioned, or which is expressly repealed by this Act.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 117. 951

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout the United Kingdom, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise in British Currency hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, for and upon every One thousand Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of the fluxed Materials or Metal, or

In lieu of the Duties repealed the Duties herein mentioned following to be levied: on fluxed Materials for making /Flint or Phial Glass.

other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made in Great Britain, or Ireland, for the Purpose of making Flint Glass or Phial Glass, the Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings, such Duties to be charged upon the gross Gauge of such fluxed Materials or Metal or other Preparations, in the Pot, of which fluxed Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, Three thousand two hundred being taken as the Specific Gravity, Eleven shall be the Circular Divisor for finding the Contents of each such Pot in Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, without any Deduction, Abatement or Allowance whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the several Now Draw-Drawbacks by this Act repealed, the following Drawback shall be hack on Flint allowed and paid; for and upon every One thousand Pounds Gblss* Weight Avoirdupois, and so in Proportion for any greater or

less Quantity of Flint Glass which shall be made in Great Britain or Ireland, and for and in respect of which, or of the Materials,

Metal or other Preparations from which the same shall have been made, all Excise Duties payable thereon have been duly paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize from thence respectively to Foreign Parts, the Sum of Twenty nine Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Carried to the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and Consolidated accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be Fund.

paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Phial Glass which shall be made in any Part of the United Kingdom shall be deemed and taken to be Flint Glass within the Meaning of this Act and all other Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Excise, and shall be charged with Duty accordingly as Flint Glass.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Draw- Duties levied as

backs by this Act imposed and granted shall and may be former Duties;

respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered,

adjudged, mitigated and allowed throughout Great Britain and sameCReVui-

Ireland respectively, in such and the like Manner, and in or by ationsastlielike

any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by Articles are

which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively sVbJect to by

upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the same virtue of any

n x> A a. former Act.

3 P 4 Sorts

Duties under Excise.

Phial Glass deemed Flint. Glass.

952

C. 117.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed in Great Britain, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities so b}' this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with such Duties, or entitled to such Drawback of Excise as above mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general are subject, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, relating to the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise in Great Britain or Ireland; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, made for securing the Revenue of Excise in Great Britain or Ireland ', or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, except as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for and in respect of the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise hereby imposed and granted, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Eod}^ of this Act.

17 G.3. c. 39. 4 VIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Seventeenth

s.3l. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the

4 Third, (amongst other Things,) for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it is enacted, that in all Pots containing more than One Hundred Weight, used for preparing and mixing Metal and other Materials for making of Flint, Enamel, Stained Glass, and of all Phial Glass, an Allowance shall be made to the Makers of such Glass of One fourth Part of the Metal or other Materials contained therein, and of One Inch deep at the Bottom of every such Pot, and in small Pots commonly called Pile Ends, which will not contain One Hundred Weight, and used as aforesaid, an Allowance shall be made to such Makers of One fifth only of the Metal or Materials contained therein: 51 G.3. c. 69. ' And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty first Year

§ 34. repealed. aforesaid it is further enacted, that all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required, at or before the Flour of Six

4 in

6° GEO. IV. C. 117.

953

4 in the Evening of Saturday in each and every Week, to work out into Wares, or to cause and procure to be worked out into Wares, the whole of the Metal or Preparation which shall at any Time during that Week have been founded or melted in any Pot or Pots to him, her or them belonging, for the making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, on pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Refusal thereof the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; provided always nevertheless, that nothing thereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maker or Makers of any Flint Glass, or of Phial Glass, to the said last mentioned Penalty, for or by reason of his, her or their not working out the Allowance of One Inch deep, made to such Maker or Makers by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, at the Bottom of any such Pot, any Thing thereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and it is necessary for the Purposes of this Act to repeal the same Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the same or so much of the said last mentioned Acts respectively as are above recited, shall be and are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of Jidy One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required, at or before the Hour of Six o'Clock in the Evening of Saturday in each and every Week, to work out into Wares, or to cause and procure to be worked out into Wares, the whole of the Materials, Metal or other Preparations which at any Time during that Week shall have been fluxed or melted in any Pot or Pots to him, her or them belonging, for the Purpose of making Flint Glass, or upon a Notice for that Purpose given by such Maker or Makers of Glass to the proper Officer of Excise, Six Hours before he, she or they shall commence to lade out any Part of such Metal, to lade out in the Presence of the Supervisor or Officer attending upon such Notice for that Purpose, the whole of such Materials, Metal or other Preparations as aforesaid, which may remain in such Pot after such Maker or Makers shall have ceased to work out any Wares therefrom, and the gauged Weight of such laded fluxed Materials, Metal or Preparations, as taken by the Supervisor or Officer in the Pot, shall be deducted from the Weight of Glass for or in respect of which such Maker or Makers shall at that Time be chargeable with Duty, upon the Gauge thereof taken in the Pot, according to the Provisions of this Act; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she or they shall, for every such Pot in respect of which he, she or they shall commit or make such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, at the End of every Round or Period of Six Weeks, an Account shall be taken and made out by the Supervisor, Surveyor or Officer of the District or Place in which the Glass House of any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall be situate, of the whole Quantity of Flint Glass for or in respect of which such Maker or

Makers

The whole of Flint Glass fluxed in each Week to be worked out by Time herein mentioned.

Penalty.

Officer to make out an Account at Times herein mentioned of the whole Quantity of Glass charged with Duty, and the whole

95<1<

Weight of Glass weighed within such Period, and to charge additional Duty upon every Pound Weight of such Excess.

No Pot to be gauged without Notice, nor to be set in the annealing Arch, without having been regauged and marked by Officer.

Penalty.

Officer to give Dimensions of each Pot to Maker, when he has ascertained Gauge.

c. 117. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. TS25.

Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have been charged with Duty upon the fluxed Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from which such Glass as aforesaid shall have been made, after Deduction of the gauged Weight of all fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations taken account of by the Officer, and laded out of the Pot, according to the Provisions of this Act, and of the whole Weight of manufactured Flint Glass and Flint Glass Wares weighed, or which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid, within such Round or Period of Six Weeks as aforesaid; and if, upon such Account being taken and made out as aforesaid, the Weight of such manufactured Glass and Glass Wares as aforesaid shall exceed the Quantity of such Glass as aforesaid, with which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have been so charged with Duty, after such Deduction as aforesaid, by any Quantity greater than the Quantity of Fifty per Centum of or upon the whole Quantity of such Glass as last aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall be charged with and pay the Sum of Sixpence per Pound upon each and every Pound Weight of such Excess, over and above any Duty which such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid shall have paid, or may have been charged with, upon the fluxed Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from which such Glass as aforesaid shall have been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Pot for the making of Flint Glass shall be gauged, or the Dimensions thereof taken by the Officers of Excise, unless the Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to whom such Pot shall belong shall give Notice to the Officer under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, of his, her or their Intent or Desire to have such Pot examined and gauged, or the Dimensions thereof taken as aforesaid; and no Pot for the making of Flint Glass shall be set or put into any annealing Arch, for the Purpose of drying or hardening the same, until the Supervisor or Surveyor of the District or Place in which the Glass House of any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to whom such Pot shall belong shall be situate, shall have re-examined and regauged or taken the Dimensions of such Pot, and shall have marked the same with the Initials of his Name on the Outside thereof; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall set or put any Pot for the making of Flint Glass into his, her or their annealing Arch, for the Purpose of drying or hardening the same, before such Supervisor or Surveyor as aforesaid shall have re-examined and regauged or taken the Dimensions thereof, or before he shall have marked the same as aforesaid, or if any such Maker. or Makers as aforesaid shall deface or counterfeit or alter, or cause to be defaced or counterfeited or altered, any such Mark as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Pot for the making of Flint Glass shall be gauged, and the Dimensions thereof ascertained and taken by the Supervisor or Surveyor of Excise, according to the Rules and Directions to him in that Behalf given from time to time by the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, such Supervisor

or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 117.

955

or Surveyor shall and is hereby required to give such Dimensions or Calculation of the Capacity and Contents of such Pot, according to the Gauge by him in that Behalf taken, to the Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to whom such Pot shall belong. '

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Pot or Pots for the making of Flint Glass shall be set in the Furnace, unless the Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to whom such Pot or Pots shall belong shall give Six Flours' Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, specifying in such Notice the Time and Hour when he, she or they intends or intend to set such Pot or Pots in the Furnace, and the particular Pot or Pots, and Marks and Numbers on the same, by him, her or them intended to be so set, and the particular Hole in the Furnace in which each such Pot is intended to be so set; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall set any Pot for the making of Flint Glass in the Furnace without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or having given such Notice, and after the Excise Officer attending for such Purpose shall have taken an Account of and examined the same, shall change or alter the Position of any Pot, of which he, she or they shall have given such Notice, except in any Case of Emergency, of which Notice in Writing shall be given by such Maker or Makers to the Surveying Officer within Four Hour3 after the making of such Change or Alteration, and before unstopping the Pot, if any Materials, Metal or other Preparations be therein uncharged with Duty, or shall set in the Furnace any other Pot in lieu or in place of any Pot of which he, she or they shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, or in any different Hole than the Hole of the Furnace mentioned in such Notice for each such Pot, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall not be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to unstop or take down any Stopper from his, her or their Pot or Pots, containing any Materials or Metal, or other Preparation for the making of Flint Glass, (the same not being a Pot cracking or breaking, whilst the same is filled with such Materials, Metal or Preparation as aforesaid,) without giving Six Flours' Notice, in such Manner in other Ptespects as by the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year aforesaid, was and is in that Behalf directed and required; and all such Pots as aforesaid, which shall be charged with any such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations as aforesaid, for any particular Journey or making of Flint Glass, upon such Notice to unstop the same, or take down the Stopper thereof as aforesaid, being given, shall be opened altogether and at one and the same Time, upon the Attendance of the Officer or Supervisor of Excise (if he can be present) for that Purpose, and in the Presence of such Officer or Supervisor; and if upon opening such Pots as aforesaid, any Pot or Pots shall be found to contain Materials or Metal, or other Preparation for the making of Flint Glass, '* then unfit for the making or working of the same out into Glass Wares, the whole of the Pots

charged

Makers not giving Notice of setting Pots in the Furnace, or altering Position ofor changing Pots.

Penalty.

Pots upon Notice to be unstopped shall be opened at once, and if any found, upon being opened, unfit for working, the whole to be stopped up again, and a fresh Notice given.

956

C. 117.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Makers may charge fresh Pots or Overtakers, after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in the former Notice to charge, upon giving Notice thereof, according to the 17 G.3. C. 39-U 6.33.

Proviso.

Where Metal in any Pot shall become unfit for Use, Notice given to Officer.

Proceedings

thereon.

charged with such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, of such particular Journey or making, shall be stopped up again, and a fresh and like Notice for unstopping the same, or taking down the Stoppers thereof, shall be given as aforesaid; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall commit any Offence against any of the Regulations aforesaid, he, she and they respectively shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass, after the Pots of any particular Journey or making of Flint Glass, to him, her or them belonging, shall have been charged under a Notice by him, her or them given according to the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, and after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice, to fill or charge any fresh Pot or Pots (commonly called Overtakers) with Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for the making of Flint Glass, at any Time during the making of such Journey or making of Flint Glass, upon giving such or a similar Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, according to the Notice directed to be given by every Maker or Makers of Glass, by the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, all which said Pot or Pots (commonly called Overtakers) as aforesaid shall be opened in the same Manner, and at one and the same Time, as the Pots of the same Journey or making, for the making of Flint Glass, are hereinbefore directed to be opened, and shall be under and subject in every respect to the same Penalties, Rules, Regulations and Directions, as any other Pot or Pots for the making of Flint Glass: Provided always, that if the filling or charging of such Pot or Pots (commonly called Overtakers) as aforesaid, whereof such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall not be begun pursuant to such Notice, then and in every such Case such Notice shall be void and altogether null and of no Effect whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where the Metal contained in any Pot or Pots for the making of Flint Glass shall become unfit for Use, or shall be incapable of being worked or manufactured into Wares, the Maker or Makers of Glass to whom any such Pot or Pots as aforesaid shall belong, shall give Notice thereof immediately to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be. and such Pot or Pots shall be thereupon allowed to remain and continue, until the End of the Week in which such Pot or Pots shall have been charged with all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparation for the making of Flint Glass as aforesaid, therein, at which Time the Materials, Metal or Preparations in such Pot or Pots shall be laded out in the Presence of the Supervisor or the Officer of Excise; and if such Supervisor or Officer be satisfied that no Alteration has been made therein, the gauged Weight of the fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations so laded out as aforesaid, shall be deducted from the Weight of the Glass with which such Maker or Makers shall be chargeable with Duty upon the Gauge thereof

10 taken

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 117.

957

taken in such Pot or Pots as aforesaid; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass shall, after giving such Notice as aforesaid, take out any of the Materials, Metal or other Preparations as aforesaid, from any such Glass Pot, until the whole thereof shall be so laded out as aforesaid, or add any Materials, Metal or other Preparations thereto, or make any Alteration therein, he, she and they respectively shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations contained in any such Pot or Pots, of which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, be coloured Glass, and incapable of being used for White Glass, or otherwise than as Blue, Green or other coloured Glass, it shall be lawful for any such Maker or Makers (on giving Six Hours' Notice thereof, and of such his, her or their Intention, to the Surveying Officer of Excise, specifying therein the particular Pot or Pots) to lade out, in the Presence of the Supervisor or Surveying Officer, all such fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations as shall be therein, into Water, and thereupon to make such Alteration in such Materials, Metal or other Preparations as he, she or they may think fit, for deepening or improving the Colour thereof as aforesaid, and forthwith to recharge such Pot or Pots with such Materials, Metal or other Preparations for the making of such coloured Glass as aforesaid only; and every"such Pot or Pots so recharged shall be deemed, and shall be subject to the same Regulations as are hereinbefore provided with respect to such Pots as are commonly called Overtakers; and that when such Pot or Pots shall be again unstopped, Duty shall be charged upon the guaged Weight of all the fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations contained therein, and every such Maker or Makers shall be liable to pay the Duty so charged as last aforesaid, the guaged Weight of the fluxed Materials, Metal or other Preparations so laded out as aforesaid, being deducted as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year aforesaid, it is provided, that nothing therein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass to a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, by the said last mentioned Act imposed upen any such c Maker or Makers of Glass unstopping or taking down any Stopper from his, her or their Pot or Pots, containing any Metal or Preparation for the making of Flint Glass, without such Notice as therein mentioned, for or by reason of his, her or their unstopping or taking down any Stopper from any such Pot which may happen to crack or break whilst the same is filled or charged with any Metal Materials or Preparation, for the sole Purpose of preventing the Loss of such Metal, Materials or Preparation, or from any other Pot or Pots, for the sole Purpose of discovering such broken Pot or Pots, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding Be it further enacted, That such Clause or Proviso, or so much of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year aforesaid, as above recited, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand

eight

Makers after Notice unduly-taking out Materials from Pot.

Penalty.

Makers on giving Notice may lade out in Presence of Officer the fluxed Materials in to Water, and make such Alterations as they think fit for improving the Colour.

When Pots unstopped, Duty charged.

32 G.3. c. 40.

§ 6. continued.

Subject to the Proviso herein mentioned for Metal, &c. breaking, &c.

958

c. m.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

No Materials to be added to Pot after Gauge taken.

Penalty.

51 G.3. c.G9. § 14.

Makers may manufacture Flint Glass not requiring to be annealed, upon Notice to Officer.

eight hundred and twenty five, remain and continue in force: Provided always, that the Metal, Material or Preparation in such Pot, which may so happen to crack or break as aforesaid, shall immediately be laded out by such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid, in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, in which Case the Amount of the guaged Weight of Metal, Materials or Preparation so laded out of such Pot as aforesaid, or inevitably and wholly lost by such cracking or breaking of the Pot as aforesaid, shall be deducted from the Gross Guage of such Pot, by which the same, or the Metal, Materials or Preparation with which such Pot was charged, were before charged with Duty.

XVIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, it is enacted, that if any Maker of Glass, after such Notice as by that Act and a certain other Act therein directed and required to be given, and a Guage taken by the Officer of the Metal or Preparation in their Pots, shall, without a fresh Notice in Writing, put into such Pot any Metal, Material or Preparation whatsoever, every such Maker of Glass shall in every such Case forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to increase such Penalty with respect to Flint Glass, in order to deter the Maker or Makers of such Glass from so doing Be it therefore enacted, That if, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall, after a Guage taken by the Officer of Excise of the Materials or Metal or other Preparations for the making of Flint Glass, in any Pot set in the Furnace to him, her or them belonging, put into or add any Materials, Metal or Preparation whatsoever to such Pot, he, she or they so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, it is enacted, that all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall put, place or deposit in One or more such Lear or Lears as aforesaid, for the Purpose of annealingThe same, and shall anneal therein all the Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively which shall from time to time be by him, her or them made or manufactured; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall omit or fail to anneal in such Lear or Lears, any Portion of the Flint or Phial Glass by him, her or them manufactured, or shall put, place or deposit in any Kiln, Stove or Oven, or annealing Arch or Oven, other than such Lear or Lears as aforesaid, any Flint Glass or Phial Glass for the Purpose of annealing the same, or shall anneal the same therein, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, no Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall incur such Penalty of Two hundred Pounds as aforesaid, by reason of his, her or their not putting, placing or depositing, in One or more of such Lears as aforesaid, for the Purpose of annealing the same, or for not annealing therein all the Flint Glass which shall from time to time be by him, her or them made or manufactured; but that it shall and may be lawful for Maker or Makers of Flint 18 Glass

6° GEO. IV. C. 117.

959

Glass to make or manufacture Flint Glass which shall not be so put, placed or deposited as aforesaid in any Lear or Lears, or to be annealed therein as aforesaid, upon such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid giving Six Hours' Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying in such Notice the Number and particular Pot or Pots from which he, she or they intends or intend to make or manufacture such Flint Glass, and the particular Kinds of Wares to be made therefrom: Provided always, that if such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to give such Notice as in that Behalf aforesaid, nothing herein contained shall in any wise extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent such Maker or Makers of Glass as aforesaid from incurring such Penalty as above mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and everjr Maker and Makers of Flint Glass who shall be desirous of making or manufacturing any Flint Glass which does not require to be put, placed or deposited in any Lear, or to be annealed therein, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to find and provide, or to build and construct in every Glass House in which such Flint Glass as aforesaid shall be intended to be made or manufactured into Glass Wares as aforesaid, a good and sufficient and well lighted Room for the placing and depositing therein of such Flint Glass or Glass Wares, which Room shall be next to and communicate with such Glass House; and all and every such Maker and Makers shall be, in respect of every such Room, subject to all and every the Penalties and Regulations to which Flint Glass Makers are subject by the Provisions of the said Act made in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, of or concerning the Weighing or Reweighing Rooms therein mentioned, except so far as the same are altered by this Act; and no such Room shall have more than One Door or Entrance into the same, and the said Door or Entrance shall open directly into and afford and form an immediate Communication with such Glass House, and such Room and the Door or Entrance thereof, shall be securely locked, fastened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall from time to time be, at all Times when there shall be any such Flint Glass therein as aforesaid, save and except when the same shall be opened by such Officer or Officers for the Purpose of putting or depositing such Glass as aforesaid therein, or of weighing and taking an Account of such Flint Glass or Glass Wares therein as aforesaid; and when any such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall be desirous of having the Door or Entrance of any such Room unlocked or opened for any of the Purposes aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, One Hour's previous Notice in Writing of his, her or their being desirous of depositing such Glass in such Room, and Six Hours' Notice for weighing such Glass for Charge of Duty, specifying in such Notice the particular Time and Hour when he, she or they is or are desirous to have the same so unlocked or opened, whereupon such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice,

and

Omitting to give Notice, Penalty to remain.

Maker desirous of making Flint Glass not requiring to be annealed, to provide a secure Room for depositing the same therein.

Penalty.

How such Room to be constructed.

Regulations as to Locks, &c.

Notice of desire to deposit such Glass,

C. 117.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182.5.

Proceedings

thereon.

Penalty. Proviso as to Hours and Frequency of Notice.

Makers to deposit the Flint Glass or Wares not requiring to be annealed in Trays or Baskets, to be provided by them, and to convey the same into the Room provided for that

and shall unlock and open the said Door or Entrance, and shall keep and continue the same so unlocked or open for so long Time as shall be necessary for the Purpose specified in such Notice; and such Officer shall thereupon again lock, fasten and secure the said Door or Entrance; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to find and provide, or so build and construct such Room as aforesaid, he, she or they so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass as aforesaid shall be at liberty to give or shall give any such Notice or Notices as last aforesaid, for having the Door or Entrance of the said Room opened for weighing Glass aforesaid more than Once within the Space of any Twelve Hours, or at any Time, except between the Flours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, nor shall any Officer or Officers of Excise, in pursuance or under pretence of any such Notice or Notices, unlock or open any such Door or Entrance for weighing Glass as aforesaid more than Once within the Space of any Twelve Hours, or at any other Time than as aforesaid; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass who shall make or manufacture any Flint Glass which does not require to be put, placed or deposited in airy Lear, cr to be annealed therein, such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass having provided such Room as by this Act required for placing and depositing the same therein, shall, as soon as such Flint Glass shall be made or manufactured into Glass Wares, lay or deposit all such Flint Glass, or the Wares into which the same shall be made or manufactured, in Trays or Baskets to be by him, her or them in that Behalf provided, and shall immediately,

Purpose as soon or s0 soon as the same shall be filled, carry and convey all such as filled, Trays or Baskets with the Flint Glass or Wares laid or deposited

therein as aforesaid, into the Pcoom by him, her or them provided for such Purpose, and shall place and deposit such Trays or Baskets, or the Flint Glass or Wares therein, in such Room, and keep and continue the same therein until the Officer shall have finally weighed and taken an Account thereof for Charge of Duty; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass, who shall make or manufacture any such Flint Glass as aforesaid, shall not so lay or deposit all such Flint Glass, or the Wares into which the same shall be made or manufactured, in such Trays or Basket as aforesaid, or shall not immediately, or so soon as the same shall be filled, carry and convey every such Tray or Basket, with such Glass therein, into such Room as aforesaid, or shall not place or deposit such Tray or Basket, or the Flint Glass or Wares therein, in such Room, or shall not keep or continue the same therein until the Officer shall have finally weighed and taken an Account thereof as aforesaid, all and every such Maker or Makers Penalty. of Fiint Glass so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and

lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that any Officer may Officer or Officers of Excise shall be at liberty to weigh or take

weigh, &c. an Account of all Flint Glass brought into or deposited in such

Room,

6° GEO. IV.

961

C. 117.

Room, in such Manner and at such Times as he or they may think fit.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights in such Room as aforesaid, and shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix within such Room 'fit and proper Hooks or Staples, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise at any Time to use the same for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of, and re-weighing in such Room the Flint Glass, as he may think fit, which shall at any Time be deposited therein; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not at his, her or their own Expence find, provide and affix in manner aforesaid such fit and proper Hooks or Staples as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers shall, in the weighing or re-weighing of any such Flint Glass, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Flint Glass, then and in every such Case, such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth ' Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into or made in Great Britain, it is enacted, that if any Workman or Servant of, or any other Person employed by any Maker or Makers of Glass, shall, after a Notice in Writing has been given as aforesaid by such Maker or Makers of Glass,

6 of the filling or charging any Pot with Metal, Materials or ' Preparation for the making of Glass, and after a Gauge taken by the Officer of the Metal, Materials or Preparation in such Pot, put into such Pot any Metal, Material or Preparation £ whatsoever, without a fresh Notice in Writing, every such Workman, Servant or other Person shall, for every such Offence,

be subject to a certain pecuniary Penalty therein mentioned:

And Whereas such Penalty has been found insufficient to deter such Persons from committing such Offence, and it is expedient in Cases of Flint Glass to impose a severer Punishment on them for so doing, if done maliciously, and with Intent to injure such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass Be it therefore enacted, That if, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, any Workman or Servant of or other Person employed by any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass, shall, after a Gauge taken by any Officer of Excise of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for the making of Flint Glass, in any Pot set in the Furnace, maliciously, or with Intent to injure 6 Geo. IV. 3 Q such

Flint Glass Makers to provide Scales and Weights in Room, and not to obstruct Officers.

Penalty.

Using, &c. false Scales.

Penalty.

S4 G.3. c. 27.

§ 12.

Workmen or Servants maliciously adding Materials to any Pot after Gauge by the Officer, or fraudulently

962

C. 117.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

moving Flint such Maker or Makers, add to or put into any such Pot any fresh Glass. Material, Metal or other Preparations, or if any such Workmen,

Servant or other Person shall maliciously, and with such Intent as aforesaid, remove, hide or conceal any Flint Glass, before the Officer shall have taken an Account thereof, and charged the Duty thereon, every such Workman, Servant or other Person as aforesaid, shall and may, for any such Offence as aforesaid, be conveyed by any Constable, or other Officer lawful Peace before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in any Part of the United Kingdom, residing near to the Place where any such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon Confession of such Workman or Servant, or other Person as aforesaid, or on Proof upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Workman, Servant or other Person so offending of such Offence; and upon such Conviction, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands Punishment; and Seals respectively, to commit such Workman, Servant or other Person so convicted, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, or Town or other Place in which such Conviction shall take place, for any Length of Time not exceeding Three Months from the Day of such Commitment; and such Workman or Servant, or other Person as aforesaid, so committed as aforesaid, shall, for and during the whole Time of which he or she shall be committed, be kept to Proviso for hard Labour in such Gaol or House of Correction: Provided Continuance of always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed Penalties on or construed to extend to repeal, alter or affect any Penalty or Penalties on the Maker or Makers of such Glass as aforesaid, but that all and every such Maker or Makers shall still remain and continue liable to all and singular such Penalty and Penalties for any Offence or Offences by him, her or them committed, contrary to this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; unless such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass shall prosecute such Workman, Servant or other Person as aforesaid, to Conviction as aforesaid, and shall produce to the Commissioners of Excise a Certificate of such Conviction, and of the Person so convicted having suffered or being in Prison under such Sentence, and suffering such Punishment as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Flint Glass shall be entitled to the Drawback by this Act granted on the Exportation thereof, unless such Glass shall be of the Specific Gravity of Three thousand, the Specific Gravity of Water being taken at One thousand; and that all Glass entered for Exportation on Drawback as Flint Glass, which is of less Specific Gravity than Three thousand as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, no Flint Glass shall be entitled to the Drawback by this Act granted on the Exportation thereof, unless such Glass shall be worth Eleven Pence per Pound at the least, if for Home Consumption, at the Time of such Glass being entered for Exportation; and that all Glass entered for Exportation on Drawback,

Makers offend-

Certificate of Conviction.

Flint Glass of tmdue Gravity not entitled to Drawback. Forfeited.

Flint Glass of less than a certain Value not entitled to Drawback. Forfeited.

C. 117.

963

as Flint Glass, which is of less Value than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Glass which shall be packed up and enclosed in the Packages in which such Glass is intended to be exported, and which shall be sealed up by the Excise Officer for that Purpose, at any Time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, shall be entitled to the Drawback or Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five: Provided always, that such Glass shall be actually shipped for such Exportation within Two Months next after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and shall be duly exported accordingly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Flint Glass, or on the Materials or Metal or other Preparation made use of in Great Britain in the making of Flint Glass, or to the paying or allowing of any Drawback on the Exportation of Flint Glass, in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, are contained, provided, settled or established, for managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing and securing the said Duties, or for paying or allowing any Drawback of the said Duties, and for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, except where the same are expressly repealed or altered by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, except as before excepted, shall continue and be duly observed, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, throughout the whole of hte United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes (except as before excepted) as if the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVIII. And Whereas no Excise Duty upon Flint Glass has hitherto been payable in Ireland, but a Drawback has been paid 6 in Great Britain upon Flint Glass made in Great Britain and exported to Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient, by reason of the Imposition of Duty by this Act on Flint Glass made in Ireland, that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, whenever any Flint Glass shall be shipped in Ireland for Removal to Great Britain, it should be accompanied with a Certificate that the Duty imposed by this Act has been charged and paid in Ireland for or in respect of such Flint Glass, after a Rate of not less than Sixpence per Pound, and to authorize the Collectors and Officers of Ex-

3 Q 2 4 cise

Glass packed as herein mentioned entitled to former Drawback on Exportation.

Proviso.

Regulations and Provisions of former Acts to extend to this AcU

C. 117.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. :1825.

Flint Glass brought from Ireland into G. 13. to be accompanied with Certificate of Payment of Duty.

j- &V.

Jtemoving from Ireland Flint Glass without Duty secured.

Using false Certificate.

Penalty.

Duties, Penal-tic's and Forfeitures, how levied.

1 G.3. c. 23.

cise in Ireland to charge and receive such Duty before such Shipment shall be made Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of Jxdy One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, all and every Person and Persons shipping or being about to ship in Ireland any Flint Glass for Exportation on Drawback, or for the Removal thereof to Great Britain, shall give Notice thereof to the nearest Collector or Officer of Excise, and such Collector and Officer respectively is and are hereby authorized thereupon to attend and to cause all such Flint Glass to be weighed, and if such Flint Glass has not been made in Ireland, and charged with Duty under the Provisions of this Act, to charge the same with Duty after the Rate of Sixpence Bidtish Currency for every Pound Weight thereof; and every Collector and Officer of Excise in Ireland so attending upon such Notice as aforesaid, and so taking an Account thereof, is hereby authorized, before any such Flint Glass shall be shipped in Ireland for Exportation on Drawback, or for Removal to Great Britain, shall, f upon Pa}nnent thereon of the Duty aforesaid to such Collector, or if such Glass shall have been made and charged with Duty under the Provisions of this Act, to grant a Certificate of the Payment of such Duty, or that it is duly secured to be paid, to accompany such Glass upon such Removal as aforesaid; and if, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, any Person or Persons shall export upon Drawback, or shall remove from Ireland, or bring into Great Britain from Ireland any Flint Glass, without such Duty thereon being paid or secured as aforesaid, or when removed into Great Britain unaccompanied with such Certificate, containing such Particulars as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any such Certificate, or shall make use of or deliver any false or untrue Certificate, as and for the Collector's Certificate of such Duty being paid or secured to be paid as aforesaid, on such Glass, all such Glass shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Duty, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XXX. And Whereas in consequence of the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Ma«

jesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate the several Boards ' of Customs, and cdso the several Boards of Excise of Great Britain and Ireland, and in several subsequent Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise respectively arising in Ireland,

or in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

Doubts and Difficulties may have arisen or may arise as to the 1 Punishment of Olienees, and the Recovery of any Fines, Penalties

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 117.

965

1 nalties or Forfeitures in Ireland, in respect of the Duties of c Customs and Excise; and it is expedient that all such Doubts and Difficulties should be obviated Be it therefore further enacted, That until further express Provision shall be made by Until further Parliament for the prosecuting of such Offences, and the Recovery Provisions be of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, all Offences macle l, y Par-relating to the Duties of Customs or Excise in Ireland, and all ^esao-ain'st Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the said Duties res- Laws 0fcus, pectively, which shall or may have happened or been incurred toms and Exin Ireland at any Time before the passing of this Act, or which else in Ireland shall or may happen or be incurred in Ireland at any Time after may be prose-the passing of this Act, under any Provision or Provisions contained in this Act, or any Act or Acts passed either before or covered before since the passing of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of Commissioners ITis present Majesty's Reign, shall and may be proceeded upon, and Subcom- j and prosecuted and sued for, adjudged, recovered, mitigated and roissioners of applied by and before the Commissioner or Commissioners and £U^t-orills1^I)!^ Assistant Commissioners of Customs in Ireland, or any Two of Under°Provi-them, or by or before the Commissioner or Commissioners and sions of Acts Assistant Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, or any Two of in force in them respectively, as the Case may require, or by or before the Ireland; viz. Subordinate Commissioners or Sub commissioners of Customs, or the Subordinate Commissioners or Subcommissioners of Excise respectively, as the Case may require, appointed by the Commissioners of Customs, or by the Commissioners of Excise respectively, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed, appointed and given to the respective Persons therein mentioned or described, in and by Two Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the, 4>15 C. 2. c. 9. Reign of King Charles the Second, the one intituled An Act for the settling of the Subsidy of Poundage, and granting a Subsidy of Tonnage, and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal Majesty, 14 15q0 c 8< His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes (I.) imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed; and the other intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or 7iew Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein mentioned; and in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the 46 G.3. c.io6, several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and in and by any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Acts, or any of them, or any of the Provisions thereof, and in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the passing of the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents,

Constructions and Purposes, as if all such Powers and Authorities were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in the said last recited Act or in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think himself, herself

3 Q 3 or

966

c. in.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force as aforesaid is provided; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, or in this Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Officer em- XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-

powered to dissing of this Act, in all Cases where any Duty or Duties of Excise tram Goods payable in Ireland under this Act, or any Act or Acts in force DuUes°and aU6 m ^re^aru^ relating to any Duty or Duties of Excise, shall be or Materials and remain unpaid at any Time at or after the Time when any such Utensils, in all Duty or Duties is or shall have been, or are or shall be respectively by Law made due and payable, or there shall be any Arrears of any such Duty or Duties, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Collection or District in which any such Duty or Duties shall be payable, by Warrant under his Fland and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Articles, Goods and Commodities for or in respect whereof any such Duty or Duties of Excise is by Law imposed, and all Materials and Preparations for the making or manufacturing thereof respectively, and all Vessels, Engines and Utensils whatever employed in the making or manufacturing of any such Articles, Goods and Commodities of or belonging to or in the Custody or Possession of the Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of any such Articles, Goods or Commodities respectively, from or by whom any such Duty or Duties, or Arrear of Duty, shall be due or owing, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for any such Maker or Manufacturer, wherever such Articles, Goods, Commodities, Materials, Preparations, Vessels, Engines or Utensils may be found; and in case sufficient Distress of the said respective Articles, Goods, Commodities, Materials, Preparations, - Vessels, Engines and Utensils cannot be had, to satisfy all such Duties and Arrears of Duty as shall be so due and owing, then to take and distrain any Goods and Chattels, wherever the same shall be found, of or belonging to the Maker or Manufacturer, from or by whom any such Duty or Duties, or Arrears of Duty, shall be due or owing as aforesaid, and to cause the Goods, Chattels, Notice of Sale Articles and Things which shall have been so distrained to be nt 111sii sold Public Auction, giving Six Days' previous Notice thereof;

and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duty so due, and also the Duties on such of the Goods, Articles or Things (if the same shall be liable to Duty) which shall have been so distrained, together with the Costs and Expences of the taking, distraining, keeping and Sale thereof, there shall be any Surplus Application of arising from such Sale, such Surplus shall be tendered and paid Money. to the Party upon whom such Distress shall be made, or his, her

or their lawful Agent or Representative, as the respective Cases Proviso for may require: Provided always, that when any of the Goods,

Replevin. Chattels, Articles or Things aforesaid shall be so taken, it shall

and may be lawful for the Party upon whom such Distress shall have been made, or his, her or their lawful Agent or Represent-

21 ative,

Cases where Duties are unpaid.

6° GEO. IV. C. 117, 118.

967

ative, at any Time before the Time appointed for the Sale of any such Goods, Chattels, Articles and Things, to require the same to be delivered up to such Party, upon Payment, by or on behalf of such Party, to the Collector or Officer in charge as aforesaid, of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to discharge all such Duties and Arrears of Duty aforesaid, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, and the same shall be delivered up accordingly.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate in Ireland, and also on certain Licences in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Commissioners of Excise to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to repeal so much of an Act as requires Excise Stamps to be affixed on Papers and Pots containing Cocoa Paste.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties upon Gold and Silver Plate wrought, made or manufactured in Ireland, and also the Duties upon Licences for selling and making Gold and Silver Plate,

and for exercising the Trade or Calling of a Hawker and Pedlar,

and also for letting Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage for the Purpose of travelling Post in Ireland, from the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland; and to place such Duties under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland: And Whereas it is also expedient to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties upon Licences for trading in, vending and selling Gold and Silver Plate in Great Britain, from the Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Duties and Sums of Money granted and made payable by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lien of former Duties of Excisej Taxes and Drawbacks, and the Schedule thereto annexed,

3Q1 upon

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Duties of 47 G.3. Sess. l c. 18. Sch. A. on Gold and Silver Plate;

968

C. 118.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

of 55 G.3. c. 19. on Licences to sell or make Gold or Silver Plate; on Licences to Hawkers, &c; and on Licences for letting Horses to Hire, Sec., put under Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

To be paid in British Currency.

Duties on Licences to sell in G.B. Gold or Silver Plate, and on Licences to Pawnbrokers and Refiners, put under Commissioners of Stamps in G.B.

Gold or Silver offered for Sale, &c. deemed as such.

Gold or Silver Lace not deemed Plate,

upon Gold and Silver Plate wrought, made or manufactured in Ireland; and also the Duties and Sums of Money granted and made payable by an Act made and passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Sqjirituous Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage the immoderate JJse of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and the Schedule to the said Act annexed, upon or in respect of Licences to Persons to sell or make Gold or Silver Plate in Ireland; and also upon Licences to Persons to exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker and Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and to travelling Tinkers and Casters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale in Ireland; and also upon Licences for or in respect of every Servant or other Person employed in carrying Goods of any such Plawker, Pedlar or Chapman, and for every Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares and Merchandize in Ireland; and also upon or in respect of Licences to Persons to let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage in Ireland, shall continue in force, and shall be payable and paid to, and shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland for the Time being, and shall be denominated and be deemed and taken to be Stamp Duties, and shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Duties and Sums of Money granted and made payable by any Act or Acts now in force upon or in respect of Licences to Persons trading in, vending or selling in Great Britain any Gold or Silver Plate, and also upon or in respect of Licences to Pawnbrokers trading in, vending or selling Gold and Silver Plate, or taking in or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, and also the Duty upon or in respect of Licences to Refiners of Gold or Silver in Great Britain, shall continue in force, and shall be paid and payable to, and shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamps in Great Britain for the Time being, and shall be denominated and be deemed and taken to be Stamp Duties.

III. And for the obviating all Disputes touching the Quantity or Weight of Gold or Silver respectively manufactured or contained in any Ware or Piece of Goods in Great Britain; Be it further enacted, That all Goods or Wares which shall be sold or offered for sale or taken in pawn, or delivered out as and for Gold or Silver respectively in any Part of Great Britain, shall be deemed and taken to be Gold or Silver respectively within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any other Act or Acts: Provided always, that Gold or Silver Lace, or Gold or Silver Wire,

Thread

C. 118.

969

Thread or Fringe, shall not be deemed Gold or Silver Plate within the Meaning of this Act or any other Act or Acts, and that it shall not be necessary for any Person or Persons trading in or selling or vending Gold and Silver Lace, or Gold or Silver Wire, and Thread or Fringe, in Great Britain, to take out any Licence for trading in or selling Gold or Silver Plate in Great

_ O O

Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Directions in any wise relating to the said Duties upon Gold and Silver Plate, or to the granting any such Licences as aforesaid, or to the Duties upon or in respect of all or any of such Licences respectively contained in the said hereinbefore recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to such Duties or Licences respectively in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act (except so far as the same shall be inconsistent with the express Provisions of this Act), shall be used, executed, exercised and put in force for the securing and collecting of any such Duties as aforesaid, and for the granting of any such Licences respectively by the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Belaud respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and singular such Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Directions had been originally given and granted to such Commissioners of Stamp Duties respectively, and as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to grant all such Licences, and to manage all such Duties respectively, in like Manner as the Commissioners of Excise respectively might have done before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, under and by virtue of any of the said Acts; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any such Act or Acts in respect of any Matter or Thing to be done, or refused or neglected to be done, by any Person or Persons in any wise relating to such Duties or any of them respectively, shall be incurred and forfeited, and shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied upon or in respect of the doing or neglecting or refusing to do any Acts, Matters or Things relating to the said Duties and Licences respectively, by this Act placed under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, and all Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain and Belaud respectively, immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Belaud respectively, so far as the said Acts or any of them can be made applicable to the said Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, and to the Duties on such Licences as aforesaid respectively, shall be of full Force and Effect, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution with respect to the Duties by this Act placed under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Belaud respectively, and for the stamping and marking such Plate, and the

Vellum,

Powers of former Acts relating to the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, and to Licences, shall be put in force by the Commissioners of Stamps in G, B. and Ireland.

Penalties, &c.

how sued for.

Powers of former Acts in relation to Duties under Commissioners of Stamps, as for as they can be applicable to Duties on Gold and Silver Plate and to Licences, shall be put in force with respect to the Duties placed under

C. 118.

6° GEO. IV. A.D.] 825.

their Management.

Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland may stay Proceedings for the Recovery of Penalties, &c.

3 0.4. c. 53.

§7.

repealed.

Vellum, Parchment and Paper on which any such Licences shall be granted, and for preventing, detecting and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries and other Offences relating to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Directions, Provisions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures had been repeated and specially enacted in this present Act, and had been applied to the Duties by this Act continued in force, and placed under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland to stay the Proceedings in any Prosecution commenced by their Direction for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties incurred by any Person or Persons under this Act, or under any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to any of the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, on Payment of Part only of any such Penalty or Penalties, with or without Costs, or on Payment only of the Costs incurred in such Prosecution, or any Part thereof, as the said Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, to give all or any Part of the Sums paid by way of Penalty in any such Prosecution as aforesaid, to or among the Person or Persons informing them of the Offences in respect of which any such Penalty shall be incurred or paid; any Thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

6 VII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of scorched or roasted Corn, Peas, Beans or Parsnips, and of Cocoa Paste, Broma and other Mixtures of Cocoa, it is amongst other Things enacted, that all Cocoa Paste,

Broma and other Mixtures, and Preparations of Cocoa, as des *

cribed in the Act, shall be inclosed in Paper sealed and stamped, or in some Pot or other Vessel to which a Stamp shall be affixed, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time direct for that Purpose: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act hereinbefore recited as requires such Stamps to be affixed as aforesaid should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act hereinbefore recited as requires such Stamp and Stamps to be so affixed, shall, from and after the [Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Arrear of such Stamp Duty which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, or incurred before that Day.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 119.

971

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to allow Newspapers to be printed upon Paper of a larger Size than is now allowed; and to reduce the Stamp Duties now payable upon Supplements to Newspapers and other Papers in Gn'cat Britain.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove the Restrictions which i prevent the printing of Newspapers upon Paper not exceeding Thirty two Inches in Length and Twenty two Inches ' in Breadth: And Whereas it is expedient to allow Supplements '

to Newspapers containing Advertisements only to be printed ' and published subject to a Stamp Duty not exceeding One Half £ of the Stamp Duties now payable on Newspapers, and to allow ' Papers not containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, c but containing only or principally Advertisements, to be printed ' and published periodically, subject to a like reduced Stamp ' Duty; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Newspapers the Commencement of this Act, any Newspaper or Paper con- may be printed taining Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, shall and may on PaPer of be printed and published in Great Britain upon any single Sheet any lze* or Piece of Paper duly stamped, although such Sheet of Paper shall exceed Thirty two Inches in Length and Twenty two Inches in Breadth, and whatever Size such Sheet or Piece of Paper may be; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized and directed, when thereunto required, to mark and stamp any such single Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Paper, to be used for printing thereon any Newspaper or other Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, although such Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Paper, shall respectively be of a larger Size than Thirty two Inches in Length and Twenty two Inches in Breadth; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- j)llty on gup_ mencement of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected plements to and paid in Great Britain, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- Newspapers, cessors, for and in respect of the Articles, Matters and Things and on p.aPers following, the several Stamp Duties or Sums of Money following; ^ntaildng that is to say, for every Supplement to an}^ Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences printed in

Great Britain, such Supplement containing Advertisements only,

(that is to say,) for every Sheet, Half Sheet, or other Piece of Paper on which such Supplement shall be printed, the Sum of Two Pence; and for every Paper printed in Great Britain, weekly or oftener, or at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days, containing only or principally Advertisements, and not containing any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, for every Sheet,

Half Sheet, or other Piece of Paper, the Sum of Two Pence.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted Duties under shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners Management of

of

972

C. 119.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commissioners of Stamps.

Printing Newspapers with Stamp denoting Duty on Supplements, and on Papers containing Advertisements only; and not conforming to tire Regulations herein mentioned.

of Stamps in Great Britain; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide and use proper and sufficient Plates, Stamps or Dies, for marking, expressing and denoting the Duties hereby granted, and to alter and renew such Plates, Stamps or Dies, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the several Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or any former Commissioners of Stamps are or have been authorized to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Duties under their Care and Management, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to print in or upon any Paper which shall be stamped with a Stamp denoting the Duties by this Act granted, any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences whatsoever; and that upon every Supplement to any Newspaper chargeable with the Duties granted by this Act there shall be printed the Name and Title of the Newspaper to which the same shall be a Supplement; and that upon every Paper printed weekly or oftener, or at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days, chargeable with the Duties granted by this Act, there shall be printed the Name and Title of such Paper; and that upon every such Supplement, and also upon every such other Paper respectively, there shall be printed in large Type at the Top of each Side of every such Supplement or other Paper as aforesaid respectively, the Month, and Day of the Month, and Year, on which such Newspaper or other Paper respectively shall be published, and the Name of the Printer and Place of printing, in large Type, in or upon some conspicuous Part of every such Supplement or other Paper as aforesaid respectively; and that if any Person shall print, or cause or permit or suffer to be printed, any Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, other than Advertisements, in or upon any such Supplement to any Newspaper, or in or upon any such Paper, printed weekly or oftener, or at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days, or if any Person shall print, or cause or permit or suffer to be printed, any Supplement or Supplements to any Newspaper, without the Name and Title of the Newspaper, or any such Paper printed weekly or oftener, or at Intervals not exceeding Twenty six Days, without the Title thereof being respectively printed in large'.Type at the Top of each Side of every such Supplement or other Paper as aforesaid respectively, or without the Month, and Day of the Month, and Year, on which such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid respectively shall be published, or without the Name of the Printer, and the Place of printing, in large Type, in or upon some conspicuous Part of every such Supplement or other Paper as aforesaid, being respectively printed in or upon every such Supplement or other Paper as aforesaid respectively, in Manner hereinbefore directed; every Person so offending shall

forfeit

A.D. J 825.

6° GEO. IV. C. 119.

97

forfeit and pay, over and above all other Penalties recoverable Penalty, by Law, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Provisions of Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Allowances, Exemptions, Privileges, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in and ^pefsextended imposed or granted by the several Acts of Parliament relating [o this Act. to Newspapers, and the Duties of Stamps thereon, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties by this Act granted, and to the Articles, Matters and Things charged or chargeable with Duty, so far as the same are or can be made applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall respectively be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same are or can be made consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein severally repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forfeited f or counterfeited, any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, which shall have been or shall be provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, for expressing and denoting any of the Duties granted by this Act; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, the Impression, or any Part or Resemblance of the Impression, of any such Plate, Stamp or Die, upon any Paper whatsoever; or shall stamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Paper whatsoever, with any such forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by this Act granted or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall utter or sell, or expose to Sale, any Paper having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die, or Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any such forged or counterfeited Impression, or Part or Resemblance of Impression as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if any Person shall privately and secretly use any Plate, Stamp or Die which shall have been so provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Fleirs and Successors; then every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting or assisting any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect, as to all Matters and Things therein contained, from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

Forging Stamps, j- Sic.

Stamping Papers with forged Stamps.

Utlering Papers with forged Stamps, &c.

Death.

[Commencement of Act.]

974.

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

CAP. CXX.

4 G.4. c. 85.

Division of Court of Session altered.

50 G.S. c. 112.

53 G.3. c. 64.

An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Alterations should VY be made in the Forms of Proceeding in the Courts of Law in Scotland, and sundry Regulations established for the better expediting of Business in those Courts: And Whereas certain Acts were passed in the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Reign of His present Majesty, concerning the Administration of Justice im Scotland, and Appeals to the House of Lords; and for the better regulating of the Court of Session in Scotland; and for extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes:

And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering Commissioners, to be appointed by His Majesty, to inquire into the Forms of Process in the Courts of Latv in Scotland, and the Course of Appeals to the House of Lords: And Whereas, pursuant to the said last mentioned Act, His Majesty did name and appoint by His Royal Sign Manual certain Persons to inquire into the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland, and to report on sundry Matters particularly therein set forth: And Whereas the said Commissioners so appointed have made a Report to His Majesty upon the Subject Matter upon which they were so directed to report, which Report has been laid before the Two Houses of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the before mentioned Acts should in certain Particulars be altered and amended, and that certain Regulations should be established for the expediting of Business before the Courts of Law in Scotland, and for extending Trial by Jury in Civil Causes, which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Eleventh Day of November next to come, the Seven junior Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session shall be relieved from Attendance in the Inner House, and shall not sit therein, unless in so far as is hereinafter provided, but shall act as Lords Ordinary in the Outer House, to perform the Business which by the subsisting Acts and Usages belong to the Office of Lords Ordinary in the Outer Flouse; and the Lord President, and Three of the senior Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, shall form the Inner House of the First Division, and the Lord Justice Clerk, with the remaining senior Ordinary Judges, shall form the Inner House of the Second Division; and the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for abridging the Forms of extracting Decrees in the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court; and also of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better regulating of

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

975

the Court of Session in Scotland; and also of an Act of the First 1 & 2 G.4. c, 38. and Second of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealed. establishing certain Regulations respecting certain Parts of the Proceedings of the Court of Session, in so far as the same may be found inconsistent with the Regulations above expressed, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that the Proviso for the Judges who now sit in the Inner House of either Division shall Judges now not be affected by this Enactment, except with their own Consent; House

and therefore the Number of Judges who are to form the Inner House of either Division, and of Lords Ordinary officiating in the Outer House, shall remain as at present, until, either by the Consent of the present Judges, or by new Appointments of Judges, the Enactment may be carried into Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Proceedings for Eleventh Day of November next, in all ordinary Actions in the preparing of Court of Session, the Pursuer or Pursuers shall, in the Summons, Ordinary

set forth in explicit Terms the Nature, Extent and Grounds o^Judgment.^ of the Complaint or fCause of Action, and the Conclusions which, according to the Form of the particular Action, the said Pursuer or Pursuers shall by the Law and Practice of Scotland be entitled to deduce therefrom; and in like Manner, the De- Summons, fender or Defenders shall in the Defences state in explicit Terms every Defence, both dilatory and peremptory, on which he or Defences, they means or mean to rely, and shall in particular meet the Statement of Facts and the Conclusions deduced from them in the Pursuer's Summons, either by denying the Facts therein stated, or by admitting the same, and in answer setting forth in explicit Terms the Facts on which the said Defender or Defenders found, subjoining a Summary of the Pleas in Law which are to be maintained by such Defender or Defenders.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, Production of That along with the Summons and with the Defence the Parties Writings shall respectively produce the Deeds or Writings on which they founded on. respectively found, so far as the same are in their Custody, or

within their Power.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in ordinary Causes where No Judgment the Defender shall make Appearance, and neither Party shall pronounced till abandon the Cause, neither the Lord Ordinary officiating in the Record Outer House, nor the Court, shall proceed to give Judgment U£) an c 06ed# upon the Merits in the Cause, until the respective Averments

of the Parties in Fact, and their Pleas in Matter of Law, shall, as hereinafter directed, be set forth on the Record, and the Re- ' cord made up and authenticated in manner hereinafter appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, The Disposal That it shall be the Duty of the Lord Ordinary, at the first of the dilatory Calling of the Cause before him, to hear the Parties on the Defences re-dilatory Defences, with Power to reserve Consideration on such gulated' dilatory Defences as require Probation, until the peremptory Defences shall be pleaded, and the Record adjusted in the Manner hereinafter directed; and if the Lord Ordinary shall sustain the

dilatory Defences, or any of them, to the Effect of dismissing the Action, he shall at the same Time determine the Matter of Expences; but if, on the contrary, the said Ordinary shall repel the dilatory Defences, the Cause shall then, with the Exception

herein-

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Examination by the Lord Ordinary into the Correctness of the Summons ] and Defences.

Of Defences peremptory.

hereinafter to be mentioned, proceed in its due Course of Preparation, without any separate Interlocutor being pronounced respecting Expences, reserving this Part of the Expence to be disposed of along with the rest of the Expence in the final Decision of the Cause; and the Judgment of the Lord Ordinary on the dilatory Defences shall be final, unless the Pursuer, where the Defences have been sustained and the Action dismissed, shall, within Twenty one Days from and after the Date of the Lord Ordinary's Judgment, apply by a Note in manner hereinafter directed, to have such Judgment reviewed by the Judges of the Inner House, or unless, in the Case where the Lord Ordinary shall have repelled the Defences, the Defender shall, at the Time df pronouncing Judgment as aforesaid, give Notice of his Intention to bring the Judgment under Review, in which Case the Lord Ordinary, instead of proceeding with the Preparation of the Cause, shall forthwith give Judgment for the Expence of that preliminary Discussion; and the Defender shall then be entitled, at any Time within Twenty one Days from the Date of the Interlocutor, to apply by Note to the Inner House for a Review of the Lord Ordinary's Judgment; and if the Defender shall not avail himself of the Right thus to bring the Judgment of the Lord Ordinary under Review, an Interim Decree, with Expence of Extract, shall be allowed to go out for the Expences for which Judgment shall have been given as aforesaid; and in reviewing the Lord Ordinary's Judgment, and adhering to or altering the Interlocutor by him pronounced, the Court shall also dispose of the Matter of Expences relative to that preliminary Discussion; and if the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary repelling the Defence shall be adhered to, an Interim Decree shall be pronounced for the Expences decerned for by him, with the additional Expence in the Court, if such shall be allowed, on which Interim Decree Execution may proceed; rmd it shall not be competent to appeal to the House of Lords against the Interlocutory Judgment, where the Action is not dismissed, unless express Leave be given by the Court, reserving the Effect of the Defence if an Appeal should afterwards be taken in the Cause when finally decided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where no dilatory Defence shall have been stated, or in case all dilatory Defences have been finally repelled, the Lord Ordinary shall proceed to examine into the Correctness of the Summons and of the peremptory Defences; and if it shall appear to the Lord Ordinary, that the Grounds of Action, as set forth in the Summons, are in Terms not sufficiently positive and clear, or the Conclusion not regularly or legally deduced according to the Form and Nature of the Action, and the Laws and Practice of Scotland, he may either dismiss the Action, decerning for Expences, and reserving to the Pursuer the Right to bring a new Action, or order an Amendment of the Libel, and give Interim Decree against the Pursuer for the Expences occasioned by the incorrect Form of the Summons; on which Interim Decree, if necessary, Execution may proceed forthwith; and in like Manner, if it shall appear to the Lord Ordinary that the Defender has not set forth his peremptory Defences or Exceptions in Terms sufficiently in point of Fact, and with due Correctness in point of Law, the Lord Ordinary may

order

A.D. 1825.

C. 120.

977

6° cfco. rv.

order Defences more satisfactory and correct to be given in, and give Decree against the Defender for the Expence occasioned by his imperfect or evasive Defences; and the Expences awarded in this preliminary Adjustment of the Summons and Defences, when an amended Summons or additional Defences shall be ordered, shall, at lodging such amended Summons or Defences, be paid over to the Clerk for Behoof of the Pursuer or of the Defender, as the Case may be, without which the amended Summons or Defences shall not be received; and the Lord Ordinary's Determination, thus dismissing the Action, or ordering an Amendment of the Libel, or more satisfactory Defences, with Expences, shall be final, unless within Twenty one Days from the Date of the Interlocutor Application shall be made, as hereinafter directed, to have the Interlocutor reviewed by the Inner House.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where the Lord Ordinary shall be satisfied that the Summons and Defences are in point of Fact sufficiently explicit, and correctly deduced in point of Law, and that no further Disclosure of Facts or of Pleas is necessary for the due Preparation of the Cause for Trial, he shall require the Parties to state positively whether they are willing to hold the Summons and Defences as containing their full and final Statement of Facts, and Pleas in Law; and if they agree so to do, then the Clerk shall set forth in a Minute their Assent to that Effect, which shall be signed by the Counsel on each Side, and the Record shall forthwith be completed as hereinafter directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Parties do not agree to hold the Summons and Defences as setting forth fully the Facts and Pleas respectively founded on; -or where the Lord Ordinary shall think fit, he shall order the Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, to give in, the one a Condescendence, the other an Answer, or mutual Condescendence, setting forth without Argument the Facts which they aver and offer to prove in support of the Summons and Defences; and in such Condescendence, Answers or mutual Condescendences, the Parties shall, in substantive Propositions, and under distinct Heads or Articles, set forth all Facts and Circumstances pertinent to the Cause of Action or to the Defence, and which they respectively allege and offer to prove; and along with such Condescendence or Answer, or mutual Condescendences, the Parties shall respectively produce all Writings in their Custody or within their Power, not already produced, on which they mean to found.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Condescendences or Condescendence and Answers shall be lodged, the Parties shall respectively revise their Condescendences and Answers, and make such Alterations thereon as may appear to them to be necessary, in order fully to meet the opposite Averments; and in order that the Averments of the Parties may be finally adjusted with due regard to the Matter of Law to be maintained by them respectively, each of the Parties shall, along with the Copy of his revised Condescendence or Answer, lodge with the Clerk, previous to the final Adjustment of the Record, a short and concise Note, drawn and signed by Counsel, of the Pleas in Law on which the Action or Defence is to be maintained; and in such Notes the Matter of Law so to be stated shall be set forth

4 Geo. IV. 3 R in

Determination of Lord Ordinary final, less Application.

The Record to be completed.

Minute of Assent of Parties. '

Parties not agreeing are to put iu Condescendences and Answers.

Order for Condescendence and Answers.

Nature and Form thereof.

Writings to be produced. *

Condescendence and Answers to be revised.

978

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 185.

Notes of Grounds in Law on which the Parties rely. Final Adjustment of Condescendences and Notes of Pleas.

Condescend-] ences and Notes to be signed by Counsel.

Record made " up to foreclose Parties in point of Fact.

Exception of Res noviter veniens ad Notitiam.

How such new Matter to be admitted on the Record.

Note of Pleas to foreclose in point of Law;

Exception of new Pleas admitted with Leave of Court.

Regulations a to Orders for compelling Parties to lodge

in distinct and separate Propositions, without Argument, but accompanied by a Reference to the Authorities relied on.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Parties shall appear before the Lord Ordinary, for the Purpose of finally adjusting their respective Averments in fact, and their Notes of Pleas, when it shall be the Duty of the Lord Ordinary to hear the respective Explanations of the Parties, and to examine as before directed with the Statement of the Facts respective ^, and of the Pleas, as applicable to the Summons and Cause of Action and to the Defence, and to suggest any new Plea which may to him appear necessary to exhaust the whole disputable Matter in Law or Fact in the Cause, after which the adjusted Condescendences and Answers, and relative Notes of Pleas, shall be subscribed by the Counsel for the [Parties; and before any Order shall be pronounced or Judgment delivered, as to the Disposal of the Cause, the Record of the Pleadings as adjusted shall be authenticated by the Lord Ordinary by his Signature; and the Record so made up and authenticated shall be held as foreclosing the Parties from the Statement of any new Averments in point of Fact; and no Amendment of the Libel or new Ground of Defence shall be allowed after the Record shall have been thus completed, under the Exception hereafter to be mentioned; the Pursuers having it in his Power notwithstanding to abandon the Cause on paying full Expences or Costs to the Defender, and to bring a new Action if otherwise competent: Provided always, that it shall be competent to either Party in the Course of a Cause to state Matter of Fact noviter veniens ad Notitiam, or emerging since the Commencement of the Action, if on Cause-shown Leave shall be obtained from the Lord Ordinary or the Court so to do, the said Party always paying, previous to stating such new Matter on the Record, such Expences as may be deemed reasonable by the Lord Ordinary or the Court; and if Leave be granted, the new Matter shall within a Time to be limited be stated in the Shape of a specific Condescendence framed as above, accompanied by a Note stating the Plea in Law arising therefrom; and the adverse Party shall in such Case be ordered within a reasonable Time to put in his Answer to such Condescendence and Plea, to be adjusted and made a Part of the Record as before directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Pleas stated on the Record, and authenticated as before directed, shall be held as the sole Grounds of Action or of Defence in point of Law, and to which the future Arguments of the Parties shall be confined: Provided always, that where any new Plea or Ground in Law shall, after the Completion of the Record as before, be in the Course of the Cause suggested, either by the Lord Ordinary or by the Judges in the Inner House, or by the Party, as fit to be discussed in relation to the Facts already set forth, it shall and may be competent, with Leave of the Lord Ordinary or of the Court, to add such Plea to the Note of Pleas authenticated by the Lord Ordinary as before.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Ordinary shall, in every Instance, on due Consideration of the Circumstances, fix the Time within which such Condescendences and Answers shall be lodged, and such Time shall not be prorogated, except on

, Pay-

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 1 20.

97

Payment of the Expences previously incurred, unless before the Lapse of the Time so fixed, special Application shall be made for such Prorogation, nor shall the Prorogation in any Instance be granted, except on Cause shewn, nor oftener than once; and if the Party shall fail to lodge his Condescendence or Answers, as the Case may be, within the Time originally fixed, or afterwards prorogated, the Lord Ordinary may hold the Summons or Defences for such Party as his Condescendence or Answers, finally fixing the Averments in point of Fact, on which he founds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Record of the Averments and Pleas shall have been adjusted and closed as hereinbefore directed, and when it shall appear that the Parties have respectively admitted on the Record all the Facts requisite to the Decision of the Cause, so as to render any Trial of the Facts unnecessary, the Lord Ordinary may proceed to decide the Cause with or without further Argument, or he may take the Cause to report to the Inner House in the Form hereinafter appointed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Parties differ as to Facts which do not require to be ascertained by Jury Trial, the Lord Ordinary shall give such Orders and Directions for the Ascertainment of the Facts as to him shall appear expedient, and his Order for Disposal of the Cause shall be final, unless brought under Review of the Inner House in the Form hereinafter directed, within Twenty one Days after such Order is pronounced; and if so brought under Review, the Interlocutor of the Inner House shall be final, without Appeal, unless on Leave expressly granted, reserving the Effect of any Objection to the Course of Proceeding in any final Appeal on the Merits of the Cause.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where the Parties differ as to Facts which require to be ascertained by Jury Trial, the Lord Ordinary shall have it in his Power either to remit the whole Cause to the Jury Court for Trial, or to send to that Court a particular Issue or Issues, in order to have such Matter of Fact ascertained, as he may deem necessary for deciding the Cause; and the Order by the Lord Ordinary, in so far as it thus remits a Cause, shall be final.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authorit}' aforesaid, That where a Cause is by means of Admissions, or from the Nature of the Cause, deemed fit to be discussed and determined in the Court of Session, without having recourse to Jury Trial, or when the Parties concur in desiring to have a Question of Law or of Relevancy determined previous to Trial by Jury, or when it shall be finally ordered by the Lord Ordinary or the Inner House, that any Question of Law or Relevancy shall be determined previous to Trial, or when the Cause shall come back to the Court of Session with a Verdict on a special Issue sent for Trial, in these, or any of these or the like Cases, the Lord Ordinary may either proceed himself to decide the Cause or Matter to be determined, or take it to report to the Inner House, as to him shall seem most expedient; and he may either order the Parties to argue the whole or any Part of the Cause before him, as often as he may find it necessary, or direct Cases in Writing to be prepared by the Parties in the Form hereinafter appointed, and to be seen, interchanged, and finally adjusted; and for compelling Obedience to

3 R 2 such

Condescendences, &c.

Of proceeding to further Disposal of Cause,

Of Ascertainment of Fact otherwise than by Admission.

Of Remits for Jury Trial.

Discussion of Cause on the Merits.

Power to Lord Ordinary to order Cases to be prepared.

50 C. 120. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

such Order, the Court of Session are hereby required and enjoined to take effectual Means, by Regulations to be by them made, as hereinafter directed; and after such Cases shall have been so lodged, the Parties shall have an Opportunity of being further heard, if they or either of them shall desire it. d determine XVII. And be it further enacted, That in pronouncing Judg-:)sts* ment on the Merits of the Cause, the Lord Ordinary shall also

determine the Matter of Expences, so far as not already settled, owfarJudg- eit^er giving or refusing the same in whole or in part; and every ent final in& Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary shall be final in the Outer House, uter House, subject however to the Review of the Inner House, in manner hereinafter directed, f the Review XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Interlocutor r Inner House shall have been pronounced by the Lord Ordinary, either of the *Judgments Parties dis-satisfied therewith shall be entitled to apply for a Re-Lord Ordi- view of it to the Inner House of the Division to which the Lord iry' Ordinary belongs; provided that such Party shall, within Twenty

one Days from the Date of the Interlocutor, print and put into the Boxes appointed for receiving the Papers to be perused by the Judges, a Note reciting the Lord Ordinary's Interlocutor, and praying the Court to alter the same in whole or in part; and if the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary shall have been pronounced on Cases, the Party applying for a Review shall, along with the Note as above directed, print and put into the Boxes, the Cases which have been before the Lord Ordinary and if the Interlocutor has been pronounced without Cases, the Party so applying shall, along with his Note as above directed, put into the Boxes printed Copies of the Record authenticated as before, and shall at the same Time give Notice of his Application for Review by Delivery of Six Copies of the Note to the known Agent of the opposite Party; and it shall in no Case be competent for either Party, from and after the said Eleventh Day of November, to bring any Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary under Review of the Inner House, by the Form of reclaiming Petition as now in use, but only in the me^House0^ -^0e t^us directed; and the Inner House shall have Power, be-i*reviewing6 fore Proceeding to decide the Cause (where Cases have not already Lidgment of been ordered in the Outer House), to appoint Parties to prepare ord Ordinary, and print Cases in the Form hereinafter directed, and whether Cases have been sent from the Outer House or ordered in the Inner House, the Court shall allow Counsel to be heard before giving Judgment in the Cause; and that in all Causes before pronouncing Judgment, it shall be in the Power of the Court to order an Argument by Counsel, as often as they see fit, and on the whole or on such Parts of the Cause as shall seem to the Court to require further Argument.

f reporting XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, auses to Inner Lhat t}ie Lord Ordinary may, after Intimation to the Parties, 0USL' report verbally to the Inner House any incidental Matter which

may arise in the Course of the Cause, and such Matter so reported by the Lord Ordinary shall be disposed of upon Argument by Counsel, unless the Court shall, when the Matter comes before them, think fit to order Cases; and if Judgment shall be pronounced by the Court, or an Order shall be made in respect to the Matter so reported, that Judgment or Order shall be final, and the

Court

6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

Court shall either settle the Expence relative to the Point so reported, or reserve Consideration thereof to the End of the Cause.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where the Lord Ordinary shall take the whole Cause to report, he shall at the same Time order the Parties to prepare and lodge Cases in the Form to be hereinafter directed, to be seen and interchanged; and the Interlocutor so taking the Cause to report, and the Order for Cases, shall be final; and when the Cause shall come to be advised by the Court on Cases prepared in consequence of such Order, or on Cases prepared by Order of the Inner House, the Court shall give to the Counsel an Opportunity of being heard before proceeding to Judgment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Inner House shall, in deciding the Cause; also determine the Matter of Expences; and the Judgment pronounced by the Inner House shall in all Causes be final in the Court of Session.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That wherever Cases shall be ordered, whether by the Lord Ordinary or by the Inner House, the Case shall commence with a Copy of the Record, as authenticated by the Lord Ordinary; and each Ground of Law or Plea, as stated in the Record, shall be separately argued in the Case.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to preserve Uniformity in the Decisions of the Court, and to settle doubtful Questions of Law which may arise, the Judges of either Division may, in all Causes in which the Judges of the Inner House shall be equally divided in Opinion, direct the Cause to be judged either by the Inner House Judges of both Divisions, or by the whole Court, including the Lords Ordinary; and in such Cases as it shall appear to them advisable to have any Question occurring before them settled by the Judgment of the whole Court, the Judges of either Division may order that such Matter shall be heard before the whole Judges; and Judgment shall in all Causes be pronounced according to the Opinion of the Majority of the Judges present; and the Interlocutor shall bear to be the Judgment of the Division before which the Cause depends after consulting with the other Judges.

XXIV. And Whereas by an Act of the Forty eighth Year of ' His late Majesty, intituled An Act ' concerning the Adminisirci-£ tion of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House ' of Lords, the Judges of either Division are empowered to require the Opinions of the other Division, upon Questions stated in Writing Be it enacted, That they may on such Occasions also be entitled to require the Opinion of the permanent Ordinaries; and the Judgment to be pronounced in the Cause shall be according to the Opinion of the Majority of all the Judges so consulted, and shall bear that it is the judgment of the Division before which the Cause depends after consulting with the other Judges.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the First Day of the next Session of Parliament, the Decrees or Orders of the Court of Session, whether pronounced before or after that Time, shall be final and not subject to be complained of by Appeal to the House of Lords, unless the Petition of Appeal shall be lodged with the Clerk of

3 R 3 Par-

98:

Report of Caus< itself on Cases.

Court to hear Parties.

Judgment o\ Inner House t< decide Costs, and final.

How Cases shall be prepared.

Of Consultations of Judge in difficult and doubtful Questions.

Majority.

48 G.3, c, 151.

§ 10.

Opinion of per manent Ordinaries taken, Judgment by Majority.

Of Appeal to the House of Lords.

Limitation.

982

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso for Persons out of the Kingdom,

and for Infants, &c.

What Papers to be laid before the House of Lords in case of Appeal.

Voceedings i iT Extraordinary

Parliament, or the Clerk Assistant, within Two Years from the Day of signing the last Interlocutor appealed from, or before the End of Fourteen Days to be accounted from and after the First Day of the Session or Meeting of Parliament for the Dispatch of public Business next ensuing the said Two Years: Provided always, that when the Person or Persons entitled to appeal shall be out of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be competent for him or them to enter an Appeal at any Time within Five Years from the Date of the last Interlocutor, if he or they shall remain abroad so long, or within Two Years from the Time of coming into Great Britain or Ireland; the Time allowed to such Person or Persons for lodging his or their Appeal in no Case on account of mere Absence exceeding the foresaid Space of Five Years, together with the Space that may elapse before the End of the Fourteenth Day from and after the Session or Meeting of Parliament next after the Expiration of the said Five Years; and in case the Person or Persons so entitled to appeal shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or non compos mentis, it shall be competent for them, or their Heirs or Representatives, where no Appeal had been previously entered on this behalf, to enter an Appeal at any Time within Two Years after full Age or coming of sound Mind, or after the Death of the Persons so disqualified and the opening of the Succession to the Heir, or before the End of Fourteen Days after the First Day of the the Session or Meeting of Parliament next ensuing the said Two Years.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Cause shall be carried by Appeal to the House of Lords, the Appellant shall lay before the House a Copy, certified as authentic by the Signature of One of the principal Clerks of Session, or of One of the Assistants of the said Clerks, for whom the principal Clerks shall be responsible, of the whole Record of the Averments and Pleas authenticated by the Lord Ordinary in manner above directed; and instead of such Cases as are delivered at present to the House of Lords, each Party shall present to the House of Lords a Case containing a printed Copy of the Record as authenticated, and of the Case presented to the Court of Session, if such there be'; and they shall also be at liberty to annex a supplementary Statement, containing an Account of the further Steps which have been taken in the Cause since the Record was completed, or the former Cases prepared, and Copies of the Interlocutors or Parts of Interlocutors complained against, with a Summary of such additional Reasons as may be thought fit, set down in the Form now used in the House of Lords.

XXVII. And Whereas, according to the Forms now observed in the Court of Session, there are certain Classes of Actions £ in which the Forms of Process and the Mode of preparing and £ discussing the Cause are different from those observed in the £ Class of Causes called Ordinary Causes; but it is expedient that £ all Classes of Causes should, as nearly as may be, consistently £ with the Nature and Object of the Action, be prepared for £ Decision, and discussed according to the Method and on the ' Principles above laid down f Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rescissory Actions, except Reductions

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

98Z

tions of the Decrees of the Court of Admiralty in Maritime and Inner Causes, shall, from and after the said Eleventh Day of November House Causes next, be inrolled and continue before the Junior Lord Ordinary without being taken by Avizandum to the Inner House, and thence remitted for Discussion; and before the Lord Ordinary the said Actions shall, with such Exceptions as the Judges under the Powers hereinafter delegated to them shall think necessary, be prepared and disc ussed according to the Form and Method already directed with regard to ordinary Actions, but without Prejudice to the present Forms of Actions of Reduction in other Respects, and in regard to Suspensions and Reductions of Decrees pronounced by the Court of Admiralty in Maritime Causes, notwithstanding the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Year of His prese Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regizl- l & 2 G.4. c. 39. ation of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland; and in respect to all other Actions whether originating in the Outer House or originating by Petition, or by Petition and Complaint, or otherwise, in the Inner House, the Court of Session are hereby required, under the Powers hereafter expressed, to establish by Act of Sederunt such Forms of Process suited to those several Causes as shall be most expedient and best adapted for preparing for Decision such Causes, and for duly separating the Matter of Fact from the Matter of Law involved therein, according to the Principles and Mode of Proceeding above provided with regard to ordinary Causes, and with Power to the Court to order such Causes to be prepared, discussed, and in the First Instance determined in the Outer House, or reported to the Inner House, as may seem best calculated for the due Investigation and Decision of such Causes.

XXVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth 55 G.3. c. 42.

Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of c Great Britain called Scotland, by the extending of Jury Trial ' to Civil Causes; and by another Act passed in the Fifty ninth 59 G.3. c. 35.

Year of His late Majesty's Reign, to amend the Act above §1, 2, 3.

6 mentioned; and by Regulations framed and approved of in the c Manner by the foresaid Acts provided, several Provisions have

been made relating to the Jury Court, and to Trial by Jury in Civil Causes, some of which it is expedient to repeal, vary

and amend, and to make other Provisions for the further Im- repealed.

provement of that Mode of Trial Be it therefore further

enacted, That the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty ninth of George the Third, by which it is directed that certain Actions be remitted to the Jury Court, but that previous to their being so remitted to the Jury Court, Questions of Law or Relevancy may be raised, pleaded and decided in the Court of Session, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and the following Action, whether originating in the Court of Session or in the Court of Admiralty, shall be held as Causes appropriate to the Jury Court, and shall, for the Purpose of being discussed and determined in that Court, be remitted at once to that Court in Manner hereinafter to be directed; namely, all Actions on account of Injury -

i*7 A n J J Description anc

to the Person, whether real or verbal, as Assault and Battery, Enumeration of

Libel or Defamation; all Actions on account of any Injury to those Causes.

Moveables or to Land, when in this last Case the Title is not in

3 R 4* question;

984

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Causes? arising in the Court of Session.

Such Causes in the Court of Admiralty, as soon as Appearance is made for Defendant, remitted to Jury Court.

Two judges of Court of Session to be additional Commissioners of Jury Court.

His Majesty may appoint such additional judges, as by

question; all Actions for Damages on Account of Breach of Promise of Marriage, or on account of Seduction or Adultery; all" Actions founded on Delinquency or quasi Delinquency of any Kind, where the Conclusion shall be for Damages only and Expences; all Actions on the Responsibility of Shipmasters and Owners, Carriers by Land or Water, Innkeepers or Stablers, for the safe Custody and Care of Goods and Commodities, Horses, Money, Clothes, Jewels and other Articles, and in general all Actions grounded on the Principle of the Edict Nciutce Caupones Stabularii; all Actions brought for Nuisance; all Actions of Reduction on the Head of Furiosity and Idiotcy, or on Facility and Lesion, or on Force and Fear; all Actions on Policies of Insurance, whether for Maritime or Fire or Life Insurance; all Actions on Charter Parties and Bills of Lading; all Actions for Freight; all Actions on Contracts for the Carriage of Goods by Land or Water; and Actions for the Wages of Masters and Mariners of Ships or Vessels.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Actions above enumerated, originating in the Court of Session, shall be first inrolled in the Roll called the Regulation Roll, whether Appearance shall have been entered for the Defender or not; and if no Appearance shall be made when the Cause is called, Decree shall be pronounced in Absence, according to the present Practice; but if Appearance shall be made for the Defender, or as soon as the Defender shall be reponed against a Decree in Absence, the Lord Ordinary shall forthwith remit the Cause to the Jury Court; and in any of the Causes or Actions above enumerated, which shall originate in the Court of Admiralty, Judgment shall at the first Calling before the Judge Admiral be pronounced, if no Appearance shall be made for the Defender; but as soon as the Defender shall enter Appearance, and be reponed against the Decree pronounced iii Absence, the Judge Admiral shall forthwith remit the Cause to the Jury Court, provided the Demand shall amount to Forty Pounds and upwards, and provided, that if the Cause be maritime, Caution shall have been found according to the Practice of that Court; and such Causes when remitted to the Jury Court, from -whatever Court, shall be prepared, and the Record of Averments and of Pleas completed and authenticated by the Jury Court, or any One of the Judges of that Court, in the same Manner as is hereby directed to be done in the Court of Session.

XXX. And in contemplation of the Increase of Causes thus to be remitted to the Jury Court, ' Be it further enacted, That, of the Judges of the Court of Session, Two shall be appointed as additional Commissioners of the Jury Court; and that in the Preparation of the enumerated Causes which shall be sent at once to the Jury Court as above, the Jury Court, or One of the Judges thereof, shall proceed in the Way and Manner hereinbefore directed, in regard to the Preparation of Causes in the Court of Session.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such Two of the said Judges of the Court of Session to be additional Judges of the Jury Court, in the Manner in which Judges of the Jury Court are directed

to

6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

985

to be appointed by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third, intituled An Act to jfacilitate t-lie Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending the Trial by Jury to Civil Causes; and to each of such Judges there shall be paid the Sum of Six hundred Pounds per Annum, payable in the same Manner and at the same Time with the Salaries of the other Judges of the said Jury Court; for which Purpose it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, to order and direct to be issued by Quarterly Payments, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by the several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, in addition to the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, directed by the said recited Act to be issued in the Manner therein directed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Assistant Clerk and Closet Keeper, or any other Clerk or Officer of Court in the said Court of Session, or any Clerk or other Officer in the said Court of Teinds, or in the said Court of Admiralty, Courts in Scotland, shall make Application to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, setting forth the Circumstances of his Case, and shall make it appear that he has suffered, or will suffer pecuniary Loss from the Operation or Effect of any of the Regulations of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons to award to any such Person such Compensation as the said Barons shall find such Person entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum, or by way of Annuity, as they shall think proper, to be paid out of the same Fund, and in the Manner in which Compensations are directed to be paid, and are made payable, under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing Regulations respecting certain Parts of the Proceedings in the Court of Session, and in the Court of Commission for Teinds, and respecting the Duties, Qualifications and Emoluments of certain Clerks and other Officers of the said Courts.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if after the Record shall have been completed in manner already directed as to Causes in the Court of Session, the Parties shall, by mutual Admissions, render any Trial of the Facts unnecessary, and leave, in the Opinion of the Jury Court or Judge thereof, a Question merely of Law to be determined, the said July Court or the Judge thereof, after having those Admissions put upon Record, and subscribed by the Counsel for the Parties, as already directed for Causes in the Court of Session, shall forthwith remit the Cause to the Ordinary in the Court of Session by whom the same was remitted, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, if the Cause originated in that Court, to be proceeded in and determined by those Courts respectively; and if after the Record shall have been completed as above, the Parties shall not be agreed upon the Facts, so as to bring the Cause to a Question

55 G.3. c. 42.

Salary.

Compensation provided to Persons who may suffer pecuniary Loss by the Operation of this Act.

1 &2G.4.C.SS.

Questions arising on Admissions to be remitted to Court of Sessionv

Questions which Parties desire to be previously fixed to

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

be remitted to Court of Session.

Question, whether Point of Law to be decided previous to Trial, to be settled by Jury Court.

Interlocutor of Judge subject to Review.

Decision of Jury Court final.

If Question of Law is to be previously decided, Cause remitted to Court of Session.

If a Question of pact remain.

tion merely of Law, but shall concur in a Minute or Note to the Jury Court or Judge, requiring that any Question of Law or Relevancy arising out of the Pleadings to be specified in such Minute or Note shall be determined before going to Trial, the said Court or Judge, if the Request shall appear just or reasonable, shall remit such Question to the Ordinary by whom the Cause was remitted, or to the Court of Admiralty, if the Cause shall have originated in that Court; and the Cause shall afterwards proceed in those Courts respectively, for the Decision of such Question of Law or Relevancy; but if either of the Parties shall, without the Concurrence of the other, insist that there is a Point of Law or Relevancy, which ought previously to Trial to be determined, it shall be competent for such Party to move for an Order to have the Cause remitted to the Court of Session or Court of Admiralty, if the Cause have come from that Court, and on such Motion it shall by the said Jury Court, or Judge thereof, be determined whether the Question raised ought to be decided previous to Trial, or left for Discussion at the Trial, or for Decision after Verdict; and if such Question shall arise before One of the Judges of the Jury Court, he shall have it in his Power either to determine the Question, or to report it for Decision by the whole Judges of the Jury Court, or a Quorum thereof, consisting in all Cases of not less than Three of such Judges; and the Decision of the said Judge of the Jury Court in the said Matter shall be final and conclusive, if not brought under Review of the whole Jury Court, by Motion to that Effect, made in the said Court, and of which due Notice shall be given according to the Form of giving Notices in that Court, within Ten Days after the Interlocutor of the said Judge shall be pronounced; and the Decision of the Jury Court, either pronounced on the Review of the said Judge's Interlocutor, or on the Cause being by him taken to report, shall be final on that Question; and if it shall be ordered by the said Judge or Jury Court, that such Question ought to be determined previous to Trial, the Cause shall forthwith be remitted to the Ordinary of the Court of Session, by whom the same was remitted to the Jury Court, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty respectively, to have that Question determined; and when, in either of the Cases now specified, the Cause shall be remitted to the Court of Session, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, for their Decision on a previous Question of Law, the said Court of Session, or the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, shall proceed to determine the same according to the Rules and Regulations of those respective Courts; the Determination of the Court of Session being final in that Court, and that of the Court of Admiralty subject, as it now is by Law, to the Review of the Court of Session; and the Determination of such previous Question of Law or Relevancy shall not be open to Appeal to the House of Lords without Leave expressly granted reserving the full Effect of the Objection to the Decision in any appeal to be finally taken; and after the Determination of such Question, the Cause may be remitted back to the Jury Court, to be there finally disposed of; and if there shall remain Matter of Fact to be ascertained between the Parties, the said Matter shall be tried by

Jury,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

987

Jury, and the Parties shall forthwith proceed before the said Jury Court, or One of the Judges thereof, to prepare the Issue or Issues for Trial, in manner hereinafter directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Eleventh Day of November next, when a Cause shall be ready for the framing of Issues, whether it be one of the Causes above enumerated as appropriate to the Jury Court, or a Cause remitted generally from the Court of Session for Trial by Jury, the Pursuer of the Issue shall deliver to the Clerk of the Jury Court the Issue or Issues in the Cause which he may conceive to be proper for Trial prepared and signed by Counsel; and in like Manner the Defender in the Issue may, if he think proper, lodge with the Clerk the Issue or Issues in the Cause which he may conceive to be proper for Trial, prepared and signed in like1 Manner; and if the Issue or Issues so respectively delivered to the Clerk shall be approved of by the Jury Court, the same Issues shall be delivered out to the Parties by the Clerk to be tried by the Jury; but if the Issues shall not be delivered by the Parties, or either of them, to the said Clerk, or if, when so delivered, they shall not be approved of by the Court, the said Court shall direct a proper Issue or Issues to be framed, or shall alter the Issue or Issues as framed and delivered, either by adding such other Issues as they may deem necessary, or by leaving out such as are unnecessary, or by remodelling those which have by the Parties been delivered; and a Copy of the Issue or Issues so altered by the Court shall be delivered out for Trial to the respective Parties in the Cause; provided, however, that if either Party shall object to the Issues, as settled by the Court, he shall be at liberty, at any Time within Ten Days, to apply to the Court, by Motion, to have such Alteration made therein as he may think will better adapt the Issue for the Trial of the Cause, or to have the Issues originally proposed by him adopted; and the Court shall, after hearing Counsel, make such Order thereupon as the Justice of the Case may require, and which Order shall be final.

XXXV. And Whereas by one of the Regulations for the Government of the Jury Court, framed and approved of in the ' Manner directed by the aforesaid Act of the Fifty ninth of His late Majestjf (a), it is ordered, that, preparatory to Trial by Jury,

the Parties shall reciprocally exchange Lists of the Witnesses to be examined; but the Practice thereby enjoined has been ' found inexpedient; Be it therefore enacted, That the above Regulation shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Date of this Act, it shall not be necessary for the Parties to produce and exchange, as preparatory to the Trial, the Lists of the Witnesses proposed to be examined by them, but the Parties shall be at liberty at the Trial to adduce and examine such Witnesses as they may think fit, without having given any previous Notice of their Intention to call them, (a) 59 G.3j Cm 35. § 29.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fore-said Act of the Fifty ninth of His late Majesty, as regulates the Terms and the Times of the Sittings of the said Jury Court, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the said

Eleventh

Cause sent back to Jury Court.

How Issues are to be framed and settled.

List of Witnesses need noS be furnished previous to Trial.

59 G. 3. c. 35. §21. repealed, .

Time of Sitting of Jury Court.

988

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182

S&G.3. C. 35* § 6.16;

Motions for new Trials;

59 G; 3. c. 35. §17;

Motions for new Trial iri Admiralty Causes.

Forms of Proceeding in Admiralty Commissary and Inferior Courts may be settled.

Eleventh Day of November next, the said Jury Court shall meet for the Dispatch of the Business of the Court, whether requiring the Intervention of a Jury or not, during the whole Period of the Session of the Court of Session, and that they may hold Sittings for the Trial of Issues for a Fortnight thereafter, and also for Ten Days during the Christmas Recess; and during the foresaid Space, the said Court, or the individual Judges thereof, shall sit on such Days, and with such Continuation of Days, as shall by Act of Sederunt, to be made in manner herein afterwards provided, be appointed.

XXXVII. And in order to prevent Doubts which have been ' raised on the Provisions of the foresaid Act of the Fifty ninth ' of His late Majesty, relating to Motions for new Trials; Be it enacted, That in all Cases where Issues have been prepared and are sent from the Court of Session for the Ascertainment of Matter of Fact, and the Verdict is made returnable to that Court, all Motions for new Trial shall be made in the Inner House of that Division of the Court from which the Issue or Issues has or have been sent; and Motions for new Trials shall in all other Cases be made in the Jury Court.

XXXVIII. And Whereas by the foresaid Act of the Fifty ' ninth of His late Majesty it is provided, that in all Causes remitted by the Court of Admiralty to the Jury Court, the Bills of Exceptions shall be presented by the Judge of the Jury ' Court to the Divisions of the Court of Session alternately; ' but no Provision is made with respect to Motions for new Trials on Verdicts in Cases coming from the Court of Admiralty; Be it enacted, That Motions for new Trials shall be made in the Divisions of the Court of Session alternately in Cases of the above Description, where the Verdict is on an Issue prepared and sent from the Court of Admiralty for ascertaining Facts, and returnable into that Court, in a Maritime Cause; and Motions for new Trials in all other Cases shall be made in the Jury Court.

XXXIX. And Whereas it will essentially contribute to the

Attainment of the Objects proposed in this Act, that in the High Court of Admiralty, the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and Inferior Courts, Forms of Proceeding in the

Preparation of Causes which have been before directed rela-c tive to Causes in the Court of Session shall be followed as closely £ as may be done consistently with the peculiar Nature of those several Jurisdictions, and with the State of those Courts in respect to the Skill and legal Knowledge of the Procurators who £ attend and practise therein; therefore, and in order to establish ' Uniformity in the Modes of Proceeding in the said Courts, and follow out the Spirit of the present Act, in so far as that may be £ done consistently with local Circumstances; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of the Court of Session and Jury Court, as herein afterwards empowered, shall and they are hereby required to make due Inquiry, and thereupon to fix, by Act of Sederunt, such Regulations, to be observed in the Practice of the above Courts, as may best be calculated to give effect to this Act, and to forward the Object herein proposed.

A.D. 18 25.

6° GEO. IV.

c. 120.

989

XL. And be it further enacted, That when in Causes commenced in any of the Courts of the Sheriffs, or of the Magistrates of Burghs, or other Inferior Courts, Matter of Fact shall be disputed, and a Proof shall be allowed and taken according to the present Practice, the Court of Session shall, in reviewing the Judgment proceeding on such Proof, distinctly specify in their Interlocutor the several Facts material to the Case which they find to be established by the Proof, and express how far their Judgment proceeds on the Matter of Fact so found, or on Matter of Law, and the several Points of Law which they mean to decide; and the Judgment on the Cause thus pronounced shall be subject to Appeal to the House of Lords, in so far only as the same depends on, or is affected by Matter of Law, but shall, in so far as relates to the Facts, be held to have the Force and Effect of a Special Verdict of a Jury, finally and conclusively fixing the several Facts specified in the Interlocutor: Provided however, that except in Consistorial Causes, the Court of Session shall, in reviewing the Sentences of inferior Judges, have Power to send to the Jury Court such Issue or Issues to be tried by Jury, as to them shall seem necessary for ascertaining Facts which may not have been proved to their Satisfaction by the Evidence already taken, or which may have been omitted in the Cause, the Verdict to be returned to the Court of Session, to assist that Court in the Determination of the Cause; and the said Court shall also have Power to remit the whole Cause for Trial to the Jury Court; and in neither of these Cases shall it be necessary to have the Consent of the Parties to the cancelling of the Depositions already taken in the Cause before proceeding to Jury Trial, but the Court of Session shall have Power to give such Directions with regard to the Proof already taken, or with regard to any Part or Parts thereof, as to them shall seem just; to which Effect the Provision in the foresaid Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, in so far as the Consent of the Parties to the cancelling of the Depositions already taken is thereby required, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and further, the Court of Session shall have Power to remit the Cause with Instructions to the Inferior Court, if that Course shall appear to them the most just and expedient in the Circumstances of the Case; but it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that in all Cases originating in the Inferior Courts in which the Claim is in Amount above Forty Pounds, as soon as an Order or Interlocutor allowing a Proof has been pronounced in the Inferior Courts (unless it be an Interlocutor allcnving a Proof to lie in retentis> or granting Diligence for the Recovery and Production of Papers), it shall be competent to either of the Parties, or who may conceive that the Cause ought to be tried by Jury, to remove the Process into the Court of Session, by Bill of Advocation, which shall be passed at once without Discussion and without Caution; and in Case no such Bill of Advocation shall be presented, and the Parties shall proceed to Proof under the Interlocutor of the Inferior Court, they shall be held to have waived their Right of Appeal to the House of Lords, against any Judgment which may thereafter be pronounced by the Court of Session, in so far as by such Judgment the several Facts established by the Proof shall be found or declared.

Interlocutor of Court of Session on Proof taken in Inferior Courts, to be final as to Findings of Fact.

Appeal to House of Lords.

Directing

Issues,

59 G. 3. c. 35. §14. repealed.

Power to advocate against Orders for Proof in Inferior Courts in Causes above 40/.

Appeal to the Lords, waived.

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

What Bills of Advocation are to contain.

Power to Courts to regulate Interim Possession.

Time at which Decrees of Inferior Courts may be extracted.

Decrees in Absence in Inferior Courts and in Admiralty recalled.

Decrees, in Actions of removing, subject only to Suspension,

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Eleventh Day of November next, Bills of Advocation, complaining of final Judgments of Sheriffs and other Inferior Judges, shall contain a Copy of the Summons or Petition by which the Action may have commenced in the Inferior Court, and of the Defences or Answers, with the Interlocutors pronounced, or such of them as the Party shall complain of, and without any other Narration, and without Argument; and such Bills of Advocation shall at once be passed by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, on Caution being found to make Payment of the Expences incurred in the Inferior Court, and also such Expences as may be incurred in the Court of Session, or on Juratory Caution for such Expences, in Cases where such Caution is by the present Practice held sufficient.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Advocations of Interlocutors pronounced by Sheriffs it shall be competent to the Inferior Judge to regulate in the meantime, on the Application of either Party, all Matters regarding Interim Possession, having due regard to the Manner in which the mutual Interests of the Parties may be affected in the final Decision of the Cause; and such Interim Order shall not be subject to Review, except by the Lord Qrdinar} ^, or the Court, in the Course of discussing the Process of Advocation; reserving to the Court of Session or Lord Ordinary full Powers during the Course of Discussion of the Cause in the said Court, to give such Orders and Directions in respect to Interim Possession as Justice may require.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions before any Inferior Court, where a Party shall intimate in Writing to the Clerk of Court that lie intends to advocate the Cause, and shall therewith lodge a Bond of Caution for such Expences as may be incurred in the Court of Session as provided in this Act, the Space of Fifteen Da}^s in the ordinary Case, and Thirty Days in Causes before the Courts of Orkney and Shetland, shall be allowed after final Judgment, to apply by Bill of Advocation to the Court of Session, before Extract shall be competent; but on the elapse of the foresaid Terms respectively, if no Bill of Advocation shall have been intimated to the Clerk of Court, he may give out the Extract on the Application of either Party, it being competent however to present a Bill of Advocation at any Time before the Decree has been actually extracted; and when Decree has passed in Absence in any Inferior Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, and has been extracted, it shall be competent to apply to the Court in which such Decree was pronounced, to have the Decree recalled; and on Consignation in the Hands of the Clerk of the Court of the Expence incurred, the said Court shall have Power to stop Execution and repone the Defender, and revive the Action, as if Decree had not been extracted.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority as aforesaid, That when any Judgment shall be pronounced by an Inferior Court, ordaining a Tenant to remove from the Possession of Lands or Houses, the Tenant shall not be entitled to apply as

above,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

991

above, by Bill of Advocation to be passed at once, but only by means of Suspension, as hereinafter regulated.

XLV. And Whereas, under the foresaid Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty, Bills of Advocation are admitted against Interlocutory Judgments in certain Cases; Be it further enacted, That when such Bills of Advocation shall be passed, it shall not be necessary for the Complainer to find Caution, except for Expences, as in other Cases of Advocation above mentioned; and all Interlocutors by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, passing or refusing such Bills of Advocation, shall be final.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases, without Distinction, the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may pass Bills of Suspension, without requiring the Concurrence of the Inner House during Session, or of One or more Ordinaries during Vacation; and in complaining of any Interlocutor pronounced by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, the Party shall proceed, not as at present by Reclaiming Petition, but by presenting a printed Note to the Inner House, stating the Nature of the Bill, reciting the Interlocutor, and praying for an Alteration thereof; and upon such Note being presented, the Inner House shall order the Counsel for the Parties to be heard, and on hearing them shall either grant or refuse the Application, or appoint Parties to give in mutual Cases on the Question; and thereafter the Court shall either refuse the Application, or remit to the Lord Ordinary to pass or to refuse the Bill, or to remit to the Inferior Judge with Instructions; and any Interlocutor of the Court refusing such Application, or of the Lord Ordinary on a Remit from the Court, shall be final; and when a Bill of Suspension shall have been passed on a Remit from the Inner House, or in consequence of the Lord Ordinary having taken the Cause to report to the Inner House, the Letters of Suspension shall be discussed before a Lord Ordinary of that Division, unless remitted oh contingentiam to some previous Process depending before the other Division; and in the Event of Bills of Suspension being passed of Decrees of Inferior Courts, it shall be competent for the Lord Ordinary or the Court to find the Suspender entitled to his Expences in the Inferior Court, as well as in the Court of Session.

XLVII. And be it also enacted, That Cautioners in a Bill of Suspension shall be liable to fulfil the Obligation in their Bond, although the Letters of Suspension shall not be expede before the Day of Citation appointed in the Deliverance, and also in the Case of the Chargers obtaining and duly extracting Protestation for not enrolling, calling and insisting.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Ordinary in the Outer House, before whom any Suspension or Advocation shall come to be discussed, shall proceed in preparing the Cause for Judgment after the Manner already directed as to Causes in the Outer House; and the Party resisting the Suspension shall be required, by way of Defence in the Outer House, to return Answers to the Reason of Suspension.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in regard to Actions depending in the Court of Session, in which any Interlocutor shall have been pronounced before the Eleventh Day of November next, the Regulations hereinbefore provided may be enforced, in so far

as

50 G.3. c. 112.

§ 36.

Bills of Advocation of Inter] oca tory Judgments.

Lord Ordinary may pass Bills of Suspension;

Proceedings as to Interlocutors complained of.

Expences to Suspender.

Cautioners in Bills of Suspension liable to their Bond.

As to Cases of-Suspension or Advocation before Lord Ordinary.

Regulations in Actions depending where Interlocutor pronounced

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

before 11th, Nov. next,

Powers to Judges of Court of Session and Jury Court to make Regulations as to Forms of Process, &c.

Judges may meet during Vacation.

Regulation of Forms of Citation, Charge, 8tc.

as not inconsistent with the Rules of Court and Forms of Procedure now in force: Provided always, that in every such Action, where the Record shall be made up and completed in Terms of this Act, the Provisions of this Act, in so far as they apply to Steps of Process subsequent to the making up of the Record, shall be enforced in all respects.

6 L. And in order to carry into further Execution the Provisions of this Act, and the more effectually to accomplish the c Object of it f Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act the Court of Session, together with the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, assembled by the Lord President of the Court of Session, shall be and they are hereby empowered and required accordingly to make such Orders and Regulations concerning the Forms of Process, and such Arrangements in respect of Attendance and Hours of doing Business, and generally for regulating the Proceedings both of the Court of Session and of the Jury Court, as may most effectually carry into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and remove any Difficulties which may in the Details of Practice be found to arise in expediting the Business before the said Courts, and of the Court of the Lords Commissioners for Plantation, of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, provided the same be not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act; and the said Judges assembled as above shall also have Power to make such Regulations and Arrangements in respect of the Time and Rotation of the Business in the said Courts, and before Lords Ordinary, as may most effectually secure the due Performance of the respective Duties of the said Courts, and of the Judges thereof; and the said Judges, assembled as before, shall have Power and are hereby required to make such Regulations and Orders relative to the Forms of Proceeding in the High Court of Admiralty, Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and Inferior Courts, as may be best calculated to carry into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and it is hereby provided, that the said Judges assembled as above may meet for the above Purposes during Vacation as well as during Session, and that they may alter and amend such Regulations from time to time.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Eleventh Day of November next, the subsisting Forms of Edictal Citation, Charge, Publication, Citation and Service at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, Pier and Shore of Leith, as against Persons forth of Scotland, shall cease and be discontinued; and in lieu thereof such Edictal Citations, Charges, Publications, Citations, and Services at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, Pier and Shore of Leith, as against Persons forth of Scotland, shall be done and performed by Delivery of a Copy thereof at the Record Office of the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Session, in the Manner now practised in Cases of Citation or Charge at the Dwelling House of a Party not personally apprehended; and the Keeper of the Records or his Clerk shall forthwith register, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, an Abstract of the Copy so delivered, exhibiting the Time of Service, of the Nature of the Writ, the Names and Designations of the Parties, and the Day against which the Party

shall

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

993

shall be called upon to give Obedience, or to make Appearance; and the Keeper of the said*Records shall keep Three distinct and separate Registers, one for all Citations on Summonses and Orders of Service, as against Persons forth of Scotland, to appear before the several Supreme Civil Courts respectively; another Record for all Citations by virtue of Letters of Supplement to Persons forth of Scotland to appear before any of the Inferior Courts of Scotland; and a Third for all Charges, Intimations and Publications to Persons forth of Scotland, given by virtue of Letters other than Summonses passing the Signet.

LIX. And it is further provided and enacted, That the said The Record of Abstracts, in so far as they comprehend Citations by virtue of Citations to be Summonses, Precepts, Warrants of Court, and Letters of Sup- Printed-plement, shall periodically be printed by the Keeper of the said Records; and this Publication by Means of printing shall commence at the Distance of Fourteen Days from the said Eleventh Day of November next, and shall regularly be continued at the End of each successive Fourteen Days; and at all Times the said Register of Charges, Citations and Publications shall be open to Inspection, and the Copies of Charge, Citation and Service, which shall be lodged as above with the Keeper of the Record or his Clerk, shall be preserved during Three Years; and it shall be Register pre-competent to the Court of Session to fix such Allowance for the serve<F Trouble and Expence of the Duty thus imposed on the Keeper of the Records, to be paid to him from the Fee Fund, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Defenders to be Eleventh Day of November next to come, the Practice of citing cited on One Defenders to appear on Two Diets of Court shall in all Cases Diet onl^* cease, and ail Summonses shall thenceforward proceed on One Diet Proceedings, only; viz, privileged Summonses against Defenders, within Scotian u on One Diet of Six Days, other Summonses against Defenders residing in Orkney and She}land, a Diet of Forty Days, and for all othr Persons within Scotland, a Diet of Twenty seven Days, and for Defenders out of Scotland, a Diet of Sixty Days; and it is hereby provided and declared, that where a Person not having a Dwelling House in Scotland occupied by his Family or Servants shall have left his usual Place of Residence, and have been therefrom absent during the Space of Forty Days without having left Notice where he is to be found within Scotland, he shall be held to be absent from Scotland, and be charged or cited according to the Forms herein prescribed accordingly.

LIV. And Whereas certain Inconveniences have been experienced in Proceedings of a judicial Nature carried on before ' the Lords Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation ' of Teinds Be it enacted, That from and afer the Eleventh Day Regulations of of November next, all Actions for the Valuation or Sale of Teinds Proceedings in or Actions of proving the Tenor of the same, all Actions of 'pej^°sUltof Suspension or Reduction of Localities, and all Actions of Declarator or Reduction connected with Teinds, w'hLch can at present be competently brought before the said Lords Commissioners for the Plantation of Kirks, shall be brought before and be decided by one or other of the Divisions of the Court of Session, who shall beheld as a Quorum of the said Commissioners; and all such 6 Geo. IV. 3 S Causes

994

C. 120.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Continuance of Act, as to Jury Court,

Powers to Persons appointed by His Majesty to inquire into Forms'of Proceeding in Civil Causes by Jury, and report thereon.

Causes shall be proceeded in, as nearly as possible, according to the Forms prescribed by this Act for the Preparation of Causes in the Court of Session; and the Lord Ordinary shall have the same Power to determine the Cause, or to report the same to the Inner House, as is declared to be competent by this Act to the Lord Ordinary in the Outer House, in Causes before the Court of Session; and in like Manner, he shall not be entitled to review his own Interlocutors, but the same shall be subject to Review onty in the Inner House, in the Manner directed in Causes before the Court of Session: Provided always, that the Jurisdiction of the Lords Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, in assigning or modifying competent Stipends to the Parochial Clergy out of the Teinds of the Parish, and in uniting and disjoining Parishes, and generally whatever Jurisdiction the said Court of Teinds may possess of a ministerial and discretionary Nature, shall nowise be altered or affected by this Act, but the same shall continue to be exercised by the whole Lords Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, or Quorum thereof, in the same Way and Manner as heretofore; but all Actions in relation to localling of modified or augmented Stipends among Heritors, and other Causes which may be remitted by the said Lords Commissioners to a Lord Ordinary, shall thereafter be conducted as nearly as may be according to the Forms prescribe for Causes before the Court of Session, and the Interlocutors of such Lord Ordinary shall be subject to Review only by the Division of the Court of Session to which such Lord Ordinary belongs, which Division shall to that Effect be held as a Quorum of the said Commissioners; and in all the aforesaid Actions, and in all other Matters connected with Teinds, the Teind Clerk shall continue as heretofore to officiate as Clerk.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of this Act, in so far as the same relate to the Constitution of the Jury Court, shall continue and be in force from the Eleventh Day of November next, until the Thirtieth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful, and full Power is hereby given to such Persons as shall for that Purpose, and at such Time or Times as His Majesty shall think fit to name and appoint them, be named and appointed by His Majesty^ by Letters Patent, or any Instrument in Writing under His Royal Sign Manuel, or any Three of them, to meet at and upon such Place and Day as in such Letters Patent or Instrument shall be for that Purpose named, or at and upon such Place and Day as they, or any Three of them, giving Notice to the others of them, shall appoint, and so thereafter as they or those present from time to time at Meetings shall appoint, and to make all such Inquiries as they shall be directed by His Majesty in Instructions annexed to the said Letters Patent or Instrument under the Royal Sign Manuel, into the Forms of Proceeding in Trials of Civil Causes by Jury in Scotland, and to report to His Majesty whether these Foims of Proceeding may be improved, and at what Time and in what Manner the Union of the Benefit of Jury Trial in

23 Civil

6° GEO. IV. C. 120, 121.

995

Civil Causes with the Jurisdiction of the Court of Session may be best accomplished, and to set down in Writing what shall appear to them to be material to be reported touching the Matters aforesaid, with their Opinions upon the same, together with the Evidence or Information which they may in the Course of their Inquiry receive.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Questions and Matters in Scotland relating to Prize and Capture in War, and the Condemnation of Ships and Vessels as such, shall be vested solely in the High Court of Admiralty of England; and that the High Court of Admiralty of Scotland shall not in future exercise such Jurisdiction; any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That within Fourteen Days from the Commencement of every future Session of Parliament, there shall be transmitted to both Houses of Parliament Copies of all Acts of Sederunt settling the Rules of Proceedings of the Courts of Scotland, as fixed under the Powers herein given.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to enable the Insolvent Debtor's Court to dispense* until the End of the next Session of Parliament, with the Necessity of Prisoners residing within the Walls in certain Cases.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend, certain Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, it is among other Things enacted, that the Acts therein recited shall not extend to any Person in actual Custody who shall not be at the Time of filing his Petition, and during all the Proceedings thereon,

4 in actual Custody within the Walls of the Prison, and not within any Rules or Liberties thereof: And Whereas, in consequence of the present crowded State of the King's Bench Prison, it is expedient to relax the said recited Provision for some Time, and the same Inconvenience may happen in the Fleet Prison Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, at any Time after any Petitioner, being a Prisoner within the Walls of either of the said Prisons, shall have obtained from the said Court an Order for hearing his Petition, to grant a Dispensation to such Petitioner, with the Provisions hereinbefore recited, if the said Court shall think fit; provided that no such Dispensation shall be granted to any Petitioner, unless the Court shall be satisfied, by the Affidavit of a Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, either that the Petitioner cannot continue to reside within the Walls without Injury to his Health, or that, for the Sake of the Health of the Prisoners in general, it

3 S 2 is

Questions in Scotland of Prize in War, to vest in Court of Admiralty of England.

Acts of Sederunt transmitted to Parliament.

5 G.4. c. 61.

§ 12.

Court may grant Dispensation to Petitioners as to Residence within the Walls, if such Residence be injurious to Health.

Proviso. Prisoners going beyond Rules, Punishment.

Continuance of Act.

3 G.S. c. 34.

(I-)

5 G.3. c. 9. (I.)

13 & 14 G.3. c. 21. (I.)

17 & 18 G. 3. c. 21. (I.)

17 & 18 G.3. c. 3S. (I.)

C. 121, 122. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

is necessary that the Number of Prisoners within the Walls of such Prison should be reduced.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner having a Dispensation to reside without the Walls, and within the Rules and Liberties of either of the said Prisons, by virtue of this Act, shall without lawful Cause go beyond the Limits of the said Rules and Liberties, such Prisoner shall ipso facto be deprived of all Benefit of any of the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures o['Ireland. (a) [5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the Linen Manufacture of Ireland has been W and continues to be of considerable Importance to that

Part of the United Kingdom: And Whereas several Acts of ' Parliament have been passed for the Encouragement and Regulation of the said Manufacture, many of the Provisions of

which have become useless, and ought not to be enforced:

And Whereas it is therefore found expedient and necessary

to repeal the same, and to reduce into One Act the Re-

gulations fit to be continued for the better Regulation of the ' said Manufacture Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Acts of Parliament hereinafter mentioned, and every Clause therein contained (except the Clauses for repealing the several Acts therein particularly mentioned), shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void; that is to say, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of the Reign of George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; and also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending the Laws relative to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures; also an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the said Reign, intituled An Act for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intitided ' An Act for the ' better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures f also an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the said Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for the better Regidation of the Linen and e Hempen Manufactures; also another Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of

[a) See as to promoting other Manufactures in Ireland, ct cxli.

post.

the

6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

997

the said Reign, intituled An Act for preventing the cutting or destroying of plain, stained or printed Linens, Cottons, Lawns or Muslins, or any other manufactured Goods; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty first and Twenty 21 & 22 G.3. second Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for prohibiting c. 35. (I.) the Use of Lime in bleaching, regulating Seal Masters of Linens, encouraging the Home Manufacture of Ashes for bleaching Use, enlarging and rendering more commodious the Linen Hall in the City of Dublin, and other Purposes therein mentioned; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty third 23 & 24 G.3. and Twenty fourth Years of the said Reign, intituled An Act c. 53. (I.) for further promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty 26 G. 3. c. 29. sixth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for granting the (!)

Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen 27 G.3. c. 18.

Manufacture, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; also an (*0

Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty

seventh Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for granting

the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the

Linen Manufacture, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; also

an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty 27 G.s. c. 20.

seventh Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to extend the (!)

Potvers given by Law to certain Persons of making Leases of Lands for the Purposes of building, and carrying on the Linen Manufacture; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty eighth Year of the said Reign, intituled An 28 G. 3. c. 8. Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture by increasing (!) the Supply of Irish Flax Seed, and encouraging the Export of Linens and Sail Cloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty ninth 29 G. 3. c. 34. Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for granting the Sum (!) of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purposes; also - an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of the said Reign, so G.s. c. 2^. intituled An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds (!) to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purposes; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty first Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for siG.s. c. 14. amending the Laws respecting the Linen and Hempen Manufac- (I.) tares; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty third Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for 33 G.s. c. 12. granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the (*)

Linen and Hempen Manufactures, and for other Purposes; also

an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty 34 G. 3. C. 17.

fourth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for a more effec- (*)

tual Redress in Cases of fraudulent or damaged Linens, and for

enforcing County Inspectors to an effectual Execution of their Duty,

and otherwise promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures;

and also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in

the Thirty sixth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to sgG.3. c. 47.

amend certain Parts of the Laws respecting the Linen and (I.)

Hempen Manufactures; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of the said Reign, 37 G.3. c. 6l.

3 S 3 intituled (D)

998

C. 122.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

38 G.3. c. 44.

(10

44 G.3. c. 69.

55 G.3. c. 25.

4G.4. c. 90. repealed.

Former Trustees to continue.

Trustees to apply Money.

intituled An Act for the further Regulations of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; also an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; also an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty fourth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for regidating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; also an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Fifty fifth Year of the said Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Brown Linens in Ireland; also an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

II. And to the end that the several Orders and Regulations i hereinafter contained for the Government of the Linen Manufacture may be effectual, and carried into due Execution, and that the Funds appropriated and granted, and to be appropriated and granted, to the Uses of the said Manufacture, may be properly applied, it will be expedient to establish some superintending Authority for that Purpose Re it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons hitherto appointed, for each of the Four Provinces of Ireland, Trustees for encouraging the said Manufacture, pursuant to the Powers in some of the said Acts contained, shall and may continue Trustees for encouraging the said Manufacture, with the Powers and Authorities hereinafter vested in them; and that when and as often as any of the said Trustees already nominated or appointed, or hereafter to be nominated or appointed, shall happen to die or resign, that in such and no other Case the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall and may from time to time nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons as he or they shall think fit, to be a Trustee or Trustees for encouraging the said Manufacture in the Place and Room of such of the said Trustees as shall happen to die or to resign, to be always nominated and appointed as aforesaid, for the same Province for which the respective Person or Persons so dying or resigning was or were formerly appointed; and that the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from time to time, and as often as they shall think fit, meet and assemble together in some convenient Place within the City of Dublin, to settle and adjust such Matters as they shall think most expedient for the establishing and carrying on the said Manufacture, and for preventing all Frauds and Abuses that may happen in the same, or any Branch thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to apply any Part of the Sums which shall or may be appropriated or granted to the said Trustees for the Use of the Linen Manufacture, in such Manner as they shall think proper and most conducive to the Interest of the said Manufacture, subject however to the Limitations hereinafter mentioned in respect to the Appointment and Payment of their Officers

6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

999

and Servants, or other Persons to be employed by them for any temporary Purposes.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Part of the said Sums shall be applied in the Payment of any Premium, Bounty or Allowance on any Fabric of the Linen Manufacture, which is or shall be entitled to any Bounty upon the Exportation thereof from any Part of the United Kingdom.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, subject however to the Conditions and Restrictions and Regulations hereinafter mentioned, to appoint from time to time and at all Times, in any Mode or Manner they may think fit, all such Officers, Servants and Persons as shall appear to the said Trustees to be necessary or expedient for the Purpose of carrying into effectual Execution the Trusts committed to the Charge of the said Trustees, with such Salaries and Allowances as to the said Trustees shall seem suitable.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Appointment or Appointments of any such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, Person or Persons as aforesaid, or of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances to be paid to them, or any of them, shall not be valid and effectual, unless such Appointment or Appointments shall be made at a Meeting to be held pursuant to Notice for that Purpose, at which Five or more of the said Trustees shall be present.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Appointment or Appointments of any Officer or Officers, Person or Persons as aforesaid, or of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances to be paid to them or any of them, made by the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, at which Five or more Trustees shall be present, shall not be valid and effectual, unless a Return in Writing of such Appointment or Appointments, Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances as aforesaid, signed by the major Part in Number of the said Trustees present at such Meeting, shall be laid before the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council of Ireland, for the Time being, by delivering the same at the Office of the Clerk of the Privy Council, Thirty one Days at the least before such Appointment or Appointments shall be intended to take effect; and if the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council, shall, within the said Thirty one Days, signify to the said Trustees in Writing their Disapprobation of such Appointment or Appointments respectively, or any of them, such Appointment or Appointments so objected to shall be of no Force or Effect.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, that if the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council for the Time being, shall not within Thirty one Days, to be computed from the Day of Delivery at the Office of the Clerk of the Council in manner aforesaid, of such Return as aforesaid, signify to the said Trustees their Disapprobation of such Appointment or Appointments, the same shall, from the Time of the Expiration of the said Thirty one Days, stand in full Force and Effect, notwithstanding that such Lord Lieu-

3 S 4 tenant,

No Premium on Linen en-titledto Bounty.

Appointment of Officers by Trustees.

Appointments not valid, unless at Meeting of Trustees.

Such Appointment of Officers not valid without Approbation of Lord Lieutenant.

Appointment of such Officers valid, if Lord Lieutenant do not object.

C. 122.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Trustees may dismiss Officers.

Five Trustees must be present.

Majority of Five Trustees may make Rules for Officers.

May take Security for Observance of Rules.

Acts heretofore done and Appointments made by Trustees valid.

tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council, shall not have signified any express Approbation thereof.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall abridge or restrain, or be construed to abridge or restrain the Power and Discretion of the said Trustees to dismiss from their Service any Officer, Servant or other Person appointed and approved of in manner aforesaid, who shall afterwards appear to have been guilty of any Neglect or improper Conduct in their Employment, and to nominate such others in their Stead as they shall think fit, subject nevertheless to the Provisions aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That no Act shall be deemed an Act of the said Trustees, unless there shall be at least Five of the said Trustees, duly assembled by previous Summons, present at such Act, unless otherwise herein particularly provided; and that the Act of the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting so assembled shall be and be considered as the Act of the said Trustees, and be good and sufficient for all Purposes whatsoever, save and except as herein otherwise particularly^ mentioned; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That any Five Trustees, or the major Part of them, present at any such Meeting, shall and may, from time to time and at all Times hereafter, make, constitute and appoint such Ilules, Orders and Directions (provided the same be not contrary to this Act), for regulating, governing and directing the Conduct of all Inspectors, Seal Masters, Officers, Servants or other Persons, that are or shall be appointed by them as aforesaid, as they the said Trustees, or such major Part of them, shall think proper; and that all such Persons so appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be subject to and obser^0 all such Rules, Orders and Directions, and under such Fines o. Penalties, as any Five of the said Trustees for the Time being, or such major Part of them, shall make, constitute or appoint; and that the said Trustees for the Time being may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take Security or Securities, by Bond or otherwise, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the due Observance of all such Rules, Orders and Directions as aforesaid; and that if any Complaints shall be made against any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, foipany Fraud, Misbehaviour or Neglect in his or their said Office, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, or any of them, on Examination upon Oath of the Parties, and of such Witnesses as shall appear or be produced before them (which Oath the said Trustees for the Time being, or any of them, are hereby empowered to administer), finally to hear and determine the same by^ dismissing such Persons, or by imposing upon any such Persons as aforesaid any such Fines as the said Trustees, or any Five of them, shall judge proper: Provided always, that this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to render null and void, interfere with, or affect any Act, Matter or Thing, heretofore done by the said Trustees in pursuance of any Authority vested in them, or to take away or interfere with any Remedy they may have or might

have

6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

1001

have had in respect of the same before the passing of this Act, or to render void any Appointment of Officers heretofore made by them (except as hereinafter is excepted), but that the same shall continue in full Force and Effect as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made: Provided always, however, that all appointments of Lappers or Seal Masters of White Linen heretofore made by the said Trustees, shall from henceforth cease and determine, and be rendered null and void.

XII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the different Persons appointed Inspectors General shall from time to time, and as often as thereunto required by the said Trustees, go through the several Parts of their Inspection, where the said Manufacture is carried on, and that they shall inspect into such Matters relative to the said Manufactures as shall be directed by the said Trustees, from the growing of the Seed to the most finished State of the Linen, and likewise into the State of the Markets, the Conduct of all Seal Masters and Inspectors, the Application of Utensils granted from time to time by the Trustees, the Expenditure of the Money by them granted for Bleach Greens, Mills, Buildings or other Purposes, the Situation and State of such Bleach Greens, Mills and Buildings, and whether any and what Frauds have been committed in claiming any Premiums, or distributing any Utensils granted by the said Trustees; and the said Inspectors General are hereby authorized to suspend from Office any Local Inspectors or Seal Masters that shall appear to them to have been guilty of any Fraud or Neglect in their Offices, and to make Complaint thereof to the said Trustees, and to appoint any other Person or Persons to be Inspector or Inspectors, Seal Master or Seal Masters, in their Stead, with full Powers to act as such Inspector or Seal Master, until the Determination of the said Trustees shall be had on such Complaint; and that each such Inspector General shall always return upon Oath to the said Trustees a full and true Account of the said several Matters, and of his Progress in the Execution of their Orders, and of every Fraud, Neglect or Misconduct which he shall have observed or found out in any Inspector or Seal Master, or in the Application of any Utensil, or Claim or Payment of any Premium granted by the Trustees, and for that Purpose to use and exercise, and he is hereby authorized to use and exercise every Power, and to do every Act which any One Trustee is in himself by this Act vested with or authorized to do, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if he were himself a Trustee, and the said Powers were herein specifically enacted.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the several Inspectors of Linen and Yarn, to be appointed by the said Trustees for any County or District, shall be so appointed on the Recommendation of the Linen Bleachers, or a Majority of them, resident within such County or District, to the said Trustees, provided there shall be Six Bleachers resident therein; and in case there shall not be Six Bleachers therein, then such Persons shall be appointed on the Recommendation of Persons resident within such County or District, and dealing in Linen or Yarn to the Amount of One thousand

Pounds

Proviso.

Inspectors General; their Duty, and Powers.

To account to Trustees upon Oath.

Inspectors to be appointed on Recommendation of Bleachers;

if no Bleachers, then of Dealers;

J002

C. 1 22.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

if no Return, then by Trustees.

Must be Dealers in the Trade.

Powers and Duty of Inspectors.

Penalties.

Regulations as to Yarn sold in open Market.

Pounds for the Year previous to such Recommendation; provided such Persons shall respectively send with the Return made by them of such Person or Persons so recommended, Affidavits made by themselves of their having sold or bought such Quantity within the said Year: Provided always, that if the said Return shall be omitted to be made by any County or District of the Persons out of whom an Inspector or Inspectors are to be appointed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five of them assembled as aforesaid, to appoint any Person or Persons they shall think proper to be Inspector or Inspectors for such Count}^ or District: Provided always, that such

Person or Persons shall have been bred to, or exercised, or dealt in some one Branch of the Linen Manufacture.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Inspector and Person deputed and employed by such Inspector (being first approved of by the Inspector General of the District), shall have full Power and Authority, and he is hereby required, to seize and inform against every Piece of brown Linen which shall be sold or exposed to Sale, or bought or agreed to be bought in any public Market within his Inspection, and which shall be fraudulent or not stamped, or falsely or improperly stamped or marked; and to carry the same before a Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of a City within their respective Jurisdictions; and for that Purpose he shall have full Power and Authority, and it shall and may be lawful for him to inspect and examine all Linens exposed for Sale in every of the said Markets, or which shall have been sold or agreed to be sold therein; and likewise to seize and inform against all Yarn of Irish Manufacture, which shall be sold or exposed to Sale, or agreed to be sold in any of the said Markets, without being reeled, divided or made up as by Law required for such Yarn; and every Inspector who shall conceal or connive at any Offence contrary to this Law, touching the Linen Manufacture, or omit to inform against any Seal Master who shall act contrary to his Duty as herein enacted, shall be subject to all the Fines and Penalties enacted against such Offence, as fully as if he himself had been guilty of such Offence.

XV. And be it enacted, That brown or unbleached or unpurged Linen Yarn of Irish Manufacture, sold or exposed for Sale in public Market, shall be well and sufficiently spun and made up into Hanks, each Hank to consist of Twelve Cuts, and no more; that every such Cut shall contain One hundred and twenty Threads, and no more; and that every such Hank shall be of One Yard and One Quarter in Length, or Two Yards and One Half in Circumference, and no more; and that each such Cut in every such Hank shall be separated as the same shall be reeled, and not afterwards; and that in reeling such Linen Yarn, no more than One Thread at a Time shall be reeled; and that all the Yarn contained in every such Flank shall be of Flax Yarn only or Tow Yarn only, of the same Colour and Fineness throughout each Hank; and that when the Hank or Twelve Cuts are reeled, the same shall be made up in such a Manner as to admit of opening thereof at every Part at Ten Inches at least, for the Purpose of spreading on the Bleach

Green;

6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

1003

Green; and that all Yarn of Irish Manufacture, under the Size or Grist of Two Hanks in the Pound, commonly called Pound or Head Yarn, shall be reeled according to the above Regulations, and this coarser Description may be made up and sold in Half Planks of Six Cuts and no less; and in case any Person or Persons shall sell or expose to Sale in open Market any Yarn which shall not be conformable to the above Regulations respectively affecting the same, or which shall be deficient in Quality, Length or Count, he or they shall forfeit a Sum not less than Two Pence or not more than Four Pence for each Hank; said Penalty to be recoverable before any Justice of the Peace, or any Chief Magistrate of a Town within their respective Jurisdictions; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for every Inspector in every public Fair or Market, to seize any Yarn that shall be found deficient in Length or Count, and which shall not be conformable to the Regulations aforesaid, and to carry the same before any Justice of the Peace, or any Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, who are hereby authorized to hear and finally determine the said Complaints, and to order the said Yarn to be rereeled and made conformable to the Regulations of this Act, and issue his or their Warrant to levy the Penalty aforesaid, and the Costs of his or their Warrant, off the Goods and Chattels of the Person so selling the said Yarn, or exposing same to Sale in open Market as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspector to retain and keep the said Yarn in his Custody and Possession, until the said Penalty is paid: Provided always, however, that nothing hereinbefore mentioned shall extend or "be construed to extend to or affect the Manufacture and Sale of Yarn, however made up and sold or exposed to Sale, at other Times and Places save in open Market, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that all Persons may manufacture and make up Yarn in any Manner they may think proper, and sell the same, without being subject to the above Regulations, unless they sell the same in open Market.

XVI. And be it enacted, that all Flax of the Growth of Ireland sold or exposed to Sale in any Fair or Market, and all Flax sold by Sample in Fair or public Market in Ireland, shall be of equal Cleanness and Quality throughout each Parcel, on pain of Forfeiture of One Shilling per Stone by the Person so selling or exposing the same to Sale; and that in all Cases of Fraud or false Representation in the Sale of Linen Yarn or of Flax, whether sold in Fair or Market or otherwise, and also in all Cases of Fraud or Neglect by Persons employed to clean and prepare Flax for Market by the Owners of such Flax, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of a Town within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Complaint made to them, to hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and to award Damages and Costs to the Party aggrieved, against the Persons so selling such Flax or Yarn, or against the Owner or Owners thereof, or against such Person so employed to clean such Flax as aforesaid: Provided always, that no greater Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for or in respect of such Damages and Costs by any such Justice or Justices or Chief Magistrate, than the Sum of Four Pence per

each

Penalty,

Costs.

Not to affect any Sale of Yarn, save in open Market.

Flax sold in Market, to be of equal Fineness and Quality.

In case of Fraud in Sale of Yarn or Flax or Fraud or Neglect in cleaning.

Damages recoverable before a Magistrate.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

If no Distress Imprisonment.

Justices may examine Persons upon Oath.

Opinion final.

Brown Linen of certain Denominations sold in open Market to be of certain Widths,

Yard wide.

7-8ths.

3-quarters.

D-8ths.

5-quarters.

6-quarters.

each Hank of Yarn, and One Shilling per Stone for each Stone of Flax; and in default of Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate of a Town, to issue his or their Warrant to any Constable for the Distress and Sale of every such Offender's Goods; and in case of no sufficient Distress, to commit every such Person or Persons to Gaol or the House of Correction for any Period not exceeding one Month, unless such Damages be sooner paid: Provided also, that such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, in case it shall seem to them expedient and necessary, shall and may summon before them Three Persons skilled in Flax or Yarn, and swear them (which Oath he and they are hereby empowered to administer) well and truly to examine the said Flax or Yarn, and true Verdict give whether the same is fraudulent^ made up, or whether there has been any Fraud or Misrepresentation in the Sale thereof, or whether there has been any Fraud or Neglect in the cleaning or preparing of such Flax, whose Opinion shall be final and conclusive upon the same.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any public Fair or Market any Piece of brown Linen Cloth, being of or exceeding the Set of Twelve Hundred, made or intended to be of the Denomination commonly called Yard wide, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached Thirty seven Inches and a Half broad at least; and that, all Cloth of the Denomination of Yard wide, being under the Set of Twelve Hundred, shall be when brown Thirty six Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth, being of the Denomination commonly called Seven ' eighths wide, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached Thirty two Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth, being of the Denomination commonly called Three quarters wide, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached Twenty eight Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Nine eighths wide Sheeting, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached, Forty one Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any Public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Five Quarters wide Sheeting, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached Forty five Inches broad at least; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any public Market any Piece of plain Linen Cloth of the Denomination of Six Quarters wide Sheeting, that shall not be when brown and before the same shall be bleached Fifty four Inches broad at least; and that if any Person or Persons shall sell or expose to Sale in any Fair or Market any Linen Cloth or Sheetings of the Denominations above mentioned, which shall not be respectively of the Widths above directed and specified, he or they shall be

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

1005

subject to a Penalty of not less than Five Shillings, nOr more than Ten Shillings, for each such Piece so sold or exposed to Sale, said Penalty or Penalties to be recoverable before a Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate within their respectiveJ^ris-dictions; and that no Piece of brown or unbleached pl^fsJEnen Cloth shall be sold or exposed to Sale in any public^Plarket which shall be thicker or finer in the Selvage than in Ilie Body of such Piece, or which shall not be of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout every Part of the Length and Breadth of such Piece, under Penalty of Forfeiture of the same to the said Trustees, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector to seize the same: Provided always, that if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by any such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful for such Person within Four Days after the Seizure to appeal to any Magistrate, first giving Notice to the Inspector or other Person as aforesaid of such his or her Intention; and the Magistrate to whom such Appeal shall be made shall summon such Inspector or other Person as aforesaid, to produce the brown Linen so seized, and assign the Cause or Causes why he seized the same, and shall call before him Three Persons skilled in brown Linen to attend and give their Opinion upon Oath of the Sufficiency of the said Cause or Causes, and whether the said brown Linen was seizable and forfeited by virtue of this Act; and if Two of the said Three Persons shall deem the said brown Linen not to have been seizable and forfeited under the Provisions in this Act, the same shall be restored to the Person or Persons from whom the same was seized, and the Inspector, if required by the said Magistrate, shall pay such Damages, not exceeding Five Shillings per Piece of brown Linen, to the said Person or Persons from whom he so seized the same, as the said Magistrate shall adjudge, upon pain of being by him committed to close Confinement until he shall pay the same: Provided always, that if Two of the said Three Persons shall deem the said brown Linen to have been seizable and forfeited under the Provisions in this Act, the same shall be immediately returned to the Inspector for the Disposal of the said Trustees.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Piece of brown or unbleached Linen Cloth that shall be brought to any Fair or Market, or that shall be sold or exposed to Sale, shall be so brought, sold or exposed to Sale in open Folds, and no ways tied at either End or in the Middle; and that every such Piece, excepting such as are generally known by the Name of Osnaburghs or Dowlasses, shall be also crisped; and that every single Piece of such Linen Cloth, not containing more than Twenty five Yards in Length, shall be in Folds not exceeding Twenty seven Inches, in Length in each Fold, and that every double Linen Cloth, not containing more than Fifty YjPPnmLength, shall be in Folds not exceeding Thirty six Inches in Length in each Fold; and that every double Piece of such Linen Cloth, containing more than Fifty Yards in Length, shall be in Folds not exceeding Forty Inches in each Fold, upon pain of forfeiting, by the Person or Persons so selling or exposing the same to Sale as aforesaid, a Sum not less than Two Shillings and Sixpence, nor

more

Penalty,

Linen to be of equal Fineness throughout, under Forfeiture.

Persons aggrieved by Seizure may appeal to Magistrate.

Linen or Yarn deemed seizable returned to Inspector.

Linen in Fair ©r Market,

how to be made up.

Penalty.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Weaver to Weave Two Coarse Threads;

and write his Name and Residence.

Penalty.

Linen how measured.

Penalty.

Linen stained or pasted.

Penalty. Proviso for Sales, except ill open Market.

Seal Masters, their Duty.

more than Five Shillings for such Piece; and that every Linen Weaver, or Linen Manufacturer, shall across each End of every Piece of Linen Cloth by him, his Journeyman or Apprentice woven, weave or cause to be woven, Two Coarse Threads or Cords distant from each other about One Fourth Part of an Inch, and shall also write or cause to be written with Pen and Ink, close to such Coarse Threads or Cords, on each End, in legible Characters, his Christian Name, Surname and Place of Residence; and in case any Weaver shall neglect to weave such Coarse Threads as aforesaid, or cause same to be woven, or to write or cause his Name to be written as aforesaid, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be recoverable before any Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of a Town within their respective Jurisdictions.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all brown Linen shall be measured between Seal and Seal, and that bad and insufficient Ends shall not be taken into the Length thereof, and shall be bought and sold by no other Measure but the Statute Yard, containing Thirty six Inches; and that no extraordinary Measure or Allowance; except the Breadth of a Thumb, as is now generally practised, to every Yard in the Measuring thereof, shall be made therein by the Seller to the Buyer, or required, or accepted of, or taken by the Buyer from the Seller, upon pain that every Person so buying or selling such Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit not less than Two Shillings and Sixpence, nor more than Five Shillings for every such Offence.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall knowingly sell or expose to Sale in open Market any Piece of brown or unbleached Linen, any Part whereof shall have been pasted or spouted so as to make it look thick, or any brown Linen dyed or stained, either in the Yarn or Cloth, with any Material which has a Tendency to render the Part so stained or dyed difficult to bleach, upon pain of forfeiting not less than Five Shillings, or more than Ten Shillings for every such Piece: Provided alwa}^s, however, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or affect brown Linens not sold or brought to Sale in open Fair or Market, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that all Persons may manufacture and make up brown Linens in any Manner they may think proper, and sell the same without being subject to the aforesaid Regulations, unless they sell the same in open Market.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every Seal Master of brown or unbleached Linen, appointed as aforesaid, shall carefully view, examine and measure every Piece of such Linen that shall be produced and offered to him to be sealed; and if the same shall appear to him to be merchantable, and to be in every respect conformable to the Directions aforesaid, then and not otherwise such Seal Master shall and may affix, or cause to be affixed, a fair Impression of such Seal as shall be appointed for him by the said Trustees, with Lamp Black or Vermillion, or Stone Blue and Size or common Oil, on the Middle of such Fold, at not more than Thirteen Inches from the End of such Piece; and shall likewise mark or cause to be marked with such Ingredients

6° GEO. IV. C. 122.

1007

clients as aforesaid, on the Back ot Outside of every such Piece, the Length of such Piece, and the Number of Inches it contains in Breadth, and also the Plalf Inch, if the same shall be in Breadth Half an Inch more than any Number of Inches, without regard to any lesser Fractions of an Inch, and the Name of such Seal Master, and the Parish and County where he resides, or the Name of the Market Town for which he may be appointed to act; and that if any Parts of such Piece shall be damaged or faulty, but not so damaged or faulty as to render the same unmerchantable, every such damaged or faulty Part shall be fairly exposed in the Lap or Bosom of such Piece, so as that the same may be easily seen, and that opposite to such damaged or faulty Part upon the Bosom of every such Piece, such Seal Master shall affix, or cause to be affixed, an Impression of his Seal, with such Ingredients as aforesaid, to denote such damaged or faulty Part; and that such Seal Master shall and may demand Fee. and take the Sum of One Penny, and no more, for every Piece of brown or unbleached Linen, containing Twenty five Yards or under, that shall be by him sealed as aforesaid, and so in proportion for a greater Quantity; and that if any such Seal Master shall offend in any of the Matters aforesaid, every such Seal Master shall for every such Offence forfeit such Sum, not less Penalty, than Five Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings, as the Person or Persons hereinafter empowered to determine such Offences shall, upon the Circumstances of the Case, adjudge and determine.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall sustain Loss to Buyers any Loss or Damage in the buying any Piece of brown or un* of brown Cloth bleached Linen, by any damaged Part being concealed in the to be made good Folds thereof, or by its not answering the Measure as to the Seal Master* Length or Breadth marked thereon by such Seal Master, it shall

and may be lawful to and for such Person to sue for and recover from the Seal Master of such Piece, or the Person who shall, at the time of such sealing, be bound as Security for his faithful Discharge of the Office of Seal Master, the full Value of the Loss or Damage so sustained, to be determined by the Person or Persons by this Act empowered to determine such Offences.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Person wrho shall be ap- Seal Master pointed by the said Trustees to be a Seal Master from and after to enter into the passing of this Act, shall receive any Seal or Stamp of brown Security. Linen, or act as Seal Master, until he shall have entered into Security to the said Trustees, or their Secretary, in such Sum

as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, and shall likewise procure Two sufficient Persons, who shall at the same Time enter into a like Security jointly and severalty, in a Sum of equal Amount with that he is required to enter into, and all said Persons shall also make Affidavit respectively, each for himself, that he is really and bona fide worth the Sum for which he is bound in the said Security, over and above all his just Debts; the Condition of every of which Condition. Security shall be, that such Person so appointed Seal Master shall duly and diligently execute his Office, and neither seal, stamp or lap, or suffer the said Seal or Stamp to be put upon

any

1008

C. 122.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso for particular Seal Masters.

Seal Master to reside in Parish named in Seal.

Brown Linen sold in open Market, to be sealed.

Penalty.

Yarn or Linen brought to Market, to be sold within Custom Gap.

Penalty.

Hours of Sale.

Penalty.

any Linen which is not sound, merchantable and free from Mildew, Rottenness, or any Fraud or Damage, except such Holes, not exceeding Three in each Piece, as shall be exposed to View, and marked on the Outside thereof; and that such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall duly, and without Delay, pay all such Fines as shall be legally imposed on him as a Seal Master from time to time; and in case of the Death of One of his Sureties, that he will, within One Month after such Death shall have come to his Knowledge, procure another sufficient Person to enter into a like Security, with a like Affidavit; and that he, his Executors or Administrators, will surrender and give up the said Seal or Stamp when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; and that he will not at any Time lend, hire out or sell the said Stamp or Seal, or suffer the same to be used by any Person but himself, or his known Servant or Assistant, at his usual Place of Residence: Provided always, that a Seal Master appointed for any particular Market shall be at liberty to use his Seal or Stamp in respect to all Linens prepared for Sale in such Market, without reference to his Place of Residence.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Seal Master of brown Linen, except such as are or shall be appointed to particular Markets, shall reside within the Parish mentioned on his Seal, and that One of the Persons who shall enter into Security for him as aforesaid shall be resident within the same Parish, or in or within One Mile of the next Market Town thereto, within the same County; and that no Person shall sell or expose to Sale, or buy or agree to buy in open Market, any Piece of brown or unbleached Linen that shall not be at the Time of selling or exposing the same to Sale sealed and marked as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Piece.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Linen Yarn and browa Linen, which shall be sold or bought in any Fair or Market^ shall be sold or bought within the Custom Gap or Custom Gates of such Fair or Market; and in case any Person shall sell ar buy any Linen Yarn or brown Linen coming to any Fair or Market, and not within the said Custom Gaps or Gates, such Seller and Buyer shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recoverable before any Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of a Town within their respective Jurisdictions; and that no Linen Yarn sold or brought to Sale in any Fair or Market, shall be sold before the Hour of Eight o'CIock in the Morning, on the respective Fairs or Market Days; and that no brown Linen sold or brought to Sale in any Fair or Market shall be sold before Ten o'CIock in the Morning on the respective Fair or Market Days; and that if any Person shall sell, or offer or contract to sell, or shall buy, or offer or contract to buy in such Fair or Market, otherwise than as aforesaid, they shall be liable to a Penalty of Two Pence on each Hank of Yarn, or Five Shillings on each Piece of brown Linen, to be recoverable before a Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate of a Town within their respective Jurisdictions.

XXVI. And Whereas Disputes frequently arise in Fairs or

Markets

6° GEO. IV.

1009

C. 122.

Markets between the Buyer and Seller of Linen Cloth and c Yarn, in respect of Yarn or Cloth bought or sold, or agreed to ' be bought or sold:' For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Seller of any Cloth or Yarn, in any Fair or Market, if the Buyer of such Cloth or Yarn shall without just Cause refuse to pay him, her or them selling the same the Price agreed upon between them, or for the Buyer of such Cloth or Yarn, if the Seller shall without just Cause refuse to deliver to him, her or them buying the same, the said Cloth or Yarn, on being tendered the Price agreed upon to be paid for the same, to complain immediately, or at any Time within Twenty four Hours, to the next Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, who are hereby required and authorized forthwith to summon the Parties before him; and if it shall appear to such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate that the Buyer of such Linen Cloth or Yarn shall, without just and reasonable Cause, refuse or have refused to pay the Seller of such Cloth or Yarn the Price first agreed upon between such Buyer and Seller at such Fair or Market, such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order such Cloth or Yarn to be returned to the Seller thereof, and may by such WTarrant direct any Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings to be levied off the Goods and Chattels of such Buyer of Cloth or Yarn, who shall, without just Cause, refuse to pay the Price first agreed upon; the said Penalty to be paid to the Person who had sold or contracted to sell the same, as a Recompence for the Loss of Time and Sale of their Goods at such Fair or Market; and if it shall appear to such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, that the Seller of such Cloth or Yarn shall without reasonable Cause refuse or have refused to deliver up the said Cloth or Yarn to the Person or Persons to whom he had sold or agreed to sell the same, such Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order such Cloth or Yarn to be delivered up to the Person who had bought or agreed to buy the same; and may also by such Warrant direct any Penalty, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied off the Goods and Chattels of such Seller of Cloth or Yarn; the said Penalty to be paid to the Person who had bought or agreed to buy the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no Custom or Duty whatsoever shall be paid or demanded for any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, Flax, Hemp, or any Cloth made of Linen or Hempen Yarn, or Kelp, or Pot Ashes, Wheels, Reels, Hackles or Looms, for or by reason of their being brought to or kept in any Market or Fair; and that if any Person shall demand, exact, or take any Custom or Duty whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Justice of the Peace, and Chief Magistrate, and any One of the said Trustees, to administer an Oath to and take an Affidavit from any Person whatsoever, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in any wise relating to or concerning the Linen or Hempen Manufacture,

6 Geo. IV. 3 T or

Complaints in Fair or Market between Buyer and Seller referred to Justice of Peace.

Penalties.

Paid to Buyc.

No Toll on Flax Seed, &c.

Penalty.

Justices or Magistrates may take Affidavits.

1010

C. 122.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Forging Names or Certificate, or false swear-

Punishment.

Affirmation of a Quaker.

Punishment.

Forging, &c. any Seal or Stamp.

Punishment.

Trustees to sue in the Name of their Secretary;

Suit not to abate by Death or Removal of Secretary.

or any Branch thereof; and that if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Name of any Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate or Trustee, to any Certificate or Affidavit that shall be ordered or required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall produce to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Clerk for the Time being, any such Certificate or Affidavit, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, or shall knowingly swear any Thing which is false in such Affidavit, such Person or Persons shall, upon Conviction thereof, suffer such Punishment as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws of this Kingdom subject to.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That wherever any Oath is required by this Act to be taken, the Affirmation of a Person, if a Quaker, shall be sufficient in the Place of such Oath or Affidavit; and that every Person who shall knowingly affirm any Thing that is false, in any Affirmation which he or she shall or may affirm, in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or for the Purpose of obtaining any Bounty or Premium proposed or offered by the said Trustees, such Person shall, upon Conviction, suffer such Punishment as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws of this Kingdom subject unto.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any Seal or Stamp of any Seal Master appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, to any Piece or Part of a Piece of brown Linen, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges who shall try such Offence.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, to commence, prosecute and defend, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, any Suit either in Law or Equity, touching or concerning any Contract or Agreement heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by the said Trustees or their Secretary for the Time being, by such Order as aforesaid; and that all Suits and Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity, in the Name of such Secretary, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Suits and Proceedings had been commenced, prosecuted, defended or carried on in the Names of the said Trustees, or any of them; and in case any Bill or Petition shall be filed or exhibited in any Court of Equity against the said Trustees for the Time being, or any of them, or their Secretary for the Time being, for or on account of any Matter or Thing by the said Trustees, or any of them, made or done in Execution of the Powers, Authorities or Trusts heretofore or hereby vested in them, they the said Trustees, or any of them, shall not be obliged to answer such Bill or Petition, but that the Answer of such Secretary to such Bill or Petition shall be deemed and taken to be the Answer of the said Trustees, and shall be binding upon them to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case such Secretary shall happen to die or be removed while such Suit shall be depend-

ing, that then and in such Case such Suit shall not abate by the Death or Removal of such Secretarjq .but shall be carried on in the Name of the succeeding Secretary, and shall stand to all

Intents

6° GEO. IV.

ion

C. 122.

Intents and Purposes in the same Plight and Condition as it was immediately before such Death or Removal.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in all Indictments, Informations and Complaints, of what Nature or Kind soever, for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of or stealing the Property of the said Trustees, or the Funds committed to their Charge, or for any other Offence committed against or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Trustees, it shall and may be lawful to state the said Property or Funds to be the Property of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Trustees; and it shall be sufficient Proof that such Property or Funds be the Property or Funds of the said Secretary, if the same shall be proved to be the Property or Funds of the said Trustees; and every Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Trustees it shall and lawfully may in all Cases be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Secretary for the Time being of the said Trustees, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence; and the Death, Resignation or Removal of such Secretary shall not abate any such Action, Suit or Prosecution; and that in all such Cases it shall not be deemed necessary to name the said Trustees individually, but it shall be a sufficient Designation and Description of them to designate and describe them by the Name of " The Trustees of the Linen Manufactures of Ireland and that such Designation and Description shall be as good, sufficient and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Trustees were a Corporate Body.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Offences or Breaches committed of or against any Clause or Article contained in this Act, or in any of the Acts of Parliament now in force for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, where the Penalty or Forfeiture does not or may not exceed in Value the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, shall and may be heard and finally determined by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, or by any Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, where such Offences or Breaches shall be done or committed within their respective Jurisdictions: Provided always, that no such Determination shall be made, unless sufficient and reasonable Notice shall be given previously to the Party complained of; and that all Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences or Breaches done or committed of or against any Clause or Article in this present Act, or any other Act contained, where the Penalty or Forfeiture does or may exceed in Value Ten Pounds Sterling, shall or may be sued for and recovered by Suit or Action at Law, or b}^ Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Ireland, wherein no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits to be brought, committed and prosecuted for Recovery of Forfeitures or Penalties for Offences or Breaches done or committed against this Act, or any of the said Acts, where the Penalties or Forfeitures shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, the same shall be laid in the County, or in the County of

In all Indictments it shall be sufficient to name Secretary instead of Trustees.

Designation of Trustees.

Offences how tried and determined.

Penalty if exceeding 10L, then in superior Courts.

Venue in County.

Witnesses may be summoned

in Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Penalties to go to Trustees.

Certificate under Hand and Seal of Secretary to be Evidence.

Property vested In the Trustees.

C. 12-2. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825?.

the City or the County of the Town wherein such Offences or Breaches shall be committed, and no other.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shah and may be lawful to* and for the several Person or Persons, and Courts hereby empowered to hear and determine the said Offences respectively, to? summon and examine upon Oath all and every Witness as shall be produced before them respectively, which Oath they are hereby empowered respectively to administer upon any Complaint or Information to him or them made of any Breach committed of or against this i\ct, or any of the said Acts, and to issue their Executions or Warrants respectively to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the respective Counties, Conn ties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Constables, requiring and empowering him or them to execute tire same, as in all other Cases is usual.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person whatsoever, for doing or causing to be done any Act, Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act, or any Act of Parliament for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, or any Branch thereof, or any Thing relating thereto, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action, or in such Suit, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, that the Defendant or Defendants therein shall have Treble Costs.

XXXVII. And be it also enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties to be recovered under this Act before the several Courts, and Persons hereinbefore mentioned, shall go to and be paid to the said Trustees (except when the same is otherwise particularly enacted), to be applied by them in rewarding their Inspectors, or otherwise towards promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

XXXVIII. Be it also enacted, the Authority aforesaid, That in all Indictments and Criminal Proceedings, and in all other Cases whatsoever, in all Courts of Law or Equity, and before all Magistrates in this Kingdom, a Certificate of any Order, Proceeding, Appointment or other Act of the said Trustees, under the Hand and Seal of their Secretary for the Time being, shall> without further Proof, be deemed and taken as conclusive Evidence that such Order, Proceeding, Appointment or other Act, as shall be thereby certified, is the Order, Proceeding, Appointment or Act of the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures; and every such Certificate of the Appointment of their Secretary shall be conclusive Evidence, in like Manner that the Person so named in such Appointment is their Secretary.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Linen and Yarn Halls in the City of Dublin, and the House, Offices and Grounds adjoining thereto, and all other Estates and Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, now vested in the said Trustees, shall continue to be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, for the Time being, and their Successors.

XL. And Whereas the Expence of maintaining and keeping in good Condition the said Linen and Yarn Halls, and the said

4 Houses

A.D. 18'25.

6° GEO. IV. C. 122. 1013

Houses adjoining thereto, has hitherto been a heavy Charge upon the Funds of the said Trustees, from which Charge it is

expedient and necessary to relieve their said Funds; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees may and shall and they are Factors to psy hereby required to demand, take and receive from the Factors or Rent to Trus-others engaged in the said Trade a reasonable and sufficient Rent tees for Use for the Use of the said Halls, or such Parts of the same as the said Factors or others shall require, and for such Term, not exceeding tSeven Years from the First of November next after the passing of -this Act, as it may be the Pleasure of the said Trustees to let the same,

XLT. And should any Part or Parts of the said Linen and Yarn In case any Halls be found unnecessary for the Purposes of the said Linen Part of Hall be and Yarn Trades, be it enacted, That it shall and may fee lawful j^ne^Trades1^ for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered and same may be let required to appropriate such Part or Parts of the said Halls to by Trustees, any other public Purpose to which it may seem to the said Trustees to be expedient to apply them, demanding, taking and receiving such Rent for the same as shall appear to be reasonable and proper, and for such Term as the said Trustees shall please to appoint, not exceeding Seven Years; all such Rents to be applied fey the said Trustees towards defraying the Expence of maintaining the said Buildings in good Order and Condition, and for promoting the Linen Manufactures.

XLII. And Whereas various Acts have been passed in the Limiting Con Parliament of Ireland to regulate the Inspection and Sale of ^r^ain°Arts.

4 Flax Seed on Importation, for the Purpose of securing the Growers thereof against having unsound or defective Seed imposed upon them; and said Acts were all repealed by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His late Majesty, and new and other Provisions were made by said Act and subsequent Acts, for the Sale and Inspection of Flax Seed in Ireland; and it has been deemed expedient, that from and after the First of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, Flax Seed should be imported into Ireland free from any Legislative Regulation with respect to the Inspection or Sale thereof; and it is therefore expedient that the several Acts hereinafter mentioned, so far forth as the same relate to the Inspection and Sale of Flax Seed, shall be in force only until the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; that is to say,

an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King 42 G. 3.-C. 75.

4 George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; also another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of 44 g.3. c. 42.

4 His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty second Year of His Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland; also another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G. 3. c. 82.

4 Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That the said several To be in force Acts shall continue in force until the First Day of July One only till 1st July thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so far forth as the same 1826, so far as

are not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act; and that relate.sIn-

3 T 3 from spcction and

C. 122>123.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Sale of Flax Seed.

42 G.3. c. 75.

44 G.3. c, 42.

from and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the said several Acts, and every Thing therein contained, so far forth as the same relate to the Inspection and Sale of Flax Seed, be repealed, and thereby are repealed; any Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, certain Provisions and Regulations are made for the Inspection, Examination and Branding of all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported into Ireland, and certain Fees are thereby made payable on such Examination and Branding to the Inspectors of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed: And Whereas by the Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty second Year of His said Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, it is provided that all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed shall be imported into Ireland in Hogsheads, Casks or Packages, and that all Flax Seed Hemp Seed imported shall be inspected and examined, and the Hogsheads,

Casks or Packages in which the same are contained shall be branded or marked: And Whereas the said Provisions, and the said Clause, have been found inconvenient to Persons importing Flax Seed for crushing into Oil For Remedy whereof be it Fla^Seedmay enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand into^Ireland for e^lt: hundred and twenty five, all Flax Seed imported into Ireland crushing into for crushing into Oil may be so imported in Bulk or otherwise, and that the same shall not be subject to any Inspection or Branding of the Inspector of Flax Seed, or the Payment of any Fee thereon: Provided always, that the Importer thereof or his Agent shall, within Twenty four Flours after the landing of such Flax Seed, give Notice in Writing to the Port Inspector of Flax Seed that he

Oil, without Inspection or Branding.

Notice to be given to the Inspector, &c.

Not giving Notice, &c.

Penalty.

intends to crush the same into Oil, or to sell the same for being crushed into Oil, and shall enter into Security to the said Inspector at the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Bushel that the said Flax Seed shall not be sold for sowing, but that the same shall be crushed into Oil or exported out of Ireland.

XLIV. Provided also always, and be it enacted, That if any such Importer or his Agent shall neglect to give such Notice, or shall give any false or untrue Notice, or shall remove such Flax Seed from the Place mentioned in such Notice, or from the Place where such Flax Seed shall have been landed or stored, before he shall have given such Security as aforesaid, then and in either of such Cases every such Importer or his Agent shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum of Twenty Shillings per Bushel thereof, to be recovered as other Penalties under this Act.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to establish a Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons; and to prohibit the Sale of certain Offices under the Sergeant at Arms attending the House of Commons.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to establish a Taxation of the Costs and Expences charged by Parliamentary Agents,

4 Solicitors

6° GEO. IV. C. 123.

1015

4 Solicitors and others, in respect of Bills subject to the Payment of Fees in Parliament, commonly called Private Bills, and incurred in complying with the Standing Orders of the House of Commons relative to such Bills, and in preparing, bringing in and carrying the same through the Plouse of Commons; and to make Provision for the more easy Recovery of such Costs and Expences Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Petitioner or Petitioners for a Private Bill brought into the Commons House of Parliament, or the Agent or Agents of any such Petitioner or Petitioners, shall make Application to the Speaker of the House of Commons, complaining of the Amount of the Costs and Expences charged by any Parliamentary Agent or Solicitor, or any other Person employed in soliciting or preparing such Bill, or in complying with the Standing Orders relative thereto, on behalf of any such Petitioner; or if any Parliamentary Agent or Solicitor, or other Person employed in soliciting any such Private Bill, or in preparing the same, or in complying with the Standing Orders relative thereto, shall make Application to the Speaker, complaining that he is aggrieved by the Nonpayment of the Costs and Expences charged by him in respect of any such Private Bill, it shall be lawful for the Speaker, upon receiving any such Application, and the Speaker is hereby authorized and required, to direct that such Costs and Expences, so far as the same shall relate to the House of Commons, shall, be taxed by such Person or Persons as the Speaker shall think proper to appoint; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons so appointed for the taxing of such Costs and Expences, and he and they is and are hereby required to tax the same, and to report to the Speaker the Amount of such Costs and Expences which such Person or Persons shall think fit to be allowed upon and after such Taxation; and the Speaker shall, upon Application, deliver to the Person or Persons concerned therein and requiring the same, a Certificate, signed by himself, expressing the Amount of the Costs and Expences allowed in and by such Report; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so appointed to tax such Costs and Expences, and he and they is and are hereby authorized respectively, to demand and receive for such Taxation and Report such Fees as shall be from time to time fixed by any Resolution of the House of Commons, and for that Purpose to charge the Amount of such Fees at the Foot of such Report, either against the Party applying for such Taxation, or against any Party complained of, or in such Proportions against each of such Parties as such Person or Persons so taxing such Costs may think fit; and such Certificate, so signed by the Speaker, shall be conclusive Evidence of all Demands therein certified, and the Party claiming under the same shall (upon receiving the Amount so certified) give a Receipt at the Foot of such Certificate, and such Receipt shall be sufficient Discharge for such Costs and Expences.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Petitioner, Agent or other Person liable to the Payment of such Costs and Expences, shall refuse to pay the Amount so certified by the Speaker in

3 T 4 any

On Application made to Speaker, as to Costs and Expences of Private Bills, he is to direct the same to be taxed by such Persons as he shall appoint.

Fees to be allowed for such Taxation.

Certificate signed by Speaker, Evidence.

In Actions against Perscras liable to pay

C. 123, 124.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Costs, Speaker's Certificate shall have the Effect of Warrant to confess Judgment.

52 G.3. c.ll. §3.

repealed.

Proviso for Persons appointed during this Session to the said Offices.

] &2G.4, £. xxi.

any Action which shall be commenced for the Recovery of such Costs and Expences, such Certificate so signed by the Speaker as aforesaid shall have the Force and Effect of a Warrant to confess Judgment, and the Court in which such Action shall be commenced shall, upon Motion and Production of such Certificate, order Judgment to be entered up for the Sum specified in such Certificate, in like Manner as if the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action had signed a Warrant to confess Judgment in such Action to that Amount.

III. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty second ' Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, ' intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and i Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, for establishing certain (Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to c establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices: And ' Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as directs that certain Offices under the Sergeant at Arms attending ' the House of Commons shall continue to be sold; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have been appointed to any of the said Offices during the present Session of Parliament, he or they shall be exempted and discharged from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for the same to which he or they is or are liable in pursuance of the said recited Act, and he and they is and are hereby exempted and discharged according^.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for making the Four Districts in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-boiie, in the County of Middlesex, District Rectories for certain Purposes.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the First and Second Years W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County oj Middlesex, to effectuate the building of Four District Churches in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto: And Whereas by the said Act the Commissioners for building and promoting the building of additional Churches were empowered to build Four District Churches in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone: And Whereas it was thereby enacted that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners, with such Consent as therein mentioned, to assign a particular District to each andeveiy or any of the said District Churches,

such Assignment to be confirmed by His Majesty in Council, and that each Division or District should be under the immediate Care of the respective District Ministers, so far as relates to visiting and administering the Sacrament to the Sick at their own Habitations, and Churching of Women: And it was also by the said recited Act enacted, that each District Minister so to be appointed as aforesaid should perform Divine Service, and preach and administer the Holy Sacrament in the District Church of which he should be Minister, as therein mentioned

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 124. 1017

and should perform all Parochial Duties belonging to the Function of a Minister, save and except the Publication of Banns, the Solemnization of Matrimony and Baptisms; and it should be lawful for the said District Ministers to receive, demand, and take the Easter Dues or offerings and the Surplice Fees to arise, accrue and become payable within each of their respective Districts (save and except as therein mentioned); And it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that all Publication of Banns, and all Marriages, and also Baptisms, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone (including the said Four Districts), should be performed at the then Parish Church as the same wmre then done, and at no other Place; and that all Fees for the same respectively should be paid to the Incumbent Minister or Rector of the said Parish: Provided that nothing therein contained should extend to exempt any such District Ministers from the Duty of performing private Baptisms in their respective Districts, when duly required so to do: And Whereas, in pursuance of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, a District Church has been built in Wyndham Place, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and duly consecrated, and a District Minister has been thereunto appointed, and a District duly assigned to the same: And Whereas one other District Church has been built in Langham Place, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and duly consecrated, and a District Minister has been thereunto appointed, and a District duly assigned to the same: And Whereas one other District Church has been built and duly consecrated in Stafford Street, in the said Parish, and a District Minister has been thereunto appointed, and a District duly assigned to him: And Whereas one other District has been assigned in the Eastern Part of the said Parish, and a Scite provided therein for a Church in Osnaburgh Street, and Preparations are made for speedily erecting the same: And Whereas it appears ft and expedient, for the better carrying into effect the pious and benevolent Purposes for which the said recited Act was framed, that the said Districts should be more fully and completely appropriated for Ecclesiastical Purposes, and Names given thereto, and other and further Duties performed therein by the District Ministers respectively:

And Whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is the Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of the said Parish May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as prohibits the District Ministers of the said Four Districts from Publication of Banns, or the Solemnization of Marriages and Baptisms, and from taking the Surplice Fees due and arising and accruing therefrom, and also so much of the said recited Act as enacts that all Publication of Banns, and all Marriages and Baptisms, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone (including the said Four Districts), shall be performed at the present Parish Church, as the same were then done, and at no other Place, and

that

So much of re* cited Act as prohibits the District Minis^ ters from publishing Banns, or the Solemnization of Marriages and Baptisms, and as directs Payment of Fees

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

For the same to the Incumbent of the Parish, repealed.

The Four District Rectories to be distinguished by the Names herein mentioned.

Proviso.

District Churches not tenable with Parish Church.

Districts and Description of Boundaries to be inrolled in Chancery.

that all Fees for the same respectively should be paid to the Incumbent Minister or Rector of the Parish, so far as the same comprizes or relates to the said Four Districts, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Four Districts, and the respective Churches built and to be built therein, shall be severally known and distinguished by the Names following; (that is to say), the Church situate in Wynclham Place shall be called by the Name of " Saint Marys Church in Saint Mary-le-bone," and the District belonging thereto shall be called "The District Rectory of Saint Mary in Saint Mary-le-boneand the Incumbent Minister thereof shall be called and denominated the District Rector thereof; and the Church situate in Langham Place shall be called by the Name of " All Souls Church in Saint Mary-le-boneand the District belonging thereto shall be called by the Name of " The District Rectory of All Souls in Saint Mary-le-bone," and the Incumbent Minister thereof shall be called and denominated the District Rector thereof; and the Church situate in Stafford Street shall be called by the Name of " Christ Church in Saint Mary-le- Bone," and the District belonging thereto shall be called by the Name of " The District Rectory of Christ Church in Saint Mary-le-bone," and the Incumbent Minister thereof shall be called and denominated the District Rector thereof; and the Church intended to be built in Osnaburgh Street shall be called " Trinity Church," and the District thereof shall be called "The District Rectory of the Trinity, or "Trinity District Rectory, in Saint Mary-le-bone," and the Incumbent Minister thereof shall be called and denominated the District Rector thereof: Provided always, that such Denomination of District Rectors, and District Churches, shall not be deemed or taken to convey to the said District Rectors, or District Churches, any Right, Power or Authority other than such as are expressly given by this Act and the above recited Act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That neither of the Churches of the said District Rectories shall be tenable with the original Parish Church, nor with either of the Churches of the other said District Rectories.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Four Districts so made and ascertained, and marked out by described Bounds, and made distinct and separate District Rectories by this Act, and the Description of the Bounds thereof respectively, shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and be registered in the Office of Registry of the Diocese; and a correct Copy of the Description of such Districts, and of the respective Boundaries thereof, shall be printed or painted in legible Characters, and hung up in the Vestry Room of the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone; and a Copy of each of such Districts, and of the Description of the Boundaries thereof, shall be kept in the Chest of the Church of the District Ptectory with the Books of Registers of the Church; and another Copy shall be printed or painted in some conspicuous Place of the Church of the District Rectory, so as to be accessible at all seasonable Times to every Person desirous of inspecting the same.

6° GEO. IV. C. 124. 1019

Bishop of London to certify to Incumbent of each of Four District Rectories, and public Notice given in the Parish Church, that Banns may be published, and Marriages and

Churches of the District Rectories, &c.

V. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, the Lord Bishop of the Diocese of London for the Time being shall, and the said Lord Bishop is hereby authorized and required forthwith, as soon as the same can be done, to certify the passing of this Act to the Incumbent Minister of each of the Four District Rectories of the said Parish; and public Notice shall be given in the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and also in each of the Churches of the said District Rectories, on the Sunday succeeding the Receipt by such Minister as aforesaid of such Certificate, that thereafter Banns may be published, and Marriages and Christenings may be solemnized and had in Baptismsso-the Church of such District Rectories respectively, as directed by lemnized in this Act; and such Certificates respectively shall be kept in the respective Chests of the Churches of each of the said District Rectories, with the Books of Registry thereof, and a Copy thereof shall be entered in the Books of Registry of Banns and Marriages, and a Duplicate of such Certificate shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese; and such Certificate shall be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence in all Courts, and in all Questions relating to any Banns published, or Marriages celebrated or solemnized in any such Church, that the same might, according to Law, respectively be published and celebrated and solemnized in such Church; and that all Banns published, and Marriages celebrated, solemnized and had in any such Church, according to the Laws and Canons in force within this Realm in that Behalf, shall, after the granting of such Certificate, be good, valid, legal and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

Provided always, that no Banns or Marriages respectively, pub- proviso. lished, celebrated, solemnized or had according to the Laws and Canons in force within the Realm in that Behalf in any such Church, after the same are allowed by this Act to be solemnized therein, shall be or be deemed or taken to be invalid or illegal, or void or voidable, by reason of any such Certificate not having been duly given or registered or entered, as hereinbefore required: Provided always, that until the Church intended to be built in Osnaburgh Street, and directed by this Act to be called " Trinity Church," shall be consecrated, all Banns of Marriages and Baptisms within the District assigned to the said Church, which is by this Act directed to be called " Trinity District Rectory," shall respectively be published, solemnized and had in the present Parish Church, as the same are now done; and all Fees for the same respectively shall be paid to the Minister or Rector of the said Parish Church.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Receipt District MimV of such Certificate and Notice given as aforesaid (and not before), ters empowered it shall be lawful for the Ministers of the Churches of the said gaPn^ai.r District Rectories respectively, to publish all Banns, and solemnize and"baptize/ all Marriages, either by Banns or Licence, and administer all in their several Baptisms in the Churches of their said District Rectories respect- Districts, ivety, and to perform all other Parochial Functions of a Minister, Exception, in the same Manner as the Incumbent Minister or Rector of Saint Mary-le-bone is now by Law empowered to do, and also to take all Fees for the same resectively (save and except as hereinafter mentioned with respect to Burials).

C. 124.

6° GEO. IV. A.D.; 1825:

Banns and Marriages so published and solemnized, valid.

Subject to Penalties, &c.

Acts of Parliament, &c. relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, &c. to apply to such Districts and Churches.

Proviso for Law respecting Burials.

Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone one Parish, Exception. Powers of Vestrymen.

Trinity District.

[Public Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Banns and Marriages so published and solemnized in the Churches of the said District Rectories shall be in all respects and for all Purposes valid and effectual, as if such Banns and Marriages had been published and solemnized in the Parish Church, and the Churches shall be considered as the proper Churches for the Publication of Banns and the Solemnization of Marriage of all Persons residing within the said District Rectories respectively, in the Place of the said Parish Church, and the Banns and Marriages of all such Persons shall be published and solemnized in the Church of the District Rectory in which they reside, subject to all the Laws, Restrictions and Penalties now in force, or that may be hereinafter enacted respecting the Publication of Banns and the Solemnization of Marriage of Persons residing in any separate and distinct Parish.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, and Laws and Customs, relating to publishing of Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Christenings and Churchings, and the Registering thereof, and to all Ecclesiastical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, shall apply to all such District Rectories, and the Churches thereof, when and so soon as Banns of Marriage shall be allowed to be published, and Marriages, Christenings and Churchings, or any of them, shall be allowed to be solemnized therein, and to the Ecclesiastical Persons having Cure of Souls therein, or serving the same, in like Manner in every respect as if the same respectively had been ancient, separate and distinct Parishes and Parish Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, taken or construed to alter or in any way affect the Law respecting Burials to be performed within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and the Burial Fees thereof, as settled or declared by the aforesaid Act, or by any other Act or Law now in force concerning the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, including the said Four District Rectories, shall continue to be one whole and entire Parish, for all Purposes other than and except Ecclesiastical Purposes, as herein declared; and that the Powers of the Vestrymen of the said Parish shall remain and continue to be the same in all respects as they are or were before the passing of this Act, and they are hereby empowered to carry this Act into execution, as if the several Clauses hereof had formed Part of the said recited Act.

XI. Provided always nevertheless, That this Act shall have no effect as to the said District Rectory to be called " Trinity District Rectory/' until the Consecration of the Church in such District.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1021

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting Pilots and Pilotage: and also for the better Preservation of Floating Lights, Buoys and Beacons.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS Ships and Vessels have frequently been wrecked,

and many Lives and much Property have been lost, from the Ignorance or Misconduct of Persons taking charge of such Ships and Vessels as Pilots: And Whereas the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, commonly called The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, "

have, as well by Usage for more than Three Centuries, as by Grants from the Crown, been empowered to appoint Pilots,

4 Loadsmen or Guides, to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out of and upon the River of Thames, through the North Channel,

4 to or by Orfordness, and round the Long Sand Head, or through the Queens Channel, the South Channel, or other Channels, into the Downs, and from and by Orfordness and up the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames and Medway, and the several Creeks and Channels belonging or running into the same, and to make such Orders and Constitutions as should be needful for the wholesome Government of Seafaring Men, and Maintenance and Increase of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men within the said River of Thames; in pursuance of which Powers the said Corporation have from time to time appointed a sufficient Number of Pilots for the Purposes before mentioned, and made Orders for the better Regulation and Government of the same: And Whereas there hath been Time out of Mind, and now is, a Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, wrho have had the Pilotage and Loadmanage of all Ships from the said Places up the Rivers Thames and Medway, which said Society or Fellowship have been confirmed by various Acts of Parliament for regulating the Pilots of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots: And Whereas by certain Acts of Parliament, and more particularly by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 52 G.3. c*39. King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual § 2.

4 Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England, certain additional Powers and Authorities were vested as well in the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, as also in the Corporation of the Trinity House of the Ports of Hull and Newcastle respectively: And Whereas a certain other Act of Parliament was passed in the Fifty fifth 55 G. 3. c. 87. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the Port of London, in respect of Pilotage, and to regulate the Mode of Payment of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port; And Whereas the Provisions of the said Acts have been

1022

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

52 0.3. c. 39. 55.G.3. c. 87. and all Provisions in other Acts relating to Pilots and Pilotage, repealed;

save as to Rates and Penalties or Acts done before Operation of this Act.

The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to license Pilots to act within certain Limits.

Pilots heretofore appointed may act until the 31st January next.

found inadequate and insufficient, and it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed (except as hereinafter provided), and that the several Provisions therein contained re-£ specing Pilots and Pilotage should be improved and amended,

and consolidated in One Law May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and also the said Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, relating as wrell to Pilots appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as to Pilots of the Fellowship of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, and to the Pilotage by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, and also as to the Conduct of all Persons in Matters of Plotage, within the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal so much of the said Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, or either of them, as relates to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Act, Matter or Thing done or to be done before the Commencement of the Operation of the Provisions of this Act, in relation to any such Matters and Things as last aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby required, after due Examination, to appoint and license, under their Common Seal, fit and competent Persons duly skilled to act as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducting all Ships and Vessels sailing, navigating and passing as well up and down or upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks and Docks thereof or therein, or leading or adjoining thereto, between Orfordness and London Bridge, as also from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs westward as far as the Isle of Wight, and in the English Channel, from the Isle of Wight up to London Bridge; and all Ships and Vessels sailing, navigating and passing as aforesaid (save and except as hereinafter provided), shall be conducted and piloted within the Limits aforesaid, by such Pilots so to be appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for all Pilots heretofore licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, until the Thirty first Day of January next after the passing of this Act, and whilst their Licences shall respectively continue in force, but no longer, to pilot or conduct any Ships or Vessels'within such Limits as such Pilots might lawfully have conducted and piloted the same immediately before the

passing

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1023

passing of this Act; and the Licences so heretofore granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid, shall, unless revoked or suspended, as hereinafter mentioned, continue in force notwithstanding this Act, until the said Thirty first Day of January, so that such Pilots respectively do in all things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations hereinafter directed to remain in force, or to be established under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond as a Pilot, who shall not have served as Mate for Three Years on board of, or who shall not have been for One Year in the actual Command of a Square rigged Vessel of not less than eighty Tons Register Tonnage, as to Licences for the North Channel upwards, and not less than One hundred and fifty Tons Register Tonnage, as to Licences for the North Channel, Queen s Channel, South Channel, or other Channels downwards, or who shall not have been employed in the Pilotage or Buoyage Service of the said Corporation of Trinity House for Seven Years, or who shall not have served an Apprenticeship of Five Years to some Pilot Vessel licensed under the said Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of ITis said late Majesty, or under this Act; and that no Person so licensed shall take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water in the Rivers Thames or Medway, or any of the Channels leading thereto or therefrom, until such Person shall have acted as a licensed Pilot for Three Years, and shall have been after such Three Years, on Re-examination, approved of in that Behalf by the said Corporation of Trinity House, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Person acting as such Pilot, as also by the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, who shall permit any such Person to take charge, as a Pilot of the same, contrary to the Provision aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Pilot already licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or to be licensed by the said Corporation under the Authority of this Act, (except only such Pilots as have been or shall be so licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination by any Subcommissioners of Pilotage,) as in the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and hereinafter directed in lieu and satisfaction of and for all the ancient and accustomed Duties heretofore payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, shall from time to time and at all Times hereafter pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same on their Behalf, the Sum of Three Guineas, in the Month of January yearly; and that each and every Pilot so licensed, or to be licensed by the said Corporation as aforesaid, as well upon receiving such Certificates as aforesaid, as otherwise howsoever, shall also from time to time and at all Times, from and after the First Day of July next, pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Places and Times as the said Corporation shall in that Behalf appoint, a

certain

No Person to be licensed except as herein specified, nor take charge of Ships herein described until he shall have acted Three Years, and have been then reexamined and again approved.

Penalty,

Pilots (Exception) to pay annually St. 3s., and 6d. in the Pound on their Earnings, in lieu of ancient Duties, as under52 G. 3, c. 39.

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty,

Payments applied to Pilots Fund.

Trinity House to appoint Subcommissioners to examine Pilots at requisite Ports, and on their Certificate of Qualification may grant Licences.

Trinity Houses of Hull and Newcastle may also appoint Subcommissioners.

Subcommissioners already appointed, to continue.

certain Poundage of Sixpence in the Pound upon all the Pilotage earned by each and every of such Pilots, from the said First Day of July inclusive, on pain of Forfeiture for default of any of the Payments aforesaid, or for any Concealment or Fraud therein or relating thereto, double the Amount payable, and of being suspended or dismissed from acting as a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Corporation; which said Payments hereby directed to be made as aforesaid shall be carried to and applied to the Purposes of the Pilots Fund of the said Corporation hereinafter mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby required to appoint from time to time (as often and for such Periods as they in their Discretion shall think fit) proper and competent Persons, at such Ports or Places in England as they may think requisite (except within the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, and all such other Ports and Places within or for which particular Provision shall have been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots), not to exceed Five nor less than Three Persons at each Port or Place for which any such Appointment shall be made, which Persons so to be appointed shall be called Subcommissioners of Pilotage, and shall take the Oath in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (C), for the faithful Discharge of their Duty; and such Persons so to be appointed shall examine, and they are hereby authorized (so long as their respective Deputations or Appointments shall not be revoked or superseded by the Appointment of other Persons in their Places) to examine into the Qualification of Persons to act as Pilots for such respective Ports and Places, and the adjoining Coasts specified in their respective Deputations or Appointments as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a satisfactory Certificate under the Hands of any Three of the ^Persons so to be appointed, where the whole Number at any Port or Place shall consist of Four or Five, and of any Two where the whole Number shall consist of Three, that the Person examined as aforesaid is duly qualified to act for such Port or Ports and the adjoining Coasts, to give a Licence to such Person to act as a Pilot within the particular Limits (describing the same) for which he shall have passed such Examination.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be

lawful for the Corporations of the Trinity Houses of the Ports of Hull and Newcastle respectively, to appoint Subcommissioners of Pilotage to examine Pilots, and give Licences for them to pilot Ships and Vessels into or out of any Ports, Harbours or Places within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided

always, that such Subcommissioners as have been already appointed, either by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond ', or by the said Corporations of the Trinity Houses of

the Ports of Hull and Newcastle respectively, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, shall continue to act in the same Manner as if they were appointed under this Act.

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1025

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall have licensed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the respective Coasts near the same as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice of such Licences to be published by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House and at the Custom House in London, and also at the respective Custom Houses of the Ports for which, and for the Coasts near the same such Licences shall be granted, and shall also afterwards cause such Notice to be published in the London Gazette, and in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and sufficient Evidence of such Notice having been given; and from and after a Time or Times to be limited in the said Notice, which shall not in any Case, or in relation to any Ships or Vessels whatever, be less than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be proportionably more at the Discretion of the said Corporation, in relation to Ships and Vessels engaged in Foreign Voyages at the Time of such Publication, all Ships and Vessels sailing, navigating or passing into or out of the said respective Ports, or upon the Coasts thereof (save and except as hereinafter mentioned), shall be conducted and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as aforesaid, and by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby authorized and required to establish, vary and alter from time to time, as Circumstances shall render the same necessary, Rates of Pilotage, in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port or Place, or upon any Coast whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots already licensed, or who shall be licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from Sub commissioners of Pilotage as aforesaid, which Rates shall be regulated by and proportioned as well to the Size and Draught of Water of the Vessels, as to the Distance Piloted, the Detention and Responsibility of the Pilot, and such other Circumstances as the said Corporation may think fit to take into Consideration in fixing and establishing such Rates; of which Establishment or Alteration of Rates of Pilotage Notice shall be given, by hanging up printed Tables thereof, corrected from time to time as Variations therein shall be made at the several Custom Houses at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply; and no greater or less Rates, or other Reward or Emolument for such Pilotage, shall under any Pretence whatever be demanded, solicited, received, paid or offered, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the person demanding, soliciting or receiving, as by the Person paying or offering such greater or less Rates, Reward or Emolument: Provided that Ships returning by Distress of Weather, contrary Winds, or on account of Accident, into Ports in the Districts of the Isle of Wight, Plymouth and Falmouth, shall be subject to pay One half of the common Pilotage in the said Ports.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall be licensed by the

6 Geo. IV. 3 U said

Notice of Appointment of Pilots by Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to be fixed up at Trinity House, &c. after which no other Pilot or Person shall act.

Trinity House to establish Rates for Pilotage.

Tables hung up at Custom Houses of Ports;

no other Rates to be received or paid. Penalty. Proviso for Ships in Distress, See.

Majority of Pilots, or any

1026

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Ship Owner, being dis-satisfied with Rates, may appeal to Privy Council.

Licences to be granted for One Year and renewable.

Signed by Secretary.

Trinity House of Deptford Strond may make Bye Laws and annex Penalties for Breach of them.

said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for any particular Port or Place, in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examinations as aforesaid, shall be dis-satisfied with the Rates so established or altered for such Port or Place; or in case any Owner of any Ship or Vessel interested in any such Rates shall be dis-satisfied therewith, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively to appeal to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in His or Their most Honourable Privy Council, and for any Committee of such Privy Council, calling to their Assistance any such Persons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal or Appeals, and to settle, alter and regulate such Rates as to them shall appear to be expedient, in case the Matter of such Appeal shall, in the Discretion of the said Privy Council, or Committee thereof, appear to require the making of any Order therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Licences to be granted under the Authority of this Act, by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, shall be granted in the first Instance up to and until the Thirty first Day of January next ensuing the Date thereof, and no longer; and that the same Licences, and also all and every the Licences heretofore granted by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and which shall be in force at the Time of the passing this Act, shall and may be renewed and confirmed from Year to Year, up to and until the Thirty first Day of January in every Year and no longer, at the Discretion of the said Corporation, such Renewal and Confirmation to be by Indorsement on such Licences respectively, signed by the Secretary to the said Corporation for the Time being, or by such other Person or Persons as shall or maybe thereunto authorized by the said Corporation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Pilots, or in Pilot Vessels, by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, by virtue of this Act, shall from time to time and at all Times hereafter be subject to the Regulations and Government of the said Corporation, who are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for ensuring the good Conduct and constant Attendance of such Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purposes of this Act, from time to time to make and frame all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any such Pilots to the Sub Commissioners of Pilotage, for the Examination of such Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from time to time; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporation respectively to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances when made, as to them shall seem expedient in that Behalf; and from time to time to annul, alter and amend all or any of the existing Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances, and to make such other and new Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances as they shall think proper, so as such Bye Laws-, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances be made conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this

19 Realm:

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1027

Realm: Provided always, that no Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or Ordinances hereafter to be made by the said Corporation, shall have Force or Effect before they shall have been examined, sanctioned and approved by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, the Sanction and Approbation of either of which Chief Justices shall be verified under his Hand and Seal; and all and every such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances, when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be observed and kept and put in Execution, and have the same Force and Effect and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were respectively enacted by this Act.

XII. And in order that all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances may be previously examined by the Parties interested therein; Be it further enacted, That Copies of all such proposed Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances shall be transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council, and to the Commissioners of Customs in London, Three Calendar Months before the same shall be submitted to such Chief Justice as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of the Customs are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Copy, to cause the same to be printed and hung up, as soon as the same can be done, in the several Custom Houses of the principal Ports in Great Britain, there to be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein at all seasonable Times; and Notice shall be given in the Gazette of such proposed Bye Laws being so hung up for Inspection as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances as shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be printed, and shall be hung up in some public or conspicuous Place in the several Custom Flouses of the Ports of England, within the Limits for which the Pilots respectively shall be licensed, and also at the Trinity House in London.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the Time being, and they are hereby required to appoint and license fit and competent Persons duly skilled as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducting all Ships and Vessels sailing, navigating and passing from or by Diingeness, up the Rivers Thames and Medway to London Bridge and Rochester Bridge, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks and Docks of the same, and from the South Buoy of the Brake to the Westward, as far as the West End of the Owers; and all Ships and Vessels sailing, navigating and passing as aforesaid (save and except as hereinafter provided), shall be conducted and piloted within the Limits aforesaid by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Persons whomsoever: Provided always, that it shall be lawful, after the passing this Act, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore licensed by the said Lord Warden and Constable for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being, to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel within such Limits as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conducted and piloted the

3 U 2 same

Bye Laws to be sanctioned by Chief Justice of K.B. or C.P.

Proposed Bye Laws to be previously ttans-mitted to Privy Council and to Commissioners of Customs. Printed Copies to be hung up in Custom Houses and Trinity House.

Lord Warden of Cinque Ports to license Pilots to act within certain Limits.

Existing Licences to continue in force.

102S

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Taking charge of Ship as a Cinque Port Pilot, before examined and admitted.

Penalty.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Or of Ships drawing more than herein mentioned, until he shall have been licensed and have acted Three Years, as herein mentioned.

Master and Wardens of Fellowship ap* pointed to examine Pilots to take Oath in Schedule marked (B.)

A Number of Cinque Port Pilots constantly to ply at Sea for Ships coming from West-

sarae immediately before the passing of this Act; and the Licences so heretofore granted to such Pilots as aforesaid shall continue in force notwithstanding this Act, so that such Pilots do in all things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules and Regulations hereinafter directed to remain in force or be established under the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, take charge of any Ship or Vessel, as a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, before he shall be examined by the Master and Two Wardens, or by Four Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the Time being touching his Abilities, and shall be approved and admitted into the Society or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Pilot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship, without having been so examined, approved and admitted as aforesaid, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit Ten Pounds, for the Second Twenty Pounds, and for every other Offence Forty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person belonging to the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be allowed to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Eleven Feet Six Inches Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot for Three Years; or of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot for Two Years more, making Five Years; or of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Seventeen Feet Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot Two Years more, making Seven Years in the whole; and at the Expiration of such Period of Seven Years, such Pilot shall be again examined as to his Fitness and Competency, and if he shall be approved of, and licensed on such Examination, shall be authorized and allowed and entitled to take charge of any Ships or Vessels of any Draught of Water.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master, and such Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, as shall be appointed from time to time to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Person on his being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellowship, or after he shall have been licensed and served for Seven Yrears, shall take the Oath marked (B.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be administered unto him or them respectively by the Registrar of the Court of Loadmanage, who is hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports, not less than Eighteen at any One Time, and in succession from time to time, without Intermission or any unnecessary Delay, shall at all seasonable Times, by Day and Night, constantly ply at Sea, or be afloat between the

South

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

South Foreland and Dungeness, to take charge of Ships and Vessels coming from the Westward; and such Pilots shall not allow any Ship or Vessel, having a Signal for a Pilot flying, to pass without attempting to board her; and that upon proper Signals being made at and from Signal Houses now erected, or which may be erected on commanding Situations near to Dover for that Purpose, giving Notice of the Approach of any Fleet of Ships or Vessels coming from the Westward, all Cinque Port Pilots not on Duty at the Time shall, according to such Rules and Regulations as to Number, Rotation, or otherwise, as have been or shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and shall go off in sufficient Time to fall in with such Ships and Vessels, on pain of forfeiting, in case of Neglect herein, for the First Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Second the Offender shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot for Twelve Months, and for the Third Offence shall forfeit his Licence to act as such Pilot, and shall be rendered thereby incapable of acting thereafter as a Pilot.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel, coming from the Westward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel off Dungeness, and until she shall have passed the South Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from Sandown Castle to the said Buoy, or have been at Anchor for one Hour, as hereinafter mentioned, display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board; and if any duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot shall be within hail or approaching and within Half a Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag flying in his Vessel or Boat, the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, by heaving to in proper Time or shortening Sail, or by all practicable Means consistently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel, facilitate such Pilot getting on board, and shall give the Charge of piloting his Ship or Vessel to such Cinque Port Pilot; and every Person commanding any such Ship or Vessel, who shall not displa}^ and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board, from the Time such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived off Dungeness, and until she shall have passed the South Buoy of the Brake, in a Line to be drawn from Sandown Castle to the said Buoy, (unless in the meantime a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot shall have come on board,) or who shall within the Limits aforesaid decline to take on board the first duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot who shall offer, or to give charge of his Ship or Vessel to such duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot, or who shall not heave to, shorten* Sail, or otherwise consistently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel facilitate such Pilot's coming on board as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay Double the Amount of the Sum which would have been demanded for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel coming from the Westward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall anchor any where in the Downs between the South Foreland, and a Line drawn from Sandown Castle to the South Buoy of the Brake, having any Licensed Pilot other than a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, it shall not be necessary for the Master of such Ship or Vessel to

3 U 3 display

10 c29

ward. Upon Signals Pilots to prepare. Penalty.

First Offence. Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Masters of Ships from the Westward not having a Pilot to display a Signal for One, and facilitate his getting on board.

Omitting so to do.

Penalty.

Ships anchoring within certain Limits, not having a Cinque Port Pilot, shall display a Signal, and Cinque Port

1030

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Pilots may repair on board.

Court of Load-manage to settle Compensation to Upper Book Pilots by Lower Book Pilots for being allowed to take charge of Ships of greater Draught.

Exceptions.

Cinque Port Pilots subject to Rules and Regulations of Lord Warden, Sec.

display or keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board thereof, any longer than for and during One Hour next after such Ship or Vessel shall so have anchored as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot at any Time before such Ship or Vessel shall have been at Anchor One H our with such Signal flying as aforesaid, to repair on board the same, and to take charge of her up the said Rivers, but not otherwise.

XX. And Whereas the Pilots of the Cinque Ports are divided into Two Parts or Classes, called The Upper and Lower Booh Pilots: And Whereas permitting the Cinque Port Pilots of the Lower Book to take charge of Ships which before the passing of the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said ' late Majesty King George the Third could only be taken by Pilots of the Upper Book has diminished and will diminish the Profits of the Upper Book Pilots, and has increased and will increase the Profits of the Lower Book Pilots, and it is therefore reasonable that Compensation should be made by the Lower Book Pilots, to the Persons who were at the Time of the passing of the said last mentioned Act Upper Book Pilots Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Loadmanage from time to time to settle the Amount of the Deductions to be made from the Rates received by Lower Book Pilots, for taking charge of Vessels of greater Draught of Water than they could before the passing of the said Act by Law take, and in what Proportions, and how and in what Manner and to whom the same are to be paid, and how the same shall be applied in making Compensation to the Persons who were Upper Book Pilots at the Time of the passing of the said Act, for the Losses they may sustain by such Lower Book Pilots taking charge of such Vessels as afor' said, provided that such Deductions so to be fixed as aforesaid shall from time to time be diminished and decreased as such Persons who were so Upper Book Pilots at the Time of the passing of the said Act shall die, be superannuated, or discontinue to act as Pilots, and that such Deductions shall be taken and accepted in lieu of all other Allowances or Contributions whatsoever from the said Lower Book Pilots, except Trinity Money, Clerk's Fees, and for Widows.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed or to be licensed to act as Cinque Port Pilots shall from time to time and at all Times hereafter be subject to the Regulations and Government of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, and it shall be lawful for the Master and Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, his Lieutenant for the Time being, and the Deputy Lieutenant for the Time being, or either of them, with the Assent of the Commissioners of Loadmanage, or the major Part of them, present at an Assembly commonly called A Court of Loadmanage to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, as and when they shall see fit, or Occasion shall require, to annul, alter or amend the Rules and Regulations of the said Lord Warden or Court of Loadmanage, which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125. 1031

Act, and which are hereby directed to remain in force notwithstanding the same, and to make from time to time such other sufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Observance of the Provisions of this Act by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for providing for the Good Government, constant Attendance, and Regulation of all such Pilots in going off to and taking charge of, and conducting and navigating His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and the Ships and Vessels in His Majesty's Employ, and also all Ships and Vessels whatever and wheresoever, within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein they shall for the Time being act or be; and for effectually securing the Performance of all the Du- Sllch RuieSj ties and Services of such Pilots at all Times, and all Alterations &c. to be print-and Amendments in such Rules and Regulations so in force as ed and trans-aforesaid, and all other Rules and Regulations, or Alterations mitted to Cos-or Amendments thereof, hereafter to be made, shall, before the London^nd same are allowed to take effect, or become binding on any other pj'ceg> Person or Persons whatever, be printed and transmitted to the and hung up, ' Custom House in London, and there hung up in some conspicuous and Notices in Place in the Long Room of the said Custom House; and Notices the Gazette, shall be published in the Gazette, and put up at the Custom Houses within the Cinque Ports, of such Rules and Regulations, or any Alterations thereof, for Inspection, for One Calendar Month, in order that any Persons interested therein, whether as Owners or Masters of Ships, or Pilots, or otherwise, may transmit to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or his Lieutenant, any Objections which they may have thereto, for the Purpose of the same being altered or confirmed; and if no Objection to the Rules and Regulations so made or altered shall be proposed, by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons, within the Space of Thirty Days after the Notices shall have been given and made public, in the Manner hereinbefore provided, they shall have the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as all other Rules and Regulations for the Government of Pilots within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports have; but if an Objection shall be made to the la case of Ob-Lord Warden, or his Lieutenant, by or on behalf of any Person or jection to Persons, to any Rule or Regulation, or to any Alteration in any Rules> &c *

Rule or Regulation, of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid, Procodings, within Thirty Days after the Publication thereof, then and in such Case the Operation thereof shall be suspended until Reference shall be had to His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear as well any Person who shall be deputed by the Court of Loadmanage, as by the Person or Persons objecting, and finally to decide as to the confirming, altering or rejecting such Rules or Regulations, which Decision of the Privy Council shall be final and binding on all Parties; and Copies of such Rules or Regulations shall be deli- Decision final, vered to every Member of the said Society or Fellowship, and also to every new Member of the said Society and on his Election; and a Copy or Extract thereof shall be at all Times in the Possession of every Pilot belonging to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and licensed as all others hereafter to be licensed as such Pilots; and it shall be lawful in such Rules and Regulations to What such establish Rates of Payments out of such surplus Earnings of the Rules, &c. may Lower Book Pilots, as may arise from their being allowed to take contamm re '

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

spect of Rates to Pilots, &c.

If Rules defective, Privy Council shall amend, correct or enlarge the same.

48 G.3. c. 104. § 15.

As to the Number of Cinque Port Pilots, and how and when to be increased.

Increased Number of

the higher Classes of Ships, in the Absence of Pilots of the Upper Book, under the Provisions of this Act, for the better Support and Maintenance of the Upper Book Pilots, and also Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Regulations, and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for suspending or depriving any of the said Pilots of their Licences for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any Thing required by the same to be done, or for acting in anywise contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Rules and Regulations so hereaftr to be made in relation to Cinque Port Pilots as aforesaid shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, insufficient or defective, it shall be lawful for the Owner of any Ship, or other Person interested in the Matter of such Rules or Regulations, to apply to His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who shall thereupon amend, correct or enlarge the same, or cause such other proper and sufficient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purposes aforesaid; which Rules and Regulations so made, or so amended, corrected and enlarged, shall be distributed, published and made use of in such Manner as His Majesty's said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and direct; and the same shall take Effect from such Time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be expressed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XXIII. And Whereas under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation ' of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the ' British Seas, the Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was increased to One hundred and forty, and it hath been found that the ' said last mentioned Number is at present, in the Time of Peace,

more than sufficient for the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; Be it thereof enacted, That until the Number of such Pilots shall by Death or otherwise be reduced below One hundred and twenty, or shall be added to, as hereinafter mentioned, it shall not be lawful for the said Lord Warden and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the Time being, without special Permission in that Behalf given by His Majesty's most Flonour-able Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to nil up any more than each alternate Vacancy which shall arise in the Number of such Pilots: Provided always, that Twenty Cinque Port Pilots more, or any less Number of such Pilots, shall and may be added to the then existing Number whenever such Addition shall be directed to be made by an Order of such Privy Council, upon Application thereto for that Purpose by the said Corporation of Trinity House, and in like Manner from time to time, so as the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall not at any One Time exceed One hundred and eighty, of which said Reduction or Additions respectively, Notice shall be given by or under the Authority of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, in the 'London Gazette, and in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Kent.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Additions to the Number of the said Pilots shall respectively take place,

as

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1033

as hereinbefore provided, the Numbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from time to time by the Appointment of Pilots in succession, as often as any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity or Dismission: Provided always, that in Time of Peace no more than each alternate Vacancy in the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be filled up without a special Permission in that Behalf given by His Majesty's Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity House, unless the Number of such Pilots shall, at the Time of such filling up, be reduced below One hundred and twenty, in which Case such Vacancy shall and may be filled up from time to time without such Permission as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the respective Rates or Prices hereinafter enumerated in the Tables marked (A. and B.) respectively in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, shall and may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed or to be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover

Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being respectively, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the said Tables respectively; that is to say, the respective Rates or Prices enumerated in the said Table marked (A.) shall and may be demanded and received by any Pilot licensed or to be licensed by the said Corporation; and the respective Rates or Prices enumerated in the said Table marked (B.) shall and may be demanded and received by any Pilot licensed or to be licensed by the said Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being; and no greater or less Rates or Prices or other Reward or Emolument shall under any Pretence whatever be demanded, solicited, received, paid or offered than such Rates or Prices, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Person demanding, soliciting or receiving, as also by the Person pa}dng or offering such greater or less Rate or Price, Reward or Emolument.

XXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond (as to the said Rates or Prices to be demanded and received by Pilots licensed, or to be licensed, by the said Corporation), and for the said Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being (as to the said Rates or Prices to be demanded and received by Pilots licensed or to be licensed by the said Lord Warden and Constable, or his Lieutenant), and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, with the Consent of His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, in His or their most Honourable Privy Council, to increase, reduce, alter or modify all or any or either of the said respective Rates or Prices so enumerated in the said Tables respectively, or to substitute other Rates or Prices in lieu thereof, and the same Rates or Prices so increased, reduced, altered, modified or substituted as aforesaid, again in like Manner and with the like Consent from time to time to increase, reduce, alter or

modify,

Pilots to be kept up. Proviso for Peace Establishment.

Rates ill Tables (A.)and(B.) of Schedule (A.) may be demanded by Pilots, and no greater or less.

Penalty.

Rates, Sec. may be varied by Trinity House of Deptford Strond and Lord Warden of Cinque Ports respectively, with Consent of Privy Council.

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Notice thereof.

Taking greater or less Rates, &c.

Penalty.

Persons applying for Licences shall execute a Bond for securing Obedience to Bye Laws.

Free from Stamp Duty.

Bonds already given to remain in force.

New Bonds.

Bye Laws,

&c. under 48 G.3. c. 104. or 52 G.3c. 39. to remain valid unless altered by this Act.

modify, or others to substitute in lieu thereof, and to fix and determine the Period (so that the same be not less than Three Calendar Months from the giving of the Notice hereinafter mentioned) from and after which such altered or substituted Rates and Prices are to be demanded, of which Rates and Prices, and of the Period from and after which the same are to be demanded, Notice shall from time to time be given, by hanging up printed Tables thereof in some public or conspicuous Place in the Custom House of London, and also at the Trinity House in London; and from and after the Period specified in such last mentioned Tables, the respective Rates or Prices therein enumerated may and shall be demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House, or by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being respectively, instead of the said several Rates and Prices mentioned in the said Tables marked (A. and B.) respectively; and from and after such Period, no greater or less Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument, shall, under any Pretence whatever, be demanded, solicited, received, paid or offered, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Person demanding, soliciting or receiving, as also by the Person paying or offering such greater or less Rate or Price.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall apply for a Licence to act as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, shall, before any Licence shall be granted to him, execute a Bonding a penal Sum, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being (as the Case may be), to an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid to the said Corporation, or to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet (as the Case may be), their Successors or Assigns, with a Condition subjoined thereto for better securing the due Obedience of such Pilot to the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances made in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, or which shall be made and framed pursuant to this Act, which Bond shall be capable of being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, without being stamped according to the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties: Provided always, that all bonds before given by Pilots under any former Act or Acts of Parliament shall continue in force, and be deemed to be given under this Act, unless new Bonds shall in any Case be required by the said Corporation, or by the said Lord Warden and Constable, or his Lieutenant respectively, in which Case new Bonds shall be given accordingly.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances made under the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or under the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or either of them, and which shall be in force under the same respectively at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall remain, continue and be in full force and virtue, until the same respectively shall have been annulled or

altered,

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1036

altered, or other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or Ordinances made in lieu thereof under this Act, and shall be and are hereby declared to be good and valid Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances under this Act, as fully as if they had been made under the Authority of the same; any Thing hereinbefore, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as well every such Licence so granted or to be granted, renewed or confirmed, by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud as aforesaid, as also every such Licence so granted or to be granted by the said Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the Time being, as aforesaid, shall and may be by the said Corporation, or by the said Lord Warden and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the Time being respectively, annulled, suspended or adjudged to be forfeited, in such Manner and at any such Time or Times as to them the said Corporation and Lord Warden, or his Lieutenant for the Time being respectively, shall seem meet, as well during as at the End of the Period for which such Licences respectively shall have been so granted, renewed or confirmed as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot whose Licence shall be revoked, annulled, suspended or adjudged to be forfeited, or who shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot, as hereinbefore or hereinafter mentioned, shall and may, at any Time within Six Months next after such Revocation, An nulling, Suspension or Adjudication shall have been made, and upon giving Notice to the Corporation or other Authority by which such Licence shall have been so revoked, annulled or suspended, or such Adjudication made as aforesaid, and every Person who, having complained of any such Pilot, shall be dis-satisfied with the Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint by the Corporation or other Authority which shall have Cognizance thereof, shall and may, at any Time within Six Months next after such Adjudication, and upon giving Notice to the Corporation or other Authority by which such Adjudication was made, appeal to His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or at their Discretion make any particular and special Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of such Appeal, and the Costs thereof, as the Case may require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, and for the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, and also for all other Corporate Bodies, or Persons having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to license Vessels, of such Size and Description as shall appear to them to be proper, for the Purpose of having Pilots constantly in attendance in such Vessels at Sea, and to nominate and appoint, and from time to time to remove and again appoint the Masters of such Vessels respectively; and for the better Support of such Pilot Vessels, it shall be lawful for any Number of Pilots, licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully licensed, with the Consent of the said Corporate Bodies,

or

By whom Licences may be revoked, annulled or suspended.

Pilots suspended, &c. and Persons complaining against them, may appeal to Privy Council.

Notice thereof.

By whom Vessels to be licensed for having Pilots in attendance at Sea, &c.

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Such Vessels subject to Rules, &c.

How Pilot Boats are to be distinguished.

Penalty.

Pilot carried off in any other Boat to display a Flag.

Penalty.

Carrying distinguishing Flag without Pilot. Penalty.

Boat running before a Vessel, not having a Pilot, and which cannot be boarded, entitled to Pilotage.

or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots have been or shall be appointed as aforesaid, to constitute a Joint Stock Company or Companies, for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vessels, which Companies and the said Vessels shall at all Times be subject to such Rules and Regulations as shall from time to time be sanctioned and approved in that Behalf by the Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots shall respectively have been licensed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vessel, or other Boat or Vessel, in the Pilot Service of any Corporation or Society established by Law, in relation to Pilotage, or or or belonging to any Person authorized to act as a Pilot by such Corporation or Society, shall at all Times, and on every Station, be fitted with Black Sides, and have the upper Streak next the Gunwale painted White, and shall while afloat carry a Flag at the Mast head, or on a Sprit or Staff, or in some other equally conspicuous Situation, which Flag shall be of large Dimensions, proportioned to the Size of the Boat or Vessel carrying the same, and shall be Half Red and Half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermost shall be White, and the same shall at all Times be kept and preserved in a clean and distinct Condition, so as to be easily discerned at a proper and sufficient Distance; and every such Boat or Vessel shall also have the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the Time being painted in broad White Letters, of Three Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, on her Stern, and on each Bow such Number as shall be expressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot, which Name and Number shall not be hid or concealed by any Person at any Time, on pain of forfeiiting, for the Omission or Evasion of any of the Provisions hereinbefore made in respect of such Pilot Boat or Vessel, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be paid by the senior Pilot on board, who is hereby declared answerable for the due Observance of the Matters aforesaid, by every Person on board such Boat or Vessel; and in case any Pilot shall be carried off in any Boat not in the Service of any such Corporation or Society, such Pilot shall exhibit a similar Flag at the Mast head, or on a Sprit or Staff, to distinguish that such Boat has a Pilot on board, on pain of such Pilot so carried off forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds, unless he shall show reasonable Cause for having omitted to exhibit such Flag.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, shall without lawful Authority carry such distinguishing Flag as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, or the Master or other Person having charge of such Boat or Vessel, displaying or carrying any such Flag, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel shall run before any Ship or Vessel not having a licensed Pilot on board, when such Ship or Vessel cannot, from particular Circumstances, be boarded for the Purpose of directing her Course, until a licensed Pilot can be put on board, the Pilot on board such Boat or Vessel, or if no Pilot shall be on board and the Person having charge of her shall run her before such Ship or Vessel, at the Request or by the Direction of the Master, or other Person

having

C. 125.

1037

having the Command thereof, then such Person having charge of such Boat or Vessel shall be entitled to the full Pilotage for the Distance run, until a duly licensed Pilot shall be put on board, as if such Pilot, or Person respectively, had been actually on board such Ship or Vessel, and had the Charge of her as a Pilot.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons, authorized to appoint or license Pilots in or for any Port of England, or any of the Seas, Coasts, Harbours or Rivers thereof, or Places therein, shall from time to time, as and when each Appointment of a Pilot shall be by them respectively made, forthwith transmit to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, at the Trinity House in London, and to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, at the Custom House in London, the Christian and Surname, Age and Place of Residence of every such Pilot so appointed, distinguishing the Limits within which such Pilot is appointed to act, and by whom such Appointment is made; and the said Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons, authorized to appoint or license Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the said Corporation of Trinity House, at the Trinity House aforesaid, and to the said Commissioners of Customs, at the Custom House aforesaid, annually, on the Thirty first Day of December, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a List, corrected up to the said Thirty first Day of December in each Year, of the Names and Residences of all the Pilots within their several Jurisdictions, in which List so to be transmitted to the Trinity House as aforesaid shall be stated all such Alterations (if any) as may have been made in the Rates of Pilotage charged, or in the Rules and Regulations for governing Pilots within their respective Districts.

XXXVI. And Whereas by certain Acts of Parliament for the more effectual Performance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board Ships arriving from Foreign Parts, in cer-c tain Cases, to give Information to the Commanders thereof respecting Proclamations and Orders in Council relative to the ' Performance of Quarantine, which renders it necessary that 6 Notice of such Proclamations and Orders should have been ' previously communiced to all Pilots throughout England; Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall from time to time with all convenient Speed transmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue under their Management, at the several Ports in England, the Names and Places of, Residence of all such Pilots of whose Nomination they shall receive Notice from the proper Authority, or who shall be in the List so annually to be transmitted to such Commissioners as aforesaid, as shall reside within the Limits of each Port respectively, in order that the said principal Officers at the several Ports may be enabled to communicate and deliver to every Pilot within the Limits of such Ports respectively Copies of all Proclamations or Orders in Council respecting the Performance of Quarantine by Ships arriving from infected Places, which the said Officers are hereby required to communicate accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the Court of Loadman-

age

Name, &c. of Pilots appointed transmitted to Trinity House at Deptford Strond, and Custom House, and a List of Pilots annually to Trinity House and Custom House.

Commissioners of Customs to transmit to principal Officers at Ports the Names, &c, of Pilots re siding within) Limits.

List of Vessel* for Pilotage,

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

with Number of Hands annually transmitted to Receiver of Sixpenny Duty London.

No Pilot taken to Sea beyond his Limits, without his Consent, (Exception,) additional allowance.

Pilots to qualify themselves, and conduct Ships into and out of Ramsgate and other Harbours.

Penalty.

Rates for such Pilotage.

Rates for Ships bound to

age of the Cinque Ports, and all other Corporations and Persons authorized to manage or direct Pilots in any Part of England, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament or Charter whatever, shall annually, on the First Day of January in every Year, or within One Calendar Month then next following, transmit to the Office of the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London a List of all the Vessels of every Description employed by them respectively, or by Persons under their Authority, for the Purposes of Pilotage, with the Number of Men and Boys belonging to or serving in any such Vessels.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot shall be taken to Sea beyond the Limits of his District by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Ships, or by the Master or other Person having the Command of any other Ship or Vessel whatever, without such Pilot's free Consent, except under Circumstances of absolute and unavoidable Necessity; and then and in such Case every Pilot so taken to Sea shall over and above his Pilotage have and receive Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Diem, to be computed from and inclusive of the Day next after the Day on which the Ship or Vessel shall pass the Limit to which such Pilot was engaged to pilot her up to, and until he shall be returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, or until he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a sufficient Time to have enabled him to return there.

XXXIX. And Whereas certain Harbours near the Doimis have ' become much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and c Vessels lying in or sailing through the Downs are oftentimes compelled to run for those Harbours, and it is therefore necessary to make Provision for the Pilotage into and out of such ' Harbours Be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots whose Licences shall authorize them to pilot Ships or Vessels from any Place to the Westward up to London Bridge, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into and out of Ramsgate Harbour, and the Harbours of Dover, Sandwich and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels into and out of the said Harbours; and if any such Pilot shall refuse to take charge of or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of any of the said Harbours, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might otherwise have been entitled for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Punishment as shall be established in that Behalf by the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or Ordinances of the Corporation, or other Authority, from which the Licence of such Pilot shall have been derived.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every licensed Pilot who shall take charge of and conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of Ramsgate Harbour, or into or out of the Harbours of Dover, Sandwich or Margate, shall be entitled to and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Vessel so piloted and conducted by him into or out of any such Harbours.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person commanding any Ship or Vessel bound to the River Thames,

and

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1039

and which shall repair to Standgate Creek, or any other Place appointed for the Performance of Quarantine, shall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Standgate Creek, or other the Place so appointed, and the Pilot conducting such Ship or Vessel to Stand-gate Creek, or other the Place so appointed as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the further Sum of Eight Shillings per Diem for the Days he shall be obliged to remain on Quarantine.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking charge of any Ship or Vessel into the River Thames or Medway shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend or Standgate Creek, or in any other Part of the Thames or Medway respectively, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which she is bound in the said Rivers respectively, without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall with such Consent come on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot so quitting such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel to Gravesend, Standgate Creek, or such Part of the Thames or Medway respectively as aforesaid, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances hereby directed to remain in force, or which may be made or established in pursuance thereof, any Pilots shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before she shall arrive at her Place of Destination.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot shall write his Christian and Surname in the Log Book of every Master or other Person having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel entering the Port of London, and required to be piloted according to the Directions of this Act; and every Pilot or other Person inserting a false Name shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, in making the Entry or Report of such Ship or Vessel inwards, insert or cause to be inserted in such Entry or Report, the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots employed or engaged to pilot such Vessel into the said Port, which Insertion shall be made in the said Entry or Report (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Customs, who shall report the same to the Corporation of the Trinity House daily, and to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports monthly; and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to reject such Entry or Report, unless and until the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots so employed or engaged as aforesaid shall be inserted or notified to such Officer for Insertion in such Entry or Report as aforesaid; and also that the principal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Customs at Gravesend shall demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots of all Ships or Vessels clearing outwards from the Port of London, and shall transmit monthly Lists of such Names to the said Corporation of Trinity House, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, to be paid by each and every of the Persons afore-

the Thames repairing to Places for Performance of Quarantine.

Pilots unduly quitting Ships in Thames or Medway.

Penalty.

Pilot to write Ills Name in Log Book, to be inserted in Report of Ships entering Port of London, and reported to Trinity House, and to Lord Warden of Cinque Ports. Penalty.

No Fee.

Reports to be made of Vessels clearing outwards. Penalty.

How Pilotage of Ships (Exception) trading to and from Port of London, may be recovered.

Consignees or Agents may retain Pilotage which they have paid or are liable to.

In what Manner Pilotage of Ships not having British Registers trading to and from the Port of London shall be paid.

c. 125. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

said, who shall neglect to comply with any of the foregoing Regulations.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall become due to any licensed Pilot, for the Pilotage of any Ship or Vessel, except Ships and Vessels not having British Registers, trading to and from the Port of London, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, or from the Consignees or Agents thereof, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other Charge for the said Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Arrival or Delivery, as to Pilotage inwards, and in the Port from whence she shall clear out or sail as to Pilotage outwards; which Sums of Money shall and may be levied in such and in the like Manner, according to the Amount of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties of the like Amount may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act, Demand thereof being made in Writing at least Fourteen Days before such Levy.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Consignees or Agents of any Ship or Vessel, from whom any Sum of Money due to any licensed Pilot for Pilotage shall have been recovered, or shall be recoverable, or by whom any such Sum of Money shall have been paid, are hereby authorized and empowered to retain in their Hands respectively, out of any Monies which they may have received, or shall thereafter receive, for or on account of such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, so much as shall be sufficient to pay and discharge such Pilotage, and any Expences attending the same.

XLVI. And in order to prevent as well Impositions and Dis-c putes respecting the Charges for, as Evasions in the Payment ' of the Pilotage of such Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Port of London, and not having British Registers, as are by ' Law required to be piloted by Pilots licensed by the said Cor-< poration of Trinity House; Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Master or other Person having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel which shall enter into or sail from the said Port of London, or the Consignees of or Agents for such Ship or Vessel, shall pay or cause to be paid at the Trinity Plouse in London, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be in that Behalf appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House, the full Pilotage inwards and outwards respectively of every such Ship or Vessel; that is to say, in all Cases as to Pilotage outwards the full Amount of Pilotage for the Distance which such Ship or Vessel shall by Law be required to be piloted by such licensed Pilot as aforesaid; and so far as concerns the Pilotage inwards, where a duly licensed Pilot shall have been on board such Ship or Vessel, the full Amount of Pilotage for the Distance piloted by him, if greater than that which such Ship or Vessel shall be so required to be piloted; and if less, or if no such Pilot shall have been on board, then the full Amount of the Pilotage for the Distance which such Ship or Vessel shall be by Law required to be piloted as aforesaid; and if such Pilotage inwards be not paid within Fourteen Days from the Day of such Ship or Vessel's reporting inwards, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Corporation from the Master or other

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

Gl 25.

1041

Person having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, or from the Consignees or Agents thereof, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other Charge for such Ship or Vessel in the said Port of London, and shall and may be levied in such and the like Manner, according to the Amount of any such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act.

XLVIE. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons Certificate of so to be appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity PJouse of Payment of Deptford Strond as last aforesaid shall, upon his or their receiving to be

such Pilotage, give to the Person paying the same a Certificate gIveu* thereof in Writing, and that no Ship or Vessel not having a British Register, and being required by Law to be piloted as aforesaid, shall be cleared at the Office of His Majesty's Customs in the said Port of London, on her outward bound Voyage, without the Production of such Certificate as aforesaid; and the said Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation that such Pilotage Service hath been duly performed, pay over to the Pilot duly licensed* Receivers to who shall have had .charge of every such Ship or Vessel, all such pay over to^ Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been received by such is

Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, and as shall be due and ue to lim 5 payable to such Pilot for or in respect of such Pilotage Service so by him performed, after deducting and retaining thereout; the Poundage hereinbefore made payable to the said Corporation; and Residue with the Residue of such Pilotage received by such Person or Persons Poundage car-so appointed as aforesaid shall, together with the Poundage afore- Hed to Pilot's said, be carried to and applied to the Purposes of the Pilots Fund Flind* of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Str.ond hereinafter mentioned.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Trinity House Case where such Pilotage shall have been received as aforesaid, for may> out of or in respect of any Ship or Vessel not having a British llegis- ^.lotaSe re-

i O' o C61VGC1 reward

ter, if it shall appear to the said Corporation that no licensed Pilot uniicensed Per-

was in fact employed on board thereof, it shall and may be law- sons who have ful to and for the said Corporation, and they are hereby author- piloted in Ab-ized, if they shall so think fit, out of such Pilotage to make or give sence of I1' to any unlicensed Person or Persons who shall have piloted or as- cense<* Pilots, sisted in piloting such Ship or Vessel during so long Time as no licensed Pilot shall, to the Knowledge of such unlicensed Person or Persons, have offered to take charge thereof, such Compensation or Reward as in the Discretion of the said Corporation, they shall deem proper in that Behalf, not exceeding the Sum which would have been payable to a duly licensed Pilot.

XLIX. And in order the better to facilitate the ascertaining and settling the Amount of the Pilotage outward of Ships and 6 Vessels not having British Registers, in the Port of London, under the Authority of this Act Be it further enacted, That the How Amount Rates or Amount of Pilotage outward, to be payable and paid in of Pilotage respect of all such Ships and Vessels, shall from time to time T*Ve°seT°- be calculated and made out according to the Scale or Amount ascertained* of the Tonnage of evei\y such Ship or Vessel, upon or according to which such Ship or Vessel shall be rated in the said Port of London, to the Payment of the Light and other Dues payable

6 Geo. IV.

3 X

to

1042

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182.5.

How Controversies respecting Draught of Water, of Vessels on the Thames, settled.

JFW.

Trinity House <of 'Deptford rStrond to make .Regulations <«with respect 'to Pilotage of small Foreign ''Vessels,

to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or according to the Draught of Water thereof, as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall in their Discretion think most proper; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

L. And in order to prevent or settle Controversies concerning ' the Draught of Water of Ships and Vessels from time to time on the River Thames, (not having British Registers; )' Be it further enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel shall arise between the Master or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and any Person who shall have piloted the same into the said River, or who shall be required to pilot the same therefrom, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or some proper Officer or Person appointed by them, shall admeasure the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, and shall settle and determine the same between the Parties, upon Application made by either of them to the said Corporation within Twelve Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Moorings in the River, on any inward Voyage, or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or before such Ship or Vessel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Voyage, for which Admeasurement the Officer or Person making the same shall be paid One Guinea if the Ship -or Vessel shall be below the Entrance to the London Docks at Wapping, and Half a Guinea if above the said Entrance to the London Docks, by the Person against whom the said Officer or Person so appointed by the Corporation of the Trinity House shall decide.

LI. And Whereas it may be expedient from time to time ' ' to relieve such Ships and Vessels not having British Registers as may come to the Port of London with Fish, Corn or other ' Provisions, in manner hereinafter directed; Be it therefore 'enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, at their Discretion, to make all such Regulations in relation to the piloting of Ships not having British Registers, bringing Fish, Corn or other Provisions into the Port of London, and which are or ought to be piloted by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House, for the Ease and Relief of such Ships and Vessels in respect of the Rates or Amount of Pilotage hereby made payable or demandable for such Ships and Vessels, or for the Exemption of such Ships or Vessels from any such Rates or Amount, or from any Rules or Regulations as to the Pilotage of such Ships or Vessels under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act of Parliament relating to Pilotage, or under any Law or Usage whatsoever, as the said Corporation of Trinity I-Iouse of Deptford Strond shall from time to time deem just, proper and expedient, in relation to such Ships and Vessels respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LII. And Whereas under and by virtue of the said Acts, passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign (of His said late Majesty King George the Third, the surplus

1 Rates

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1043

Funds, arising from surplus Rates of Pilot-

Rates of Pilotage imposed on Ships not having British Registers

have been applied in creating Funds for the Relief of superan-

nuated and infirm Pilots belonging to the said Corporation of Trinity ITouse of Deptford Stroud, and the Fellowship of the ' Cinque Ports respectively, as in the said Acts mentioned; and

it is expedient that the surplus Rates of Pilotage imposed by this Act on such Ships should be carried to such Funds respectively, and that the said Funds should be applied as hereinafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That as well the Fund already created for such superannuated and infirm Pilots belonging to the said Corporation of Trinity Plouse of Deptford Strond as aforesaid, as also all such surplus Rates by this Act British* imposed or to be imposed as aforesaid, on Ships not having Re^ers"ap-British Registers, which shall pertain to the Establishment of the piiJd for Relief said Corporation of Trinity House, shall be carried to a Fund to of indigent

be called "The Pilots Fund," and that such last mentioned Fund Pilots, &c. shall be applied by the said Corporation in the Manner following;

(that is to say,) after defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, so far as concerns the said Corporation of Trinity House, the said Fund shall be applied by the said Corporation for the better Support, Maintenance or Relief of such, indigent Pilots belonging to the said Corporation, as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any Accident or Infirmity, and of the Wives, Widows and Children of such Pilots, to be applied and distributed i$i such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall order and provide; and that as well the Fund already created for such superannuated and infirm Pilots belonging to the Society or Fellowship of the Cinque Ports as aforesaid, as also, all such surplus Rates of Pilotage by this Act imposed or to be imposed as aforesaid, on Ships not having British Registers, which shall pertain to the Establishment of the Cinqpie Ports, shall be applied by the said Court of.Loadmanage for the better Support, Maintenance or Relief of such indigent Pilots belonging to the said Society or Fellowship as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any Accident or Infirmity, to be applied and distributed in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Court of Loadmanage shall order and provide; and as well all and every the Pilots who shall receive any such surplus Rates, as also the Person 01; Persons to whom the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels not having British Registers, and entering into of sailing from the said Port of London, is by this Act directed to be paid, shall and they are hereby required to pay over all such surplus Rates to such Receivers, and at such convenient Places as shall be in that Behalf respectively appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House, and by the said Lord Warden and Court of Loadmanage respectively; of all which Receipts, and of the Accounts of Appropriations aforesaid, the said Corporation and the said Lord Receipts of Ap-Warden and Court of Loadmanage respectively, shall annually pvopriation laid lay an Account before Parliament, within Twenty Days after the before Parha-Commencement of each Session. ment *

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of In what Cases any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage only Owners or

3X2 which Masters of Ship *

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

answerable for Loss from Want of Pilot, &c.

Owners not liable for more than the Value of the Ship and Freight.

Owners or Masters not liable for Loss arising from Incompetency of Pilots.

Proviso for Remedies previously existing.

Licensed Pilots, who have executed Bond, not liable for Neglect or Want of Skill beyond its Penalty and the Pilotage.

which shall happen to any Person or Persons whatsoever, from or by reason or means of no licensed Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, or of no'duly qualified Pilot being on board thereof, unless it shall be proved that the want of such licensed or of such duly qualified Pilot respectively shall have arisen from any Refusal to take such licensed or qualified Pilot on board, or from the wilful Neglect of the Master of such Ship or Vessel in not heaving to, or using all practicable Means, consistently with her Safety, for the Purpose of taking on board thereof any Pilot who shall be ready and offer to take charge of the same.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make the Owner of any Ship or Vessel liable in any such Case for any Loss or Damage beyond the Value of such Ship or Vessel, and her Appurtenances, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during the Voyage wherein such Loss or Damage may happen or arise.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage which shall happen to any Person or Persons whomsoever from or by reason or means of any Neglect, Default, Incompetency or Incapacity of any licensed Pilot acting in the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, where and so long as such Pilot shall be duly qualified to have the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or where and so long as no duly qualified Pilot shall have offered to take charge thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Person or Persons of any Remedy or Remedies upon any Contract of Insurance, or of any other Remedy whatsoever, which he or they might have had if this Act had not been passed, by reason or on Account of the Neglect, Default, Incompetency or Incapacity of any Pilot duty acting in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, or by reason or on account of no Pilot, or of no duty qualified Pilot, being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, unless it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot, or of a duty qualified Pilot, shall have arisen from any Refusal to take a Pilot or a duly qualified Pilot on board, or from the wilful Neglect of the Master of such Ship or Vessel, in not heaving to or using all practicable Means consistently with the Safety of such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of taking onboard any Pilot who shall be ready and offer to take charge of such Ship or Vessel.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Pilot licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall have executed the Bond hereinbefore directed to be executed by him, and shall be piloting or conducting, within the Limits specified in his Licence, any Ship or Vessel which he shall be duty qualified to pilot, or be piloting in the Absence of a duty qualified Pilot, shall be liable to any Action for Damages at the Suit of the Party grieved in any greater Sum than the Amount which shall have been specified by way of Penalty in such Bond, and the Pilotage payable to him in respect of the Voyage on which such

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1045

Ship or Vessel shall then be, for any Loss or Damage which shall happen from or by reason or means of his Neglect or Want of Skill whilst acting in his Capacity of a Pilot on board such Ship, or Vessel.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master of any Masters of Ves-

sels piloted by any other than a licensed Pilot.

J

Ship or Vessel who shall act himself as a Pilot, or who shall employ or continue employed as a Pilot any unlicensed Person, or any licensed Person acting out of the Limits for which he is qualified, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification, after any Pilot licensed and qualified to act as such, within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall then actually be, shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel, or have made a Signal for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence Double the Amount of the Sum which would have been legally demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall likewise forfeit for every such Offence an additional Penalty of Five Pounds for every Penalty.

Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, if the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford, Strond, as to Cases in which Pilots licensed by or under the said Corporation shall be concerned, or the said Lord Warden for the Time being, or his Lieutenant for the Time being, as to Cases in which the Cinque Port Pilots shall be concerned, shall think it proper that the Person prosecuting should be at liberty to proceed for the Recovery of such additional Penalty, and certify the same in Writing.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and Masters of cer-notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained, the Master of tain Ships may any Collier, or of any Ship or Vessel trading to Norway, or to the

Cattegat or Baltic, or round the North Cape, or into the White Sea, on their inward or outward Voyages, or of any Constant.

Trader inwards, from the Ports between Boulogne inclusive and the Baltic (all such Ships and Vessels having British Registers, and coming up either f by the North Channel, but not otherwise), or of any Irish Trader using the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Mecluray, or of any Ship or Vessel employed in the regular coasting Trade of the Kingdom, or of any Ship or Vessel wholly laden with Stone from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and being the Production thereof, or of any Ship or Vessel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, and having a British Register, except as hereinafter provided; or of any other Ship or Vessel whatever, whilst the same is within the Limits of the Port or Place to which she belongs, the same not being a Port or Place in relation to which particular Provision hath heretofore been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots, shall and may lawfully, and without being subject to any of the Penalties by this Act imposed, conduct or pilot his own Ship or Vessel when and so long as he shall conduct or pilot the same without the Aid or Assistance of any unlicensed Pilot or other Person or Person than the ordinary Crew of the said Ship or Vessel.

LX. Provided also, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by any Order or Orders in Council, to permit and authorize Ships and Vessels not exceeding the ^uctedwith8 Burthen of Sixty Tons, and not having a British Register, to be out j>ilots

3 X 3 piloted

pilot same so long as not assisted by unlicensed Per-

f Sic,

His Majesty in Council may authorize cer-

1046

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Masters not liable to Penalties for employing unlicensed Persons whilst Ship in Distress.

In what Case Master or Mate may pilot his own Ship.

Ships brought into any Port by Pilots may be removed by Master, &c. for certain Purposes.

Reporting to Pilots a false Account of Vesr-sel's Draught of Water, or altering Marks denoting such Draught.

Penalty.

Description of Pilot to be indorsed ou his Licence, &c.

piloted and conducted without having a duly licensed Pilot on board, upon the same Terms and Conditions as are by this Act imposed on British Ships and Vessels, not exceeding the like Burthen.

LXI. Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject the Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, to any of the Penalties of this Act for employing an}" Person or Persons whomsoever as a Pilot or Pilots in and for the Assistance of such Ship or Vessel whilst the same shall be in Distress or in consequence thereof, or under any Cir* cumstances which shall have rendered it necessary for such Owner or Master to avail himself of the best Assistance which at the Time could be procured; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject to any Penalty the Master or Mate of any Ship or Vessel being the Owner or a Part Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and residing at Dover, Deal or the Isle of Thanet, for conducting or piloting such his own Ship or Vessel from any of the Places aforesaid, up or down the Rivers Thames or Mechvay, or into or out of:any Port or Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall have been brought into any Port or Ports in England by any Pilot duly licensed, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject to any Penalty the Master or Mate, or other Person belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and having the Command thereof, or if in Ballast, any Person or Persons appointed by any Owner, or Master or Agent of the Owner thereof, for afterwards removing such Ship or Vessel in such Port or Ports for the Purpose of entering into or going out of any Dock, or for changing the Moorings of such Ship or Vessel.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Master or other Person having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, who shall report, or be privy or consenting to any other Person's reporting to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, a false Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, in addition to the Payment of the full Rate of Pilotage to the Pilot entitled thereto, Double the Amount of such Pilotage; and any Master or other Person having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Vessel, or having any Interest, Share or Property therein, who shall fraudulently alter any Marks on the Stem or Stern Post thereof, denoting the Draught of Water, or shall be privy and consenting thereto, shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That a particular Description of the Person of every Pilot shall be written in or upon or endorsed on the Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Master or other Person having the Command of a Ship or Vessel shall, on receiving a Pilot on board, inspect his Licence; and if he shall have reason to think that such Pilot is not the Person to whom the Licence was granted, such Captain or Master or other Person

is

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

104?

No Pilot to act until Licence registered, nop

Licences to be delivered up when required.

is hereby required forthwith to transmit a Copy of such Licence to the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Licence shall have been granted, stating the Date thereof, together with such Account and Description of the Person producing such Licence as may lead to the Discovery of the Offender.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take charge of any Ship or Vessel, or in any Manner act as a Pilot, or receive any Compensation for acting as a Pilot, until his wi^hout ' Licence shall have been registered by the principal Officers of the ducincr ifr°- Custom House of the Place at or nearest to which such Pilot & shall reside, (which Officers are hereby required to register the same without Fee or Reward,) nor without having his Licence at Registry with the Time of his so acting in his personal Custody, and producing out Fee. the same to the Master of an}^ Ship or Vessel, or other Person who shall be desirous of employing him as a Pilot, or to whom he shall offer his Services, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Penalty. Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, for the First Offence; and for the Second or any subsequent Offence, a Sum not e^:- Second or ceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds; and upon subsequent further Pain, as to any Person licensed as aforesaid, of forfeiting Offence, his Licence or being suspended from acting as a Pilot, by and at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority from which such Pilot's Licence was derived, either for the First, Second, or any subsequent Offence.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot, licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, shall, at all Times when thereunto required, produce or deliver and yield up his Licence to the Corporation or other Authority by which the same was granted; and that on the Death of any such Pilot, his Executors or Administrators, or One of them, or the Person or Persons to whose I-Lands the Licence of such deceased Pilot shall come, shall without wilful Delay transmit such Licence to the Corporation or other Authority by which the same was granted, on pain of such Pilot, Executor, Administrator or other Person, forfeiting for any Neglect therein a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less Penalty, than Forty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Pilpts keeping passing of this Act, if any Pilot, licensed by virtue of this Act, or Public Houses, otherwise duly licensed, shall keep, or be concerned in keeping, &c* (unless au-either by himself or any Agent or Servant, or other Person, or - °*1?e ' or.° - shall in any Way be interested in the keeping of any Public House or Tavern or Place of public Entertainment, or in the selling of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors, or Tobacco or Tea (unless such Pilot shall have kept or been concerned or interested in the same before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be duly authorized by the Corporation, or other Authority under which such Pilot shall act, to continue in such Business or Employment; or if any Pilot, Punishment* licensed as aforesaid, shall be convicted of any Offence against any Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or shall be concerned in or shall wilfully connive at any indirect Practices or Frauds against the Revenues of Customs or Excise* or shall procure, abet, connive at or participate in any Destruction, Spoil or Concealment, Fraud, Exaction or corrupt Practice,

3 X 4 relating

Proceedings on Death of Rijot,

fending against Revenue Laws,

1048

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

Forfeiture of Licence, &c.

Pilots suspended having forfeited Licences acting.

Penalty.

Licensed Pilots may supersede unlicensed ones.

Unlicensed X'ersons unduly acting as Pilots.

Penalty.

In what Cases unlicensed Persons, &.C. may act as Pilots.

Pilots declining to go off to or take charge of Vessels, or quitting the same.

relating to Ships or Vessels, or Persons in Distress at Sea, or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, or relating to the Crew or Passengers belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them, then and in every such Case every Pilot shall (over and above all other Punishments, Mulcts and Penalties for such Offences), be adjudged to forfeit his Licence, or shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot, by and at the Discretion of the Corporation, or other Authority, from which such Pilot's Licence was derived.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, suspended or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Suspension, or after such Adjudication, take upon himself to conduct any Ship or Vessel as a Pilot, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Act, against any Person who shall pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel without ever having been licensed as a Pilot.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot within the Limits of his Licence, and the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed, to supersede in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel any Person not licensed to act as a Pilot, or not licensed so to act within such Limits, or acting beyond the Extent of his Qualification; and every Person assuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel, without being a duly licensed Pilot, or without being duly licensed to act as a Pilot within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall actually be, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification, as expressed in his Licence, after any Pilot, duly licensed and qualified to act in the Premises, shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained, any Person whatsoever shall and may lawfully, and without being subject to any Penalty by this Act imposed, assume or continue in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel as a Pilot, where and so long as a Pilot duly licensed and qualified shall not have offered to take the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or made a Signal for that Purpose, or where and so long as such Ship or Vessel shall be in Distress, or under Circumstances which shall have rendered it necessary for the Master of such Ship or Vessel to avail himself of the best Assistance which at the Time could be procured.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall, when not actually engaged in his Capacity of Pilot, refuse or decline or wilfully delay to go oft' to or on board of or to take charge of any Ship or Vessel wanting a Pilot, and within the Limits specified in his Licence, and of which he shall be qualified to take charge, upon the usual Signal for a Pilot being displayed from such Ship or Vessel, or upon being required so to do by the Captain, or by any Commissioned or Warrant Officer of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel (if the same shall be in Elis Majesty's Service), or by the Master, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or

Vessel,

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1049

Vessel, or by any Person or Persons interested therein as Principal or Agent (if the same shall not be in His Majesty's Service), or upon being required so to do in either of the Cases aforesaid, by any Officer of the Corporation or Society to which such Pilot shall belong, or by any principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs (unless in any of the Cases aforesaid), it shall be unsafe for such Pilot to obey such Signal, or comply with such Requisition, or he shall be prevented from so doing by Illness or other sufficient Cause to be shown by him in that Behalf; and every Pilot licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, who shall on any frivolous Pretext quit any Ship or Vessel, or decline the piloting thereof, after he has been engaged to pilot the same, or after going alongside thereof, before the Service shall have been performed for which he was hired, and without Leave of the Captain of such Ship or Vessel (if in His Majesty's Service) or of the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel (if not in His Majesty's Service), shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case an}' Pilot, licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, shall employ or make use of, or shall compel or require any Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to employ or make use of any Boat, Anchor, Cable, Hawser or any other Matter or Thing in or for the Service or pretended Service of such Ship or Vessel beyond what shall actually and bona fide be necessary and proper for the Use thereof, with Intent thereby to enhance or increase the Charge or Expence of Pilotage or Pilot Assistance of such Ship or Vessel, whether for the Gain and Emolument of such Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to be deprived of his Licence, or suspended from acting as a Pilot, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom he was licensed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot, licensed or to be licensed as aforesaid, shall lend his Licence to any unlicensed Person to assist him in acting or claiming to act as a licensed Pilot, or in case any such licensed Pilot, or any Person not being a Pilot, but acting under pretext or colour of being a Pilot, shall b}^ Drunkenness render himself incapable of conducting any Ship or Vessel, or shall wilfully or negligently run any Ship or Vessel on Shore, or lose or injure the same, or the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully and knowingly conduct, lead, decoy or betray an)r Ship or Vessel, into Danger in any Manner not already provided against by any Statute or Statutes, or shall unnecessarily or improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or cause or procure the same to be cut unnecessarily and improperly; or if any such Person shall by wilful Misrepresentation of any Circumstances upon which the Safety of any Ship or Vessel shall appear materially to depend, for the Time being, obtain or endeavour to obtain the Charge and Conduct

Penalty.

Punishment.

Pilots employing or requiring the Employment of any. Boat, &c. beyond what is necessary, thereby to increase Expence.

Penalty.

Lending Licence, Drunkenness, conducting Vessels into Danger, injuring the same, obtaining Charge thereof by Misrepresentation.

1050

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Penalty.

Pilots not obeying Orders of Dock Masters.

Penalty.

Plow Penalties above 20/. may be recovered

duct of any such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such Case the Person so offending, or who shall aid in, procure, abet or connive at the committing of any such Offence or Offences, shall, besides being liable to Damages at the Suit of the Party grieved, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds; and if the Person so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall also be liable to be deprived of his Licence, or suspended from acting as a Pilot at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom his Licence was granted.

LXXV. And Whereas the Dock Master or Dock Masters ap-(pointed by divers Dock Companies in the Port of London, under ' and by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament, have Power and £ Authority to direct the mooring and unmooring, moving or £ removing of Ships and other Vessels, within certain Distances ' from the Entrances out of the River Thames into the Docks of such Companies respectively Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot having the Charge or Direction of any Ship or Vessel within such Distances from the respective Entrances into the said Docks respectively from the River Thames, and either intended to go into or having recently come out of the Docks of the said Companies respectively, shall neglect or refuse to obej' such Orders or Directions as shall or may from time to time be given to such Pilot by the said Dock Master or Dock Masters respectively, under and by virtue of and agreeably to the Powers vested in him and them by any Act or Acts of Parliament, touching or relating to the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of such Ships or Vessels so being under the Charge or Direction of such Pilot as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every Pilot so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds; and every such Pilot shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation, or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures hereinbefore or hereinafter imposed by this Act, or b}' any of the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or Ordinances hereby directed to remain in force, or hereafter to be made under the Authority of this Act, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds (the Manner of levying whereof shall not by this Act be otherwise expressly provided for), and likewise all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures imposed as aforesaid (the Manner of levying which shall not by this Act be otherwise expressly provided for), in Cases where the lowest Penalty recoverable not being greater than Twenty Pounds, and the largest Penalty recoverable being greater than Twenty Pounds, the Party prosecuting shall proceed in respect thereof for a Sum greater than Twenty Pounds, with the written Consent of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the said Lord Warden or his Lieutenant for the Time being respectively (as the Case may be), shall and may be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or within

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1051

such other Time as is hereinafter in that Behalf directed; the Venue in which said Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall and may, at the Option of the Plaintiff or Informant, be laid, and the said Action, Bill, Plaint or Information tried either in the County of Middlesex or the City of London, or else in such County or Place wherein the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, and no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in any such Case or Cases it shall be lawful to sue for the largest Penalty or Penalties recoverable in that Behalf, and the Jury giving the Verdict shall and may award either such largest Penalty or Penalties, or anjr other smaller Sum or Sums of Money, not less than the Sum specified as the lowest Penalty recoverable in that Behalf.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties How Penalties or Forfeitures hereinbefore or hereinafter imposed by this Act, or not exceeding by any of the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or Ordinances 201, m*y be re' hereby directed to remain in force, or hereafter to be made covere under the Authority of this Act, and which shall not exceed Twenty Pounds (the Manner of levying whereof shall not by this Act be otherwise expressly provided for); and likewise all Fines,

Penalties or Forfeitures imposed as aforesaid (the Manner oflevy-ing which shall not by this Act be otherwise expressly provided for), in Cases where the lowest Penalty recoverable, not being greater than Twenty Pounds, and the largest Penalty recoverable being greater than Twenty Pounds, the Party prosecuting shall proceed in respect thereof for any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, with such written Consent as aforesaid, shall and may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, or within such other Times as is hereinafter in that Behalf directed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; or if committed by any Pilot, then before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division or Place aforesaid, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Magistrate or Magistrates of the City, Town or Port to which such Pilot shall belong; or if committed by any Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City ^, Division or Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Magistrate or Magistrates of the County, City, Town or Port at which such Owner or Master shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Master shall belong; or if committed on any Part of the Sea from Orfordness to the Mouth of the River Thames, or from Dungeness to the Mouth of the River Thames, or upon the Rivers Thames or Medway, then only before some Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Kent, Surrey,

Essex or Middlesex, or before some Magistrate or Magistrates of the City of London; and all and every the Justice and Justices,

Magistrate and Magistrates aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time or Place in such Warrant specified; and if on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively on his,

her

1052

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Distress-

Imprisonment-

Proviso-

Justice of any County into vrhichan Offender may escape, may endorse the original Warrant, which shall authorize Peace Officers to execute it.

her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, is and are hereby empowered to administer,) such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, to levy the Penalty by Distress, and for want of Distress to commit every such Of-ender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Count}*-, City or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty one Days, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that in case the said respective Periods of Twelve Calendar Months and Six Calendar Months, or either of them, within which Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures are to be sued for as aforesaid, shall in any Case or Cases elapse-and run out before any Action or Prosecution hereby authorized and directed shall have been commenced for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures; and if it shall in manner hereinafter .mentioned be made to appear, as soon after as the-Circumstances of the Case shall reasonably admit, that the Commencement of the Action or Prosecution has been delayed by reason of the Absence of any Party or Parties whether offending or complaining, or by the Absence of any necessary Witness or Witnesses, then upon such Circumstances being stated by Affidavit in Writing, made before any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or authorize the Commencement of such Action or Prosecution within such further Time as such Judge shall think fit to limit in that Behalf; and in such Case the Action or Actions, Prosecution or Prosecutions so ordered or authorized shall and maybe commenced and prosecuted within the Time or respective Times so limited, in like Manner and with the like Effect in all Respects as if such Prosecutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the said respective Periods of Twelve Months and Six Months hereby limited.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into or reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place not within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices,. Magistrate or Magistrates, granting such Warrant, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required upon Pr oof made upon Oath of the Handwriting of any Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, granting such Warrant, to endorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same when so endorsed shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, out

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1053

of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting the said Warrant; and any Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender being apprehended and brought before him or them, within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in the same Manner as if it had originally arisen within his or their respective Jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender to be carried, and such Offender shall accordingly, in that Case, be carried to or before the Justice or Justices who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness upon any Complaint or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, having no just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice-or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, on Proof of such Summons having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences having been made to such Person on his being served with such Summons, to issue a Warrant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, such Person shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the House of Correction of the County, City, Division or Place where any such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks, nor less than Ten Days, as any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, shall direct.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who in any Examination upon Oath, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully give false Testimony, or a false Account of the Matter sworn to by such Person, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same by Indictment, and if duly convicted of false swearing in the Premises, shall be subject and liable to such Punishments, Disqualifications and Disabilities, as any Person would be subject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, in any other Case b}r the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

LXXXI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of ' Offenders against this Act Be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom any Person shall be convicted of an}^ Offence against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Regulation or Order hereby directed to remain in force, or hereafter to be made under the Authority hereof, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in Words to the like Effect; videlicet,

Jj-^E it remembered, That on the Day of

£ in the Year of our Lord A.B.

is convicted before me [or us], One [or Two, as the Case may he-\ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the ' [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place tohen and xyhere committed ', as the Case may be[\ contrary to an Act passed

in

Witnesses not appearing on Summons and Tender of Expenses, &c.

Punishment.

Giving false Testimony, &c#

Perjury.

Convictions to be drawn up in the following Form,

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, who may finally determine and award Costs.

Notice.

Decision final.

Proceedings not quashed for want of Form.

No Certiorari.

Application of Penalties,

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth,

intituled \Jiere insert the Title of this Act], and I [or we] do adjudge that the said [insert the Offenders

Name] hath therefore forfeited the Sum of [Itere insert the ' Penalty). Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written/

And no Certiorari, or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates before mentioned, of any Olfence or Offences against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, Regulation or Ordinance hereby directed to remain in force, or hereafter to be made under the Authority hereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days' Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices so assembled shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable (and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive); and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That One third of all fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, or under any Bye Law, Rule, Order, Regulation or Ordinance hereby directed to remain in force, or hereafter to be made under the Authority of this Act, by whomsoever incurred, (save and except such Fines or Penalties, the Application whereof shall by this Act be otherwise expressly provided for,) shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of all such Fines or Penalties shall be carried to and applied to the Purposes of the said Fund belonging to the said Corporation of Trinity House, called The Pilots Fund, in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation, or by any Person or Persons in relation to any Matters wherein such last mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned; and in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots belonging to the Fellowship of the Cinque Ports, or by Pilots

under

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1055

under any other Jurisdictions or Authorities, or by any other Person or Persons in relation to any Matters wherein such Pilots respectively shall be in any wise concerned, then the remaining Two thirds of such last mentioned Fines or Penalties shall be carried to and applied to the Purposes of such Fund as hath been or shall be created for the Relief of such indigent Pilots belonging to the said Fellowship, or such other Jurisdictions or Authorities respectively, as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any Accident or In* firmity.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not otherwise, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at an}' Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act, which in any Manner relate to the Regulation of Pilots or Pilotage within any River, Port or Harbour, or within any local Limits specified in any such Act, Clause or Provision, and in which any Reference is made to the said Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third as aforesaid, or either of them, or in any Manner apply thereto, or vary or alter any of the Provisions thereof as to Pilots or Pilotage within any such Limits, shall continue in full Force notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years aforesaid, and shall be deemed to refer and apply to this Act, and shall be so construed as if the same were particularly referred to in this Act: any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding-

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as to their being compelled to take Pilots on board.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to affect or impede the

Jurisdiction

Limitation of Actions for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Regulations in any Act relating to Pilotage in any River, &c. and which refer to the repealed Statutes, to continue in force notwithstanding such Repeals,

Proviso for Ships belonging to His Majesty.

And for Jurisdiction of Court of Load-

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

manage, and High Court of Admiralty.

And for City of London.

And for Districts having separate Jurisdictions.

Acts for Sea Marks and Beacons extended to all Vessels appointed to ex-hibi t Lights, &c.

Riding by, &c. such Vessels, or any Buoy or Beacon.

Penalty.

How applied.

Jurisdiction of the v Court of Loadmanage, as far as respects the Pilots appointed under the Authority of the said Court; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or impair the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or take away any Right, Property Authority or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in and upon the River Thames aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises or Privileges heretofore granted by any Charters or Acts of Parliament to the Pilots of the Trinity House of the Town of Kingston - up on- Hull, or the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, or to give any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, within any Ports or Districts having separate Jurisdictions in Matters of Pilotage, under any Act of Parliament or Charter, or to alter or repeal any Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Districts in relation to which particular Provision shall have been made in any Act or Acts of Parliament as to the Pilots or Pilotage, or to the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Pilotage for such Ports, or to the Burthen of Vessels navigating to or from such Ports.

XC. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any other Act or Acts made and in force for the Preservation of Sea Marks and Beacons, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vessels duly appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels at Sea, and to all Persons removing, injuring or destroying such Vessels or Lights, which Offences may be laid and tried in any County in England.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ride by, make fast to, or remove or wilfully run down, or run foul of any Vessel, appointed or placed to exhibit Lights, or any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or belonging to or placed by any other Corporation having lawful Authority to place the same, shall, besides being liable to the Expence of replacing or making good any Damage occasioned thereby, forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; One third of which said Penalty shall go to the Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of which said Penalty shall go to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or other the Corporation to which such Vessel, Buoy or Beacon shall belong, or by which the same shall have been placed

as

as aforesaid, as the Case may be, to be applied to the charitable Purposes of the said Corporations respectively.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

6 Geo. IV. 3 y SCHE-

Public Act *

Act may be altered, &c, this Session

1058

C. 125.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

SCHEDULES referred

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE (A.) — Table of the Rates of Pilotage to be demanded and Strond, for piloting Ships and Vessels within

FROM. 7 Feet,

TO and 8 Feet. 9 Feet. 10 Feet 11 Feet. 12 Feet

under.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ $. d. £ s. d.; £ S. d. £ s. d.

/ Nore or Warps Gravesend, Chat-") 3 13 6 4 2 9 4 12 0 5 1 3 5 5 9 6 5 0

The Sea, Orfordness, ham, Standgatef Creek, or Black- f 4 12 0 5 7 9 6 3 3 6 18 0 7 11 9 8 5 6

the Downs, PIoseleyBay, / stakes - -J

Long Reach 4 16 6 5 12 3 6 8 0 7 2 6 7 18 3 8 14 9

and vice

versa Woolwich or 1 Blackwall -j 5 5 9 6 1 6 6 17 0 7 11 9 8 10 3 9 4 0

\ Moorings or London Docks -3 5 16 0 6 9 9 7 3 6 7 17 3 8 19 6 9 13 3

/ Gravesend, Stand--)

gate Creek, or >- 1 18 9 2 3 3 2 7 0 2 10 6 2 19 9 3 6 3

Blackstakes -

The Nore or Warps, and C vice vers& - Long Reach orl Chatham -j 2 6 0 2 10 6 2 15 3 2 19 9 3 9 0 3 18 3

Woolwich or 1 Blackwall -3 2 15 3 3 1 9 3 8 0 3 13 6 4 2 9 4 10 3

\ Moorings or London Docks -3 3 4 6 3 10 9 3 17 3 4 2 9 4 16 6 5 5 9

Long Reach 0 9 3 0 14 9 1 0 3 1 5 3 1 10 0 1 14 6

Woolwich or 7. Blackwall -3 1 3 0 1 7 6 1 12 3 1 16 9 2 4 3 2 13 6

Gravesend, J Reach, and \ Moorings or London Docks -5 1 7 6 1 14 0 2 0 6 2 6 0 0 15 3 3 4 6

vice versa -j Sheerness, Stand--)

gate Creek, or> 2 15 3 2 19 0 3 1 9 3 4 6 3 13 6 4 2 9

Blackstakes - 3

\ Chatham 3 4 6 3 8 0 310 9 3 13 6 4 2 9 4 12 0

/ Woolwich or \ Blackwall - j 0 18 6 1 2 0 1 4 9 1 7 6 1 16 9 0 6 0

Long Reach, and vice > Moorings or London Docks -3 1 7 6 1 11 3 1 14 0 1 16 9 2 6 0 2 15 3

versa J Sheerness, Stand--)

gate Creek, or > 3 4 6 3 8 0 3 10 9 3 13 6 4 2 9 4 12 0

Blackstakes - 3

Chatham 3 13 6 3 17 3 4 0 0 4 2 9 4 12 0 5 1 3

(Moorings or Lon-) 18 6 1 1 4 9

Woolwich or\ don Docks - J 0 2 0 1 7 6 1 10 0 1 12 3

Blackwall, and vice / vers& -\ Sheerness, Stand--) gate Creek, or > Blackstakes - 3 3 13 6 3 17 3 4 0 0 4 2 9 4 12 0 5 1 3

(Chatham 4 2 9 4 6 6 4 9 3 4 12 0 5 13 5 10 6

Ships not having British Registers are to pay One Fourth more than Ships having British Provisions, or shall, by any Order of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, be by British Ships, in which Case such Ships and Vessels, not having British Registers, shall

For Half a Foot, exceeding the above Draughts of Water, the medium Price

For removing a Ship or Vessel from For a Ship under 300 Tons 300 to 600 600 to 1000 above 1000

In the River Thame..Ag°0r a Eoat of a Class c%ying an Anchor of above £ above Gravesend. 1Do' ' Do*. under 2

And for each Man's Service

to in this Act *

SCHEDULE (A.)

received by Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford the Limits in the said Table mentioned.

13 Feet. 14 Feet. 15 Feet 16 Feet 17 Feet. 18 Feet, 19 Feet. 20 Feet. 21 Feet. 22 Feet 23 Feet and upwards.

£ s. d. 6 13 6 £ s. d, 113 £ s. d. 1 16.6 £ s. d. 8 14 9 £ s. d. 9 8 6 £ s. d. 10 17 0 £ s. d. 11 10 0 £ 5. d. 12 17 6 £ s. d. 14 5 3 £ s. d. 16 11 3 £ s. d. I 1 8 0 '

8 19 6 9 13 3 10 7 0 11 0 9 11 14 6 14 1 6 16 13 0 19 6 6 21 5 0 23 3 9 25 2 3

9 8 6 10 0 0 10 16 3 11 10 0 13 3 6 15 9 0 18 11 9 21 5 0 23 0 0 24 16 9 26 13 6

10 2 6 11 0 9 11 14 6 12 8 6 14 3 6 16 5 9 19 11 0 £2 1 6 24 16 9 27 12 0 -

10 11 6 11 10 0 12 8 6 13 2 3 14 14 6 17 0 6 20 10 3 23 6 -

3 11 9 3 15 6 4 29 4 10 3 5 13^ 5 16 0 6 8 9 7 14 6 8- 14 0 9 13 3 10 12 6

4 2 9 4 7 0 4 13 9 5. 5 0 5 16 0 6 15 3 8 5 6 9 13 3 10 12 6 11 11 9 12 15 3

4 19 0 5 8 6 5 16 0 6 3 1- 2 6 8 3 9 9 0 11 11 9 12 11 3 13 16 0 -

5 15 0 6 3 6 13 6 7 2 6 8 10 9 0 11 0 9 12 17 6 13 16 0 -

1 19 0 2 3 9 2 8 3 2 13 0 2 17 6 3 2 0 3 6 9 3 11 3 4 12 0 5 10 6 —

3 2 6 3 11 9 3 18 3 4 5 6 4 13 9 5 1 3 6 3 7 11 9 8 19 6 9 13 3 -

3 13 6 4 2 9 4 12 0 5 1 3 5 10 6 5 19 6 7 7 3 8 14 9 -

4 12 0 5 1 3 5 10 6 5 1.9 6 6 8 9 6 IS 0 7 7 3 7 16 5 — - — -

5 1 3 5 10 6 5 19 6 6 8 9 6 IS 0 7 7 3 7 16 5 8 5 6 -

2 15 3 3 6 3 13 6 4 2 9 4 12 0 5 3 6 5 16 0 6 8 9 8 5 6 9 0 -

3 6 3 13 6 4 29 4 12 0 5 3 6 5 16 0 6 8 9 7 7 3 9 0 -

5 1 3 5 10 6 5 19 6 6 S9 6. IS 0 7 7 3 7 17 6 8 5 6 8 14 9 - -

5 10 6 5 19 6 6 8 9 6 18 0 7 7 3 7 16 6 8 5 6 8 14 9 9 0 - -

1 16 9 2 1 6 2 6 0 2 10 6 2 15 3 2 19 9 3 6 3 9 0 - -

5 10 6 5 19 6 6 8. 9 6 18 0 7 73 7 16 6 8 5 6 8 14 9 - - ,

5 19 6 6 8 9 6 18 0 7 7 3 7 16 6 8 5 6 8 14 9 9 0 -

Registers, except when such first mentioned Ships shall be chiefly laden with Corn or other privileged to enter the Ports of this Kingdom, upon paying the same Duties of Tonnage as are paid pay the like Rates of Pilotage only as are payable by Ships having British Registers, between the Two Limits. — For intermediate Distances, a proportionate Rate.

Mooring into a Dry or Wet Dock:

£0 15 0 110 1 11 6,

2 2 0

Cwt, with a corresponding Tow Line £2 2 Cwt. - -11

Cwt. - 0 15

in those Boats, 8s.per Tide.

Per Trip for the whole Distance from Gravesend to London; and in proportion for any Part [of that Distance,

3 Y 2

SCHEDULE (AO-

Table (BA — A TABLE of the Rates of Pilotage to be demanded and received Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the time being, for piloting

FROM TO

/ The Downs, Nore, Sheerness, ! Standgate- (Creek, t Gravesend -j iLongreach

I Blackwall or 7 London -

Standgate-1 Creek - j Gravesend

Under 7 Feet. From 7 Feet to 10 Feet. 11 Feet, 12 Feet. 13 Feet. 14 Feet.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. s. d.

5 5 0 7 17 6 8 13 3 9 9 0 10 9 11 0 6

5 16 0 8 8 6 9 9 0 10 9 11 3 0 11 18 10

6 12 3 8 19 6 10 9 11 0 6 12 1 6 12 17 3

3 6 2 3 17 0 4 8 2 4 19 .0 5 10 3 6 1 3

", From the several Rates mentioned in this Table B, there shall be deducted 5 p?r Cent.

Ships, not having British Registers are to pay One fourth more than Ships having British visions, or shall, by any Order of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, be privileged British Ships, in which Case such Ships and Vessels, not having British Registers, shall pay the

For Half a Foot exceeding the above Draughts of Water, the medium Price between, the Two '

Jaunts.

For intermediate Distances a proportionate Rate.

\ r, Hting a Pilot hn \ a for P^otage. \ J'esse.sto \ the Anchor^6 in the I Downs. -60 Tons, and ^pnder 150. 150 Tons, and under 250. 1 250 Tons, and under 400. 400 Tons, and under 600. 60 Tons, and \ upwards.

— i £ dy £ s. d* £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. (L

I From of F Dungeness, \ to off Folkestone j tM »i \ Church bearing f 1 N.N.W. by Compass J 1 2 0 0 | 1 0 0 3 10 0 4 0 0 5 5 0

From off Folkestone to 7 ' the South Foreland, r f the Lights in one - J 1 1 10 0 2 0 .0 2 10 0 3 0 0 4 0

From off the South 1 \ Foreland to the J 1 Downs - - J ' 15 0 '1 5 0 1 10 0 2 1 0 0 3 3 0

When the Pilot is put on board by a Boat from the Shore, One Seventh to the Pilot, and the remaining Six Sevenths to the Boat and Crew.

6° GEO. IV. C. 125.

1061

continued.

by pilots licensed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable- of Ships and Vessels within the limits in the said Table mentioned.

Registers, except when such first mentioned Ships shall be chiefly laden with Com or other Pro-to enter the Ports of this Kingdom, upon paying the same Duties of Tonnage as are paid by like Rates of Pilotage only as are payable by Ships having British Registers.

In the River Thames above Gravesend.

For a Boat'of a Class carrying") an Anchor of above cwt. (with a corresponding Towf Line - -J

Do. - do. - 2 cwt.

l£ s. d.\

2 2 0 1 1 0

Per Trip for the whole Distance from Graves-. .end to London; and in _ proportion for any Part Z of that, Distance.

\ Do. - do. - under 2 cwt.

0 15 0/

Ar»4 for each Man's Service_in those^Boats, Ss. per Tide.

1062

C. 125, 126.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

SCHEDULE (B.)

O ATH to be taken by the Master and Wardens of the Society of Cinque Port Pilots.

J A.B. do swear, That I will diligently and impartially examine and inquire into the Capacity and Skill of

in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels over the Flats, and round the Long Sand Head, and up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and into Ramsgate, Dover, Sandwich and Margate Harbours, and also upon the Coasts of Flanders and Holland; and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, without Favour, Affection, Fee or Reward. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH to be taken by Sub Commissioners for Pilotage.

J A.B. do swear, That will diligently and impartially examine into the Capacity and Skill of in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels into the Roadstead, Port or Harbour, and upon the Coasts following; videlicet, \Jiere describe the Limits 'within which the Person examined is intended to act as Pilot,] and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, without Favour, Affection, Fee or Reward, other than such Fee or Reward as is allowed by the Bye Laws or Regulations duly established in that Behalf. So help me GOD.

CAP. CXXVI. An Act to make Provision in Scotland for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, maiming, disfiguring and disabling His Majesty's Subjects.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an was passed in the Forty third Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded. Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding or poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women, and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England in the Twenty first Year of the late King James the First, intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intitided An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof:

And Whereas it is expedient that similar Provisions should be made in Scotland, for the further Prevention of some of the said Crimes; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

from

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 126, 127.

1063

from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, if any Person shall, within Scotland, wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully shoot at any of His Majesty's Subjects, or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully present, point or level any Kind of loaded Fire Arms at any of His Majesty's Subjects, and attempt by drawing a Trigger or in any other Manner to discharge the same at or against his or their Person or Persons, or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully stab or cut any of His Majesty's Subjects, with Intent in so doing or by Means thereof to murder or to maim, disfigure or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects; or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully administer to or cause to be administered to or taken, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, any deadly Poison, or other noxious and destructive Substance or Thing, with Intent thereby to murder or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, such Person, being lawfully convicted of any the foresaid Acts, shall be held guilty of a Capital Crime, and receive Sentence of Death accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person in Scotland shall, from and after the said First Day of July wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully throw at or otherwise apply to any of His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, any Sulphuric Acid or other corrosive Substance, calculated by external Application to burn or injure the Human Frame, with Intent in so doing, or by Means thereof, to murder or maim, or disfigure or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such of His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, and where, in consequence of such Acid or other Substance being so wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully thrown or applied, with Intent as aforesaid, any of His Majesty's Subjects shall be maimed, disfigured or disabled, or receive other grievous bodily Harm, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be held to be guilty of a Capital Crime, and shall receive Sentence of Death accordingly: Provided always, that if it shall appear upon the Trial of any Person accused of any of the aforesaid Offences, that under the Circumstances of the Case, if Death had ensued, the Acts done would not have amounted to the Crime of Murder, such Person shall not be held guilty of a Capital Crime, or be subject to the Punishment aforesaid; and provided further, that nothing contained in this or any other Statute enacting a Capital Punishment, shall be held to affect the Power of the Prosecutor to restrict the Pains of Law.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for making further Provision by Law for the Protection of Property in Orchards, Gardens and Nursery Grounds.

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision by Law for the Protection of Property in Orchards, Gardens and Nursery Grounds, and Hothouses, Greenhouses or Conservatories

Shooting, cutting or stabbing, with Intent to do any grievous bodily Harm, or administering Poison in Scotland.

Death.

Throwing Sulphuric Acid, &c. with Intent to do any grievous bodily Harm in Scotland.

Death.

Proviso if Death had ensued, an d the Acts done would not have amounted to Murder,

C. 127, 128.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825

Entering Gardens, &c. and taking Trees, Plants, &c.

Felony.

servatories f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall, after the First Day of August next, enter into any Orchard, Garden or Nursery Ground, or into any Hothouse, Greenhouse or Conservatory, and shall take, remove or carry away any Trees, Plants, Shrubs or Hoots, or any Fruit or Vegetable Productions, although such Trees, Plants, Shrubs, Roots or Vegetable Productions respectively had not, by having been severed from the Ground or Soil in which the same were growing, or such Fruit had not, by having been severed from the Tree or Trees, or Plants .on which the same was growing, become Personal Property before such Person so entered as aforesaid, but were respectively so severed by.such Person at the Time of his or her so taking, removing or carrying away the same, the Person so taking and .carrying away the said Articles, or any of them respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and shall be punished as guilty of feloniously stealing the same, in case they shall be taken and carried away with such Intent, and in other respects under such Circumstances as that such taking and carrying away would amount to a Felony in case the said Articles respectively had been previously severed, and had become Personal Property j>reviously to such entering, taking and carrying away the same .as. aforesaid.

[Act not to extend to Scotland.]

II. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland.

gl &22 G.3.

GO

54 G.3. c. 81.

§2.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance out of the Consolidated Fund certain Sums for the Payment of Debts due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and for the erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and to repeal certain Duties on Licences relating to Cards and Clubs in the City of Dublin *

[5th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners for the Execution of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty 6 first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of the City of ' Dublin, b}^ making wide and convenient Passages through the same, and of the several Acts for amending and continuing the ' said recited Act, have, in pursuance of the Powers vested in ' them by several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, borrowed sundry Sums of Money at various Rates of Interest; and the ' Debt due from the said Commissioners now amounts to upwards ' of Two hundred and fifty five thousand Pounds: And Whereas ' under and by virtue of certain Provisions contained in an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 6 King George the Third, to continue and amend several Acts for granting Rates and Duties, and to grant certain other Rates and Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize in Ireland, and

to

6° GEO. IV. C. 128.

1065

6 to make Regulations for securing the Collection of such Duties;

it is among other Things enacted, that the Sum of Two Shillings,

Part of a certain Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, upon ' every Entry Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin,

6 should be applied, in Manner therein mentioned, towards discharging the Interest and Principal of Money borrowed for ' erecting and finishing of a Corn Exchange in the City of Dub-f lin (a): And Whereas the Debt now remaining undischarged in ' respect of the said Corn Exchange amounts to the Sum of Seven thousand eight hundred Pounds: And Whereas the Publie Credit is pledged for the Payment of the several Sums of c Mone}^ so borrowed, and it is expedient that the same should be ' redeemed, paid off and discharged, when and as soon as the same can be legally done, according to the Conditions upon ' which the said several Sums were borrowed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to issue, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge the whole Amount of the said Debt due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and the whole Amount of the said Debt remaining due for the erecting and finishing the Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin, together with any Arrears of Interest which may be due thereon respectively, up to the Day to be fixed for the Repayment of the principal Sums borrowed, (a) [As to the repeal of 54 Gr.3. c. 81. see Cap. 105. ante. $ 425.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money which may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Payment of the said several Debts, together with Interest thereon from the Date of such Issue, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be and become a Charge upon and shall be paid out of the Income or Funds placed at the Disposal of the Commissioners for the Time being for the making wide and convenient Passages in the City of Dublin, and of the Corporation for erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin respectively, under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament or Charter of Incorporation in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties ' therein mentioned to His Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of c making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and Passages in the (City of Dublin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein ' mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them,

certain annual Duties were imposed and made payable on Licences to Owners and Occupiers of Flouses within the City f of Dublin and the Liberties thereunto adjoining, and within the

4 Limits

Treasury may-issue, out of the Consolidated Fund, any Sum sufficient to pay off the Debt due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and for erecting a Corn Exchange.

Money advanced to become a Charge on the Funds of the Commissioners, &c.with Interest at 3 per Cent.

C. 128, 129.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Duties imposed by 39 G.3. (I.) on Licences to Owners of Houses for playing at Cards and Dice, repealed.

5 G.4. c. 95. § 1.

repealed.

Certain Acts shall stand and remain repealed, viz.

33 Edw. 1. stat. 1. in part, so far as relates to Combination of W orkmen.

4 Limits of the Circular Road, for the playing at any lawful Game at Cards within such Houses, and also on Licences to Persons frequenting any House in the City and Suburbs of Dublin, and within the Limits of the said Circular Road, wherein any Club or Clubs is or are kept, wherein any Game at Cards or Dice is played, and being a Member of such Club; and it is expedient that the said Duties should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the said several Duties shall cease and determine, and are hereby repealed; any Thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[6th July 1825.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Lems relative to the Combination of Workmen^ and for other Purposes therein mentioned, by which Act various Statutes and Parts of Statutes relating to Combinations among Workmen for fixing the Wages of Labour, and for regulating and controuling the Mode of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, were repealed,

and other Provisions were made for protecting the free Employment of Capital and Labour, and for punishing Combinations interfering with such Freedom, by means of Violence, Threats or Intimidation: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Act have not been found effectual: And Whereas such Combinations are injurious to Trade and Commerce, dangerous to the Tranquillity of the Country, and especially prejudicial to the Interests of all who are concerned in them: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision, as well for the Security and personal Freedom of individual Workmen in the Disposal of their Skill and Labour, as for the Security of the Property and Persons of Masters and Employers, and for that Purpose to repeal the said Act, and to enact other Provisions and Regulations in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Edvoard the First, concerning Conspirators who do confeder or bind themselves by Oath, Covenant or other Alliance as relates or extends to Combinations or Conspiracies of Workmen or other Persons to obtain an Advance of or to fix the Rate of Wages, or to lessen or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or to regulate or controul the Mode

6° GEO. IV. C. 129.

1067

of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or the Management thereof, or to Combinations or Conspiracies of Masters, Manufacturers or other Persons, to lower or fix the Rate of Wages, or to increase or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of working, or to increase the Quantity of Work, or to regulate or controul the Mode of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or the Management thereof, or to oblige Workmen to enter into Work; and also so much of a Statute made in the Third Year of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the annual Congregations and Confederacies made by Masons in their General Chapters assembled; and also a certain Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty third Year, of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for Servants Wages; also a certain Act passed in the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act touching Victuallers and Handicraftsmen; and also a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fifth Parliament of King James the First of Scotland, intituled Of the Fees of Craftsmen, and the Price of their Worke; also a certain other xlct passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fifth Parliament of King James the First of Scotland, intituled Of the Fees of Workmen; also a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fifth Parliament of King James the First of Scotland, intituled Of Writches and Masones; also a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Seventh Parliament of King Jaynes the First of Scotland, intituled The Price of Silk Worhnanshippe; also a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fifth Parliament of Queen Mary of Scotland, intituled The. Price of Craft esmennds Wark, of Meat e and Drinke in Taver ties; also a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Seventh Parliament of King James the Sixth of Scotland, intituled Ayicnt the setting of Orclour and Price in all Stiiiffe; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade of Silk Throwing, as provides and enacts, that the Corporation of Silk Throwers should not, by virtue of that Act, nor any Thing therein contained, make any Orders, Ordinances or Bye Laws, to set any Rates or Prices whatsoever upon the throwing of Silk, to bind or enforce their Members to work at; also a certain other Act passed in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled An Act for regulating the Journeymen Tailors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, excepting so much thereof as relates to the Recovery of Wages, or to Journeymen Tailors or Servants departing from their Service, or refusing to enter into Work or Employment, as therein mentioned; also so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages, as provides that Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, Bye Laws, Ordinances, Rules and Orders, made or entered into by or between Persons brought up in, or professing, using or exercising the Art and Mystery of a Woolcomber or Weaver, or Journeyman Wool-comber or Journeyman Weaver, as therein mentioned, shall be

illegal,

3 PI, 6. c.I.

33 H. 8. st.l. c. 9. (I.)

2 & 3 Ed. 6. c.I 5.

5 Pari. Jac. 1. (S.)

7 Pari. Jac. 1. (S.)

5 Pari. Mary,

(S.) .

7 Pari. Jac. 6. (S.)

13 & 14 C. 2. c. 15. § 10.

7 G.l. st.l. c. 13. §4.6.

12 G.l. c. 34.

§ 1.8.

1068

C. 129.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

3G.2. c. 14. (I. ) in part.

17 G.2. c. 28. (I.) in part.

22 G.2. c, 27.

§ 12.

29 G.2, c. 33.

§ 1.

illegal, null and void, and as punishes Woolcombers, Weavers, Journeymen Woolcombers and Weavers, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, for keeping up, continuing, acting in, making, entering into, signing, sealing or being knowingly concerned in, presuming or attempting to put in Execution such Agreements, Bye Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders, as therein mentioned, and as provides that the Provisions of the said Act of the Twelfth of George the First, just recited, shall extend to the Persons therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers and Labourers, employed in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the better Payment of their Wages; as also to prevent Abuses in making of Bricks, and to ascertain their Dimensions, as declares illegal, null and void the Contracts, Covenants, Agreements, Bye Laws, Ordinances, Rules and Orders therein mentioned, and makes it an Offence to keep up, continue, act in, make, enter into, sign, seal or be knowingly concerned therein, and to presume or attempt to put the same into execution, as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for continuing several Statutes now near expiring, and for amending other Statutes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as declares the Assemblies therein mentioned to be unlawful Assemblies, the Houses where they meet common Nuisances, and punishes the Master and Mistress thereof, as likewise those who enter into the Contracts, Covenants or Articles therein mentioned, or collect or pay Money for the Support of Persons as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Twenty second Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hals, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fu r, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures) and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Holpressers, and of'all Persons employed in the said severed Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages, as extends those Provisions of the said Act of the Twelfth of George the First herein mentioned to the Persons therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled Axil Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George, to prevent unlaxfful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein, and for limiting a Time for Prosecution for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmen s Wages in any other Manner than in Money, as relates to the making of Rates for the Payment of Wages, continuing and altering and notifying them as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland,

6° GEO. IV. C. 129.

1069

land, in the Third Year of King George the Third, intituled An sG.s. c. 17.

Act for continuing and amending certain temporary Statutes hereto- CL) in Part* fore made, for the better Regulation of the City o/Lork, and for enlarging the Salary of the Treasurer, and for the better regulating the Sale of Coals in the said City, and for erecting and continuing Lamps in the same, and for the better preserving the Streets and Highways therein, and for confirming and establishing a Court of Conscience in the said City, and for regulating the Assize of Bread therein, and for securing the Quays by Parapet Walls, as relates to the Assemblies and Combinations of Artificei's, Journeymen, Apprentices, Labourers and Manufacturers therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for sG. 3. c. 34. the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, as (L) Part* relates to meeting in order to consult upon or enter into Rules,

Agreements or Combinations to ascertain or fix the Price of Labour or Workmanship, and as relates to administering Oaths or Declarations tending to fix the Price of Wages or Workmanship, and as relates to issuing and delivering Tickets, Certificates and Tokens of Parties being licensed to work, and as relates to Rules, Orders and Regulations relating to the Price or Wages of Labour or Workmanship, and as relates to Oaths to enter into Combinations or Agreements to ascertain or fix the Price of Wages or Workmanship, and to Oaths and Combinations not to work for a particular Employer, as therein mentioned; also a certain other Act passed in the Eighth Year of King George the 8 G. 3. c. 17. Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled 6 An Act for regulating the Journeymen Tailors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King George the 11 & 12 G.3. Third, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the City of Cork, c*18, GO and for other Purposes therein mentioned relative to the said. City, as relates to the Meetings and Assemblies therein mentioned, the administering and taking Oaths and Declarations, to the Tickets,

Certificates, Advertisements and Writings, and to the Rules,

Orders, Agreements and Regulations, and to the Combinations and Agreements to ascertain or fix the Price of Wages, Labour or Workmanship, or not to work, and as relates to the Refusal or Neglect, by Persons not in actual Service, to work on Application made, and as relates to the Detection and Discovery of Assemblies and Combinations for any of the above recited Purposes, and as relates to ascertaining Wages as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King George the Third, 11 & 12 G. 3, intituled An Act for regulating the Journeymen Tailors and Jour- c*33, CL)in neymen Shipwrights of the City of Dublin, and the Liberties there- ^art* of and of the County of Dublin, as punishes those who permit the Clubs and Societies therein mentioned to be kept or held in their Houses or Apartments, and as makes the Contracts,

Covenants and Agreements therein mentioned, and Oaths to enforce them, illegal, and as punishes Persons for keeping up, continuing, acting in, making, entering into, signing, sealing or being knowingly interested or concerned in such Contracts, Covenants

or

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

C. 129.

13 G.3. c. 68, § 1. to 3. (a)

17 G.3. c. 55. § 3, 4.

19 & 20 G. 3. c. 19. (I,) in part.

19 & 20 G.3. c. 24. (I.) in part.

19 & 20 G.3. c. 36. (I.) in part.

or Agreements, and as punishes Persons not retained or employed for refusing to enter into Work or Employment on Request made, as therein mentioned, and as regulates the Hours of Work and the Rate of Wages as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, as relates to settling, regulating, ordering and declaring the Wages and Prices of Work, and the Notification thereof, and makes it an Offence to deviate from such Settlement, Regulation, Order and Declaration, or to ask, receive or take more or less Wages or larger or less Prices than shall be so settled, or to enter into Combinations, or for that Purpose to decoy or solicit, or to assemble, as therein mentioned and as relates to the Detection of such Offences, and as makes it an Offence to retain or employ Journeymen Weavers, out of the Limits therein mentioned; or to give, allow or pay, or cause to be given, allowed or paid, more or less Wages than shall be settled, as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory, as relates to the keeping up, acting in, making, entering into, signing, sealing or being knowingly concerned in the Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, Bye Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders of the Clubs, Societies or Combinations therein mentioned, or the presuming or attempting to put the Agreements, Bye Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders in Execution, or to the attending Meetings* Clubs, Societies or Combinations, or to the summoning, giving Notice to or calling upon, collecting, demanding or receiving, persuading, enticing or inveigling, or endeavouring to persuade, entice or inveigle, paying Money, making or entering into Subscriptions or Contributions as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Combinations, and for the further Encouragement of Trade, as declares that Combinations in Trade are public Nuisances, and that the Acts therein enumerated shall be considered as Evidences of unlawful Combinations, and sufficient for the Conviction of any Person who shall be guilty of the same, and as avoids Rules, Bye Laws and Regulations contrary to its Provisions, and Oaths for obeying or executing the same, and as provides for the Case of an Act of Combination for which no specific Punishment is pointed out, as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture, as relates to the Wages and Prices for Work, to Combinations to raise Wages, and the decoying or soliciting Journeymen Weavers, as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third, intituled An Act for

(a) \_This Act appeal's to be wholly repealed by 5 GA. c, 66.]

regulating

6° GEO. IV. C. 129.

1071

regulating the curing and preparing Provisions, and for preventing Combinations among the several Tradesmen and other Persons employed in making up such Provisions, and for regulating the Butter Trade in the City of Dublin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to summoning Persons to appear at Meetings and Assemblies, and as relates to administering Oaths or Declarations, to the issuing and delivering of Messages, Tickets, Certificates, Tokens, Advertisements or Writings, to making or joining in making Rules, Orders, Agreements and Regulations, as therein mentioned, and as relates to taking Oaths, or entering into Combinations or Agreements to ascertain or fix the Price of Wages, or of Labour or Workmanship, or to make any Rule,

Order, Agreement or Regulation, and to taking Oaths, and entering into Combinations and Agreements not to work for a particular Person, as therein mentioned, and as relates to the fixing of Wages; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty fifth Year of King George 25 G. 3. c. 48. the Third, intituled An Act for granting the Sums of Twenty (l-)in Part* thousand Pounds, Five thousand Pounds and Four thousand Pounds, to certain Trustees, and for promoting the several Manufactures therein named, as relates to the ascertaining the Rates of Labour and Prices of Workmanship, as therein mentioned, and as requires an Affidavit to be filed previous to the Commencement of a Suit as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Thirty second Year of King George the S2 G. 3. c. 44. Third, intituled An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act § made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled c An Act to empower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions/ to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof as extend the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirteenth of George the Third, hereby repealed, to the Persons therein mentioned; also a certain -other Act passed in the Thirty 36 G.3. c.li. sixth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Paper Manufactory; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Thirt}r S9 G. 3. c. 56. ninth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to ex- § 2* plain and amend the Faxes relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain celled Scotland, as relates to the fixing and appointing of Hire and Wages; also an Act passed in the Thirty 39 & 40 G. 3. ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti- tided 1 An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen/ and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof excepting so much thereof as relates to the Adjustment of Disputes between Masters and Workmen as therein mentioned; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Forty third Year of King George 43 G. 3. c. 86. the Third, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of § t°4.&§ lo.

Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen and Labourers in Ireland, and

(a) [This Act appears to be wholly repealed by 5 G-4. c, 66.]

for

1072

C. 129.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

for other Purposes relating thereto, as makes illegal and void Contracts, Covenants and Agreements for obtaining an Advance of Wages, or for lessening or altering the Hours or Time of Work-

ing, or

for

or affecting

47 G. 3. s.l. c. 43.

67 G.3. c. 122. § 3.

decreasing the Quantity of Work, or for controlling the Conduct or Management of any Manufacture, Trade or Business, and as prohibits the making or entering into or being concerned in the same, and as punishes Persons for so doing, and as relates to the Combinations therein mentioned, and as relates to endeavouring by Gift, Persuasion or Solicitation to prevent Persons hiring themselves, and as relates to attending the Meetings therein mentioned, or endeavouring to induce the Attendance of others, and collecting, demanding, asking or receiving Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, and as relates to persuiding, enticing, soliciting or endeavouring to induce others to enter into or be concerned in the Combinations therein mentioned, and to paying Mone}r, making or entering into Subscriptions or Contributions, and to Oaths and Declarations, and to Tickets, Certificates and Tokens, and to Contributions supporting and maintaining others, as therein mentioned, and as punishes Persons for permitting Assemblies in their Plouses or Apartments as therein mentioned; also a certain other Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to declare that the Provisions of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty third Year of King Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants' Wages, shall extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Tovms in Ireland; also so much of a certain other Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the laxofid Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Scotland and Ireland, as did extend to Scotland and Ireland any of the Provisions of the Acts intended to be repealed by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and all Enactments in any other Statutes or Acts which, immediately before the passing of the said Combination of recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, were in force or ien or throughout or in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, relative to Combinations to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to lessen or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of Working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or to regulate or controul the Mode of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or the Management thereof, or relative to Combinations to lower the Rate of Wages, or to increase or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of working, or to increase the Quantity of Work, or to regulate or controul the Mode of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or the Management thereof, or relative to fixing the Amount of the Wages of Labour, or relative to the obliging Workmen not hired to enter into Work, and every Enactment enforcing or extending the Application of any of the said several Enactments so repealed, shall, notwithstanding

And all Acts relative to

Masters as to Wages, Time of Working, or Quantity of Work, &c. repealed.

6° GEO. IV. C. 120.

1073

standing the Repeal of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, still be and remain repealed, except only so far as the same or any of them may have repealed any former Act or Enactment.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall by Violence to the Person or Property, or by Threats or Intimidation, or by molesting or in any way obstructing another, force or endeavour to force any Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman or other Person hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade or Business, to depart from his Hiring, Employment or Work, or to return his Work before the same shall be finished, or prevent or endeavour to prevent any Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman or other Person not being hired or employed from hiring himself to, or from accepting Work or Employment from any Person or Persons; or if any Person shall use or employ Violence to the Person or Property of another, or Threats or Intimidation, or shall molest or in any way obstruct another for the Purpose of forcing or inducing such Person to belong to any Club or Association, or to contribute to any common Fund, or to pay any Fine or Penalty, or on account of his not belonging to any particular Club or Association, or not having contributed or having refused to contribute to any common Fund, or to pay any Fine or Penalty, or on account of his not having complied or of his refusing to comply with any Rules, Orders, Resolutions or Regulations made to obtain an Advance or to reduce the Rate of Wages, or to lessen or alter the Hours of working, or to decrease or alter the Quantity of Work, or to regulate the Mode of carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or the Management thereof; or if any Person shall by violence to the Person or Property of another, or by Threats or Intimidation, or by molesting or in any way obstructing another, force or endeavour to force any Manufacturer or Person carrying on any Trade or Business, to make any Alteration in his Mode of regulating, managing, conducting or carrying on such Manufacture, Trade or Business, or to limit the Number of his Apprentices, or the Number or Description of his Journeymen, Workmen or Servants; every Person so offending or aiding, abetting or assisting therein, being convicted thereof in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be imprisoned only, or shall and may be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Persons to Punishment, who shall meet together for the sole Purpose of consulting upon and determining the Ptate of Wages or Prices, which the Persons present at such Meeting or any of them, shall require or demand for his or their Work, or the Hours or Time for which he or they shall work in any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or who shall enter into any Agreement, verbal or written, among themselves, for the Purpose of fixing the Rate of Wages or Prices which the Parties entering into such Agreement, or any of them, shall require or demand for his or their Work, or the Hours of Time for which he or they will work, in any Manufacture, Trade or Business; and that Persons so meeting for the Purposes aforesaid, or entering

Exception.

Compelling Journeymen to leave Employment, or to return Work unfinished; preventing hiring themselves; compelling them to belong to Clubs, &c .;

or to pay Fines;

or to alter Mode of carrying on Business.

Punishment.

Proviso for Meetings for settling Rates of Wages to be received, or Flours of Work to be employed by the Persons meeting.

J 074-

C. 129.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso for Meetings for Rates of Wages, &c. to be paid by Masters to Journeymen, &c.

Offenders compelled to give Evidence.

Indemnified.

Justices may summon Offenders.

Not appearing, Warrants may be issued.

into any such Agreement as aforesaid, shall not be liable to' any Prosecution or Penalty for so doing; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Y. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Persons to Punishment who shall meet together for the sole Purpose of consulting upon and determining the Rate of Wages or Prices which the Persons present at such Meeting, or any of them, shall pay to his or their Journeymen, Workmen or Servants, for their Work, or the Hours or Time of working in any Manufacture, Trade or Business, or who shall enter into any Agreement, verbal or written, among them, selves, for the Purpose of fixing the Rate of Wages or Prices, which the Parties entering into such Agreement, or any of them, shall pay to his or their Journeymen, Workmen or Servants, for their Work or the Plours or Time of working in any Manufacture, Trade or Business; and that Persons so meeting for the Purposes aforesaid, or entering into any such Agreement as aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Prosecution or Penalty for so doing, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall or may offend against this Act, shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her Testimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses on behalf of His Majesty, or of the Prosecutor or Informer, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act, against any other Person or Persons not being such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; and that in all such Cases every Person having given his or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby indemnified of, from and against any Information to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced against him or her, for having offended in the Matter wherein or relative to which he, she or they shall have given Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid.

VII. And for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into ' Execution the Provisions of this Act Be it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and within Six Calendar Months before such Complaint or Information shall be made, such Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before any Two such Justices, at a certain Time or Place to be specified; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then such Justices, (Proof on Oath having been first made before them of the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the same to him or them personally, or leaving the same at his or their usual Place of Abode, provided the same shall be so left Twenty four Hours at the least before the Time which shall be appointed to attend the said Justices upon such Summons,) shall make and issue their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such Justices; or it shall be lawful for such Justice's, if they shall think fit, without issuing any previous

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 129.

1075 '

Summons, and instead of issuing the same, upon such Complaint and Information as aforesaid, to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons by such Information charged to have offended against this Act, and bringing him or them before such Justices; and upon the Person or Persons On their Ap-complained against appearing upon such Summons, or being pearance, or brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Jus- ^bL^ondin^1^ tices, or upon Proof on Oath of such Person or Persons absconding, 0 a sconcinS' so that such Warrant or Warrants cannot be executed, then such Procee<hnSs» Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the Oath or Oaths of any One or more credible Person or Persons as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint; and upon Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Justices may the Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint and summon Wit-Information shall be made as aforesaid, and they are hereby au- nesses» thorized and required, at the Request in Writing of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses to appear and give Evidence before such Justices, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness Non-appea-r-or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justices, ance, &c. at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justices, Proceedings* touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby authorized (Proof on Oath, in the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons, having been first made before such Justice of the Peace, of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by leaving the same Twenty four Hours before the Time appointed ' for such Person to appear before such Justices, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person), by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for Three Calendar Months, Punishment, or until such Person or Persons shall submit to be examined and give Evidence before such Justices as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom Form of Con-any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against victions, &c. this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison set forth iri for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be exam- annexed6 ined, shall cause all such Convictions and the Warrants or Orders am for such Commitments, to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

3 Z 2 X, And

C. 129.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 185.

Convictions to be transmitted to next General or Quarter Sessions to be filed.

Proceedings under this Act in Scotland.

Appeal to General or Quarter Sessions.

"Recognizance, Security to Prosecutor.

Costs.

Decision final. Imprisonment.

No Master to act as Justice.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect hereinbefore directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place. wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions; and in Case any Person or Persons shall appeal, in manner hereinafter mentioned, from the Judgment of the said Justices, to the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, the Justices in such General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions are hereby required, upon receiving such Conviction, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Scotland all Prosecutions under this Act may be insisted on at the Instance of the Public Prosecutor, and may be judged of, either by Two Justices of the Peace, or by the Sheriff of the County within which the Offence may have been committed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place wherein such Offence was committed; and that the Execution of every Judgment so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the Person so convicted shall immediately enter into Recognizances before such Justices (which they are hereby authorized and required to take) himself in the penal Sum of Ten Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the penal Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the said next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to be paid by either Party, which Decision shall be final; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, without Bail or Mainprize, according to such Conviction, and for the Space of Time therein mentioned.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Master in the particular Trade or Manufacture, in or concerning which any Offence is charged to have been committed under this Act, shall act as such Justice under this Act.

6° GEO. IV. C. 129.

1077

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conviction and Commitment.

JgE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of His Majesty's

Reign, and in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before us [naming the Justices] Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place] of

of having [stating the Offence] contrary to the Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and we the said Justices do hereby order and adjudge the said A. B, for the said Offence to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place] for the Space of or to be committed to the House of Correction at

within the said County [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place], there to be kept to Hard Labour for the Space of Given under our

Hands, the Day and Year above written.

FORM of Commitment of a Person summoned as a Witness.

WHEREAS C. D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before us [naming the Justices volio issued the Summons] Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place] of

on this Day of

at being the Time

and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint made by [the Informer or Prosecutor] before us, against A.B. of having [stating the Offence as laid in the Information] contrary to the Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act]: And Whereas the said C. Z). hath not appeared before us, at the Time and Place aforesaid, specified for that Purpose, or offered any reasonable Excuse for his [or her] Default, [or And Whereas the said C. D. having appeared before us, at the Time and Place aforesaid, specified for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a Witness and give his [or her] Evidence before us touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to do]; therefore we, the said Justices, do hereby in pursuance of the said Statute commit the said C.Z). to the [describing the Prison"], there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for his [or her] Contempt aforesaid, for Three Calendar Months, or until he [or she] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined, and give his [or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of Law: And you the [Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to tvhom the Warrant is directed] are hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Bod}' of the said C. D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof,

3 Z 3 who

Form of Con-riction.

Commitment *

1078

C. 129, 130.

6° GEO. IV-

A.D. 1825.

who is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C. D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep, pursuant to this Commitment. Given under our Hands, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

[This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.]

Limiting the

Business, in certain Cases, to be done at Vestries,

Every Parishioner may vote at Parish Vestries, except in certain Cases.

No Vestry to be held without public Notice.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Church Rates in Ireland, and to regulate the same.

[6th July 1825.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Law respecting the VY raising and expending Church Rates in Ireland be altered and amended: And Whereas His Majesty's Subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion are by Law prevented from Voting at every Vestry held for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repair of Churches, or for the Election of Churchwardens, or for determining upon the Salary to be paid to the Parish Clerk,

although they are by Law compellable to fill the Office of Churchwarden Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Vestry shall be held in any Parish in Ireland respecting or relating to all or any of the following Purposes, namely, the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of the Church, the Election of the Churchwardens, the settling the Salary of the Parish Clerk, or the making a Rate to defray such Expences, or any of them, or respecting or relating to the letting or demising of any Estate, or the Disposal of the Income of any Estate, or any Part thereof, belonging to or held in Trust for the Church or Parish, no other Matter shall be proceeded upon at such Vestry save and except the Matters aforesaid, or some of them, for the Purpose of which such Vestry shall be held:' Provided always, that in all Cases whatever where any Vestry shall be held in any Parish for any Purposes other than and save and except the Purposes or Matters aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every Parishioner, of whatever Religious Persuasion he may be, who shall be chargeable to the Church Rate in such Parish, to vote at such Vestry respecting every Matter or Business therein brought forward.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Vestry or Meeting of the Inhabitants in Vestry, of or for any Parish or Union of Parishes, shall be holden for any Purpose whatever, until Public Notice shall have been given of such Vestry, and of the Place and Hour of holding the same, and of the special Purpose thereof, Seven Days before the Day to be appointed for holding such Vestry, by the Publication thereof in the Parish Church or Chapel on some Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, and by affixing the same on the principal Door of such Church or Chapel, and also by affixing the same on the Door of the Roman Catholic Chapel, if any, and on the Door of the Meeting House

for

1079

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 130, 131.

for Religious Worship of the Presbyterian Congregation, if any, within such Parish or Union.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not be any Parish Church or Chapel within any such Parish or Union, or any Church or Chapel lit for the Celebration of Divine Worship, the posting up of a Notice of such Vestry on some conspicuous public Place in the Market Town wherein or nearest to the Place where such Vestry shall be intended to be held, and the delivering Three true Copies of such Notice to Three Householders of such Parish or Union respectively, shall be deemed sufficient Notice of every such Vestry.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Churchwarden or Churchwardens shall be allowed in his or their Account, or get Credit for any Sum or Sums of Money expended by him or them, unless lie or they shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days after another Churchwarden or other Churchwardens shall have been nominated and appointed to succeed him or them, furnish a just and fair Account of such Expenditure to the officiating Minister and Parish Clerk of such Parish or Union, and post Notice of having furnished the same in like Manner and in the same Places as are hereinbefore provided respecting the holding of such Vestry as aforesaid; and that such Account shall be at all reasonable Hours open to the Inspection of, and to be copied in part or the whole by each and every Parishioner assessed or liable to be assessed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Vestry in Ireland to elect any Person to fill the Office of Church or Chapelwarden who professes the Roman Catholic Religion.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or

Copartnerships in Scotland may sue and be sued.

[6th July 1825.]

WHEREAS the Practice has prevailed in Scotland of instiY Y tuting Societies possessing Joint Stocks, the Shares of which are either conditionally or unconditionally transferrable,

1 for the Purpose of carrying on Banking and other Commer-

cial Concerns, many of which have transacted Business for a Number of Years to the great Advantage of that Country: And Whereas it would be attended with great Detriment to the Country, if the Proceedings of such Societies that have taken place were not sanctioned by the Legislature Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the .Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all such Joint Stock Societies or Copartnerships, the Shares of which are conditionally or unconditionally transferrable, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Firms severally used by such Societies or Copartnerships, or in the Name of the Manager, Cashier or Principal Officer of such Society or Copartnership.

3 Z d II. And

Where no Parish Church, Notice to be posted in next Market Town.

Churchwarden to give Account of Expenditure to officiating Minister.

To I >e open to Inspection.

Roman Catholics not to be elected to be Church or Chapel warden *

How Joint Stock Societies, &c. may be sued.

1080

C. 131, 132.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 182

Such Societies or Partnerships held legal.

Continuance of Act.

Proviso for, pending Questions,

II. And be it enacted, That every such Society or Partnership existing in Scotland at the Time of passing this Act shall be held to be legal from and after the passing thereof, and shall be recognized as such in all Courts of Law or Equity (throughout His Majesty's Dominions), and in all Transactions in which they have been engaged antecedent to the passing of this Act, or subsequent thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall endure for Twelve Months from the passing thereof.

IV. Providing always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any way affect any Question which may be in dependence before any Court of Law at the passing of this Act, but such Question shall be dealt with in all Respects in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest of Sctlcey, in the Counties of Northampton and Buckingham; and of certain Lands in the Parish of Hartwell in the said County of Northampton.

[6th July 1825.]

[Allotment to His Majesty of Three full fourths in Value of the Coppice Lands, and Two thirds of the open Plains and Ridings by this Act to be divided and inclosed, and for ever freed, fyc. c. from all Rights of the Duke of Graf on and other Persons, $14. Rights of the Duke of Grafton to the Underwood, 8$c. to be ascertained; and a proportionate Allotment to be made to him out of the King's Allotments, and the Rights of Henry Earl of Euston to be ascertained, § 15. The Allotments to the King and Duke of Grafton to be those Parts best adapted to the Growth of Timber, § 17. Compensation to the Poor out of such Allotments in lieu of their Claims to sere and broken Wood, $18. Timber and Woods reserved to His Majesty for a limited Time, $ 19. Where Rights of Common, $)C. over, Allotments to His Majesty and the Duke of Grafton to cease, § 20. Claims of Verderers to be settled by Commissioners and Compensation made by His Majesty and the Duke of Grafton, as herein mentioned, $ 21. Land, 8fC. allotted to His Majesty and the Duke of Gref on, to be sold for Payment of Expences, § 22. Right of Rectors, c. to Tithes not to be prejudiced, nor the Manner of Payment affected by this Act, § 24. Duke of Grafton and the Commoners empowered to agree for the Dischargefrom Tithes, § 25. Forest of Salceyto be disafforested from and after a Day to be named by Commissioners, § 27. Sicr-plus produced by Sale of Grounds, SfC. to be divided between His Majesty and the Duke of Grafton according to their Interests, §30. Allotments to the Reverend John Risley, Rector of Ashton, § 55. Allotments to Impropriator for Glebe Lands, § 58. Compensation to Proprietor of Lands for great and small Tithes by a Corn Rent, § 59. Annual Payments may be regulated by the Price of Wheat, § 60. Distress in desaidt of such Payments, §61. Where Property is sold or divided, such Property to be charged with a fair Proportion of the Yearly Tithe Rent, §63-For regulating Yearly Tithe Rents, Commissioners to make Schedules of Allotments, § 64. Corn Rent in bar of Tithes, § 65.

Tithes

6° GEO. IV. C. 132, 133.

1081

Tithes to be taken till Annual Rents accrue, § 66. Allotments to Impropriator and Rector of Ashton hovo to be fenced, §67. lotments to be fenced by the Proprietors, § 68. Allotments to enure to the same Uses, § 69. Act not to invalidate the Exemption from Tithes claimed by Levison Vernon, § 88.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 G.3. c. 194.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to some of the Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas by the said Act Power is given to the Master, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London for the Time being, and their Successors, or any of the Assistants, or any other Person or Persons properly qualified, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to be by the Master and Wardens nominated and assigned, not being fewer in number than Two Persons at the least, to go and enter into any Shop or Shops of any Person or Persons whatever, using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary in any Part of England and Wales, for the Purpose of searching, surveying, proving and determining if the Medicines, Wares, Drugs or any Thing or Things whatsoever therein contained, and belonging to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, be wholesome, meet, and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects: And Whereas there is not any Form set forth in or provided by the said recited Act, according to which such Appointment for the Purposes aforesaid should be made, and in consequence thereof in some Cases the Persons appointed by the said Master and Wardens to go and enter into the Shops of Persons using the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries have met with Difficulty in obtaining Admission thereto, for the Purpose of examining the Drugs, Wares and Medicines therein contained: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and Provision should be made in relation to such Appointment as aforesaid: And Whereas the said Act requires to be amended in other Respects, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the beneficial Purposes thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, FQrm of Ap-all Appointments which shall be made by the Master and Ward- po^1ct^nt for ens of the said Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, in pursuance of the said recited Act, of any ° Persons, to go and enter into the Shops of any Person or Persons using the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary in any Part of

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

[6th July 1825.]

England

1082

C. 133.

6° GEO. IV.

Form of Appointment.

A.D. 1825.

England and Wales, for the Purpose of searching, surveying and proving whether the Medicines, Wares, Drugs or any Thing or Things whatsoever in such Shop or Shops contained, and belonging to the Art or Mystery of an Apothecary, be wholesome, meet and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects, shall be in the Form hereinafter stated, and shall be sealed with the Common Seal of the said Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, and shall, on being produced to any Person or Persons at the Shop or Dwelling House having a Shop therein, of any Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, by the Persons therein appointed, who in pursuance and by virtue thereof shall require to enter such Shop for the Purpose of examining the Medicines, Drugs, Wares and other Things therein contained, in pursuance of the said recited Act, be deemed to be sufficient Evidence of the Appointment of the Persons in such Appointment or Appointments named for the Purposes therein expressed.

FORM OF THE APPOINTMENT.

: wea B. Master of the Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, and C. D. and E. F., the WTardens thereof, do hereby, in pursuance of the Power vested in the Master and Wardens for the Time being of the said Society of Apothecaries, by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales; and also, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to explain and amend An Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England or Wales; ' appoint G. H. and /. K., being Persons duly qualified as required by the said recited Act passed in the said Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third as aforesaid, to enter into the Shops of such Persons as now carry on the Art or Mystery of an Apothecary in and in such other Places in England or Wales as they shall think fit, and to examine, search, survey and prove the Medicines, Wares and Drugs, and other Things in such Shops contained, according to the Terms, Provisions and Powers given and contained in and by the said Act of the Fifty fifth of George the Third for that Purpose. In witness whereof the Common Seal of the said Society is hereunto affixed, this Day

4 of

II. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Master, Wardens and Court of Assistants of the said Society of Apothecaries, or the major Part of them, can appoint or elect any Person or Persons who are Members of the said Court of Assistants (although they are duly qualified according to the said recited Act) to be Members of the Court of Examiners, directed to be from time to time appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act: And Whereas it would be useful and expedient, that a limited Number of Persons, being Members of the

said

GEO. IV. C. 133.

1083

said Court of Assistants of the said Society, duly qualified pursuant to the said recited Act, should be eligible to be chosen and appointed to be Members of the said Court of Examiners Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Members of Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Ward- Court of Assist-ens and Court of Assistants of the said Society of Apothecaries, or the major Part of them, from time to time to elect and ap- Court of Expoint any Member or Members of the Court of Assistants of the aminers. said Society (not exceeding Four Persons in the whole), duly qualified according to the said Act to be Members of the Court of Examiners, directed in and by the said recited Act to be from time to time appointed: Provided always nevertheless, that the Master and the Wardens of the said Society for the Time being shall be in all Cases incapable of being elected as Members of the said Court of Examiners; and any Person or Persons who shall, after his or their Election to be a Member of the said Court of Examiners, be chosen and appointed to be either Master of the said Society of Apothecaries, or senior Warden or junior Warden thereof, shall ipso Jcicto vacate his Seat in the said Court of Examiners, and shall be incapable of being re-elected, until he shall have ceased to be Master or senior or junior Warden of the said Society.

4 TIL And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Oath or Affirmation directed by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Pteign of His late Majesty as aforesaid to be taken and subscribed by all persons who shall from time to time,

4 in pursuance of the aforesaid Act, be chosen and appointed to be Members of the Court of Examiners, before they can act as Examiners, can be administered by the Master and Wardens of the said Society, or whether such Oath or Affirmation must be administered by the Master, Wardens and Court of Assistants of the said Society, or the major Part of them; and it would be convenient that Power should be given, as well to the Master and Wardens of the said Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries for the Time being, or to the Master and One of the Wardens of the said Society for the Time being, as to the Master, Wardens and Court of Assistants of the said Society, or the major Part of them, to administer the said Oath or Affirmation so directed to be taken and subscribed by all Persons who shall be appointed to be Members of the said Court of Examiners, before they can act as Examiners Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall Master and and may be lawful to and for the Master and Wardens of the Wardens may said Society for the Time being, or for the Master and One of OaX^Ex-the Wardens of the said Society for the Time being, or for the aminers as by Master, Wardens and Court of Assistants of the said Society, 55 G. 3. c. 194. or the major Part of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized, required and empowered, to administer to all Persons who shall from time to time be, by the Master, Wardens and Court of Assistants of the said Society, or the major Part of them, chosen and appointed to be Members of the said Court of Examiners, by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth -Year of the Reign of Elis late Majesty King George the Third, the Oath or Affirmation directed by the said recited Act to be

21 taken

C. 133.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Surgeons, Sec. in the Navy, and Surgeons and Apothecaries, &c. in the Army, may practise without Examination,

55 G. 3. c. 194, 5 14.

20.

taken by all Persons who shall in pursuance of that Act be from time to time appointed to be Members of the Court of Examiners, before they can act as Examiners.

IV. And Whereas many Persons who have heretofore held, and now do or who hereafter shall hold Commissions in His Majesty's Service, as Surgeons, either in His Majesty's Navy, or as Surgeons or Apothecaries in His Majesty's Army, cannot commence Practice as Apothecaries in any Part of England or Wales, without being examined by the Court of Examiners appointed in pursuance of the aforesaid recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, or being liable to the Penalties thereby imposed on Persons who, not having been in Practice as Apothecaries on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall commence to act or practise as Apothecaries without having been examined, and received Certificates of their Qualification, pursuant to the said recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient to provide a Remedy in that Behalf; Be it therefore enacted, That every Person who heretofore has held, or who now holds, or hereafter shall hold a Commission or Warrant as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon in His Majesty's Navy, or as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon or Apothecary in His Majesty's Army, or as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon in the Service of the Honorable the East India Company, shall be entitled to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, without having undergone any such Examination, or received any such Certificate, as by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third is directed, and without being liable to any Penalty or Disability whatsoever imposed by the said recited Act, on Persons who, not having been in Practice as Apothecaries on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, without having been examined, and received Certificates in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, commenced Practice as Apothecaries in any Part of England or Wales; and no such Person shall be obliged, in order to recover in a Court of Law any Charges claimed by him as an Apothecary, to prove that he was in Practice as an Apothecary on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, otherwise than as holding a Commission or Warrant as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon in His Majesty's Navy, or as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon or Apothecary in His Majesty's Army, or as Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon in the Service of the Plonorable the East India Company; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person (except Persons already in Practice as such), to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, unless he shall have been examined in the Manner, and received such Certificate of Qualification, as by the said recited Act is directed; And Whereas it is also thereby enacted, that if any Person (except such as are then actually practising as such), shall after the said First Day

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 135.

1086

of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen act or practise as an Apothecary, in any Part of England or Wales, without having obtained such Certificate as in the said recited Act is mentioned, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person (except such as are then acting as such, and excepting Persons who have actually served such an Apprenticeship as in the said recited Act is mentioned), shall after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen act as an Assistant to any Apothecary to compound and dispense Medicines, without having obtained such Certificate as in the said Act is mentioned, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And Whereas by the said recited Act it is also further enacted, that no Apothecary shall be allowed to recover any Charges claimed by him in any Court of Law, unless such Apothecary shall prove on the Trial that he was in Practice as an Apothecary prior to or on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or that he has obtained a Certificate to practise as an Apothecary from the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid: And Whereas by the said recited Act it is also enacted, that nothing in the said Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, prejudice or defeat, or in anywise to interfere with any of the Rights, Authorities, Privileges and Immunities of any Person or Persons practising as an Apothecary previously to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; but the said Persons or Person shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all such Rights, Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done before the passing of the said recited Act, in case the same had never been passed: And Whereas it is expedient that the several Terms or Periods in the said Act mentioned, after which Persons not being at such Times or Periods in Practice as Apothecaries are required by the said recited Act to be examined, or are thereby made subject to the Penalties by the said Act imposed on Persons commencing Practice as Apothecaries, or Assistants to Apothecaries, contrary to the Provisions thereof, or to prove their Exemption from such Penalties, should be accurately defined; Be it therefore enacted, That the first mentioned Exception contained in the said Act shall be deemed and construed to extend to such Persons only who were in actual Practice as Apothecaries on or before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the Exception contained in the said Act from the Penalty of Twenty Pounds thereby imposed shall in like Manner be construed to extend only to Persons who were in actual Practice as Apothecaries on or before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the Exception contained in the said recited Act from the Penalty of Five Pounds thereby imposed shall in like Manner be construed to extend only to Persons who were on or before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen acting as Assistants to Apothecaries therein mentioned, or who

have

§21.

§ 29.

Explaining certain Provisions in 55 G.3. c. 194. as to practising as Apothecaries on or before Aug. 1. 1815.

1086

C. 133.

6 GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

55 G.3. c. 194. § 15.

Authorizing the Court of Examiners to examine Apprentices to Surgeons.

Seal of the Company to be Proof of the Authenticity of the Certificates,

have actually served an Apprenticeship of Five Years to an Apothecary, and that in like Manner the Day on which any Apothecary claiming to recover any Charges in any Court of Law or Equity in England or Wales shall be obliged to prove himself to have been in Practice, so as to entitle him to recover such Charges without shewing that he has received a Certificate of his Qualification from the said Court of Examiners appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be construed to be the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the Saving Right contained in the said Act in favour of Persons who have exercised the Practice of Apothecaries shall be construed to extend only to and in favour of such Persons who were in actual Practice as Apothecaries on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VI. And Whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that no Person shall be admitted to any Examination for a Certificate of his Qualification to act or practise as an Apotheca ^, unless he shall, among other Things by the said Act required, produce Proof to the said Court of Examiners of his having served an Apprenticeship of not less than Five Years to an Apothecary:

And Whereas many Persons who served an Apprenticeship of the like Period to Surgeons have received a full and competent Medical Education to enable them to practise as Apothecaries,

but the said Court of Examiners have not any Power to examine such Persons Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Examiners to examine such Persons as to their Fitness for or Qualification to act as Apothecaries, who shall produce Proof of having served an Apprenticeship of not less than Five Years to a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in London, or to a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, or to a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, or to a Surgeon in His Majesty's Army or Navy, together with Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Examiners, of a sufficient Medical Education, and of good moral Conduct, in like Manner as by the said Act is provided with regard to Persons who have served an Apprenticeship of not less than Five Years to an Apothecary; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And Whereas the authenticating the Certificates of Qualification of such Persons as have been or as shall be examined by the Court of Examiners in pursuance of the aforesaid Act has been attended with considerable Expence, and might often be difficult of Proof, if such Certificates were required to be authenticated in different Parts of England at the same Time in different Actions For Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Common Seal of the said Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London shall be deemed to be and shall be received in every Court of Law or Equity in any Part of England or Wales as sufficient Proof of the Authenticity of the Certificate to which such Seal shall be affixed, and that the Person therein named is duly qualified to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales.

6° GEO. IV. C. 133.

1087

VIII. And Whereas many Persons who have been examined as to their Fitness and Qualification to act as Apothecaries in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year j?of His late Majesty King George the Third, by the Court of Examiners appointed under and by virtue thereof, have been rejected upon the First and also upon the Second Examination of such Persons: And Whereas there is not any Power expressly given by the said Act to the said Court of Examiners to admit Persons who have been rejected upon their Second Examination:

And Whereas several Persons who have been upon their First and Second Examinations deemed unfit to receive a Certificate of Qualification to act as Apothecaries, have upon a subsequent Examination received Certificates of their Qualification to act as Apothecaries, and it would be expedient to provide a Remedy in that behalf; Be it therefore enacted, That from and Power to grant after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and Certificates to for the Court of Examiners who shall be appointed from time to ^Third^1 time in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the subsequent Ex-Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or the major animations. Part of them, to examine any Person or Persons who have been rejected by the said Court of Examiners, on the Second Examination of such Person or Persons, from time to time as often as such Person or Persons shall apply to be examined, so as such future Examinations be from time to time respectively at an Interval of not less than Six Months from the previous Examination; and that all Persons who have heretofore received, from the said Court of Examiners, Certificates of their Qualification to act as Apothecaries, upon their Third or subsequent Examination, shall be deemed to have been legally examined; and that the Certificates which have been granted to such Persons shall be deemed and taken to be as valid as if the same had been granted by the said Court of Examiners on the First or Second Examination of such Persons.

IX. And Whereas by the said recited Act the Penalty of 55 G. 3. c. 194.

4 Five Pounds is imposed on Persons who shall commit certain §§ 3. 5. 20.

4 Offences in the said Act specified: And Whereas there are not in the said recited Act specified any Means whereby the said Penalty of Five Pounds thereby imposed can be recovered; Be it therefore enacted, That all Penalties of the Amount of Five Mode of re-Pounds, which are imposed by the said recited Act, shall be covering Penal-recoverable in the Name of the Master, Wardens and Society ties of 51 of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in England or Wales, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations in all Respects, as are in and by the said recited Act declared and provided with regard to the Recovery of the Penalty of Twenty Pounds thereby imposed on certain other Offences in the said recited Act mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ac- Limitation of tion or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person Actions for or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, for executing Act, any Thing done in pursuance of this Act., or the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; or in

case

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

Commencement and Continuance of Act.

[Public Act.]

case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, nor until the Expiration of Twenty one Days after Notice shall have been given to or left for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, against whom such Action is intended to be brought, under the Hand of the Party intending to bring such Action, previously to the commencing such Action; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act and the said recited Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty one Days after Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction shall have been made or tendered, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall suffer a Discontinuance or Non Pros of his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take Effect from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue until the First Day of August next in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 134.

1089

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[6th July 1825.]

§ I. 439, 166 9 10J Being the Surplus Grants for the Year 1824; to

be issued towards the Supply for the Year 1825.

II. Monies coming into the Exchequer under c. 1. ante; ' granted to make good the Supply for Great Britain and Ireland, for 1825.

20,000,000 0 0 By Exchequer Bills under

c. 2. ante.

Monies coming into the Exchequer under c. 9. ante.

10.500.000 0 0

10.500.000 0 0

III.

439, 166

5, 983, 126

9

17

10J

10

Out of the Consolidated Fund under c. 14. ante.

By Exchequer Bills under c. 70. ante.

As by § 1 .ante.

For Naval Services for the Year 1825, (that is to

say,)

To be applied as hereinafter mentioned. See §3, to 12.

923, 650 0 0

603, 200 0 0

320, 450 0 0 94, 250 0 0

54, 886 5 1

For Wages

of >

29.000 Men, including 9,000 Royal Marines,

For Victuals for

29.000 Men, - For Wear and Tear

of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service, -

I

s '

2 9 0 1 12 0

0 17 0

0 5 0

>For 13 months.

For Salaries of Officers and Contingent Expences of Admiralty Office.

29, 633 1 6 Ditto ditto Navy Pay Office.

56, 760 15 0 Ditto ditto Navy Office.

33, 977 10 0 Ditto ditto Victualling Office.

157, 176 3 5 Ditto at Home. ditto His Majesty's Yards

560,000 0 0 For Wages to Artificers and Labourers in ditto.

538, 306 0 0 For Building and Repair of His Majesty's Ships,

Ordinary Repairs of Ships in Harbour, and for Repair of Docks, &c.

40,000 0 0 For Pilotage, Salvage, Bounty for Slaves, Main-

tenance of distressed Seamen in Foreign Parts, Exchequer Fees and other Contingencies.

52, 022 13 5 For Salaries of Officers and Contingent Expences

of Foreign Yards.

73, 572 0 6 For ditto ditto Victualling Yards.

55, 510 13 11 For Medical Establishments.

6, 252 12 7 For the Royal Naval College, and School for Na-

val Architecture.

6 Geo. IV. 4 A

1090

C. 134.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

IV.

106, 027 7 1

54, 787 4 0

40, 480 0 0

897, 500 0 0

131, 692 18 2

1, 500 0 0

7,000 0 0

90,000 0 0

260,000 0 0

168, 503 13 2

182, 688 0 0

255,000 0 0

188, 300 0 0

7, 818, 204 12 3

1,000,000 0 0

478, 024 7 0

185, 291 13 0

1, 153, 411 0 1

246, 263 18 4:

93, 270 17 1

24, 581 0 8

116, 470 13 10

13, 270 14 6

5, 188 17 0

128,000 0 0

19, 305 12 0

27, 338 5 5

151, 522 16 3

For Wages to Officers and Men of Vessels in Ordinary.

For Victuals for ditto, and also to Officers, and Men borne on the Hulks and small Vessels.

For the Hire of Packets.

For Half Pay to Naval Officers.

For Superannuations, Pensions and Allowances to Naval Officers, their Widows and Relatives.

For Bounty to Chaplains.

For Widows and Officers on the Compassionate List.

For Deficiency of Funds for Relief of Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Navy.

For ditto for Out Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital.

For Superannuations to Commissioners, &c. and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly employed in Naval Departments.

For Repairs and Improvements in the Dock Yards.

For Provisions for Troops, &c. on Foreign Stations and for Convict Service, and the Value of Rations for Troops to be embarked on board Ships of War and Transports.

For Transport Service.

For Land Forces for the Year 1825; and other Services hereinafter more particularly expressed, (that is say,)

For Army Services.

For Land Forces in Great Britain, and on Stations abroad (except the East Indies). t For ditto in Ireland.

For completing the Sum required for Land Forces in Great Britain (except the East Indies).

; For ditto ditto in Ireland.

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals serving with Forces in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations (excepting India). t For ditto in Ireland.

For Allowances to principal Officers of the several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces in Great Britain, and of certain Hospital Contingencies, t For ditto in Ireland.

For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain. t For ditto in Ireland.

For Four Troops of Dragoons and Nineteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company.

For Pay of General Officers in the Forces not being Colonels of Regiments.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 134.

1091

V.

j£29, 832 6 10

5, 491 0 3

131,000 0 0

752,000 0 0

42, 048 2 6

109, 710 0 0

33, 896 9 0

12, 075 13 10

1, 240, 913 2 11

135, 369 16 8

186, 608 13 9

44, 305 16 10

5, 690 8 0 net

33,000 0 0

9, 657 18 5

17, 984 4 10 net

620,000 0 0

369, 014 8 3

303, 459 1 6

94, 207 13 6 net

48, 948 0 0

7, 219 0 0

35, 490

4, 165

0 0

0 0

For Pay of Garrisons at Home and Abroad, i For ditto in Ireland.

For ditto full Pay for reduced, retired

and unattached Officers of Land Forces.

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of ditto.

For Allowances to reduced Officers of ditto.

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of Disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers.

For In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, t For ditto Kihnainham Hospital.

For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines.

For Allowances on the Compassionate List, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons formerly belonging to the several Public Departments in Great Britain, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature.

For ditto in Ireland.

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer by the Paymaster General of Forces on Issues for Army Services.

For a Royal Veteran Battalion for Service in Great Britain.

For Two ditto for Ireland.

For extraordinary Expences of the Army.

For the Commissariat Department.

For disembodied Militia of Great Britain.

For ditto in Ireland.

For Salaries to Master General and principal Officers, and Salaries and increased Salaries for length of Service to Clerks, &c. belonging to the Office of Ordnance, and employed at the Tower and Pall Mall.

For Salaries and increased Salaries for length of Service to the several Military Establishments of the Office of Ordnance at the Royal Laboratory, the Inspector of Artillery's Department, the Royal Carriage Department, and the Royal Military Repository at Woolwich.

For ditto to the several Civil Establishments of the Office of Ordnance at the Home and Foreign Stations.

For Expence of Fifty six Master Gunners at the Garrisons, &c. in Great Britain, and of One Fee Gunner at Saint James's Park and Whitehall, with Allowance of Coals and Candles to them, and to 50 Noncommissioned Officers A 2 and

1092

C. 134.

* £73, 065 0 0

241, 289 0 0

29, 912 0 0

1, 818 0 0

7, 215 / 0 0

4, 407 0 0

51, 933 0 0

4, 592 0 0

102, 315 0 0

301, 948 0 0

47, 860 0 0

104, 831 0 0

132, 277 0 0 175, 725 0 0

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and Gunners late of the Invalid Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery stationed in the said Garrisons, &c.

For ditto of the Corps of Royal Engineers, the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and for the Instruction of Royal Sappers and Miners, and of Junior Officers of the Corps of Royal Engineers in the Construction of Field Works for Great Britain.

For the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Great Britain.

For the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, and also a Rocket and Riding House Troop for Great Britain.

For the Director General of the Field Train and Field Train Department.

For the Medical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance.

For the Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woohvich, including additional Pay to Officers of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for attending the Company of Gentlemen Cadets.

For Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, after deducting 167,000l. for Savings and unexpended Sums of former Grants, and also of presumed Sales of Old Stores, Lands, &c.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1824.

For the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, after deducting 11, 315/. on account of Rents, Sales of Old Stores, &c.

For the Office of Ordnance on account of Allowances to superannuated, retired and half pay Officers, to superannuated and disabled Men and Pensioners, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to the Royal Ordnance Military Corps.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows' Pensions.

For the Ordnance Barrack Department in Great Britain, after deducting 23,000l. for Sale of condemned Stores, Rents of Canteens, &c.

For ditto in Ireland after deducting 10, 324/. for Sale of Old Stores, &c.

For the Commissariat Store Branch of the Office of Ordnance.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 134.

1093

* £1, 632 0 0

VI. 30,000,000 0 0

VII.

413, 800 0 0

VIII. For the Charge

IX.

3, 477 0 0

600 0 0

8, 229 0 0

9, 660 0 0

5, 194 0 0

3, 010 10 0

16, 513 0 0

11, 081 0 0

23, 934 0 0

45, 930 7 3

5,000,000 0 0

15, 416 0 0

260,000 0 0

13, 189 9 2

24, 834 14 2

820,000 0 0

27, 630 0 0

16, 572 0 0

93, 879 O 0

68, 634 0

5, 200 0

5, 351 0 0

1, 058 5 0

16, 740 0 0

For Sums to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer for Fees on the Amount of Ordnance Estimates and of the other Departments transferred, for Great Britain.

For discharging Exchequer Bills charged on the Supplies for the Years 1824 and 1825, remaining unpaid or unprovided for.

For ditto issued pursuant to 57 G.3. c. 34. 58 G.3. c. 45. and 1 G.4. c. 60. for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and for building additional Churches, of Civil and Military Establishments for the Year 1825, (that is to say,)

Bahama Islands.

Dominica.

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

Netv Brunswick.

Prince Edward Island.

Sierra Leone.

Newfoundland.

New South Wales.

African Forts.

For discharging the like Amount of Supplies granted for 1821, 1822, 1823 and 1824.

For the British Museum.

For Civil Contingencies.

For the Royal Military College.

For the Royal Military Asylum.

For paying Interest on Exchequer Bills.

For Salaries and Allowances to Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons.

For Expences of the Houses of Lords and Commons.

For the Deficiency of the Fee Fund in the Departments of His Majesty's Treasury, Home and Foreign Secretaries of State, Secretary of State for the Colonies, Privy Council, and Privy Council for Trade.

For Contingent Expences and Messengers' Bills for ditto.

For Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection, &c. of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several Establishments connected therewith, and into certain other Revenue Departments in Great Britain.

For Salaries to certain Officers, and Expences of the Court and Receipt of the Exchequer.

For Salaries and Allowances to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, for reading Courses of Lectures.

For Salaries of Commissioners of Insolvent Debtors' Court, and Contingent Expences of their Office.

4 A 3

0

0

1094

C. 134.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

* £4, 872 0 0

20,000 0 0

12, 124 16 8

16, 120 0 0

3.000 0 0

5.000 0 0

6, 300 0 0

3, 306 10 0 6, 312 7 10

56.000 0 0

99, 169 0 0

10, 371 0 0 96, 240 0 0

34.000 0 0

52.000 0 0

6,000 0 0

4, 800 0 0

12,000 0 0

78, 147 0 0

45,000 0 0

For Salaries of Officers and Contingent Expences of the Office for the Superintendance of Aliens, and for Superannuations or retired Allowances to Officers formerly employed in that Service.

For the Establishment of the Penitentiary House at Milbank, from the 24th June 1825, to 24th June 1826.

For retired Allowances or Compensations to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices or Departments, or in the Public Service, under 50 G.3. 6.117; and 3 G.4. c. 113.

For Relief of Toidonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from His Majesty.

For the National Vaccine Establishment.

For Institution called the Refuge for the Destitute.

For Relief of American Loyalists.

For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics.

For Allowances to Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England, Poor French Protestant Refugee Clergy and Laity, and sundry small Charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin's in the Fields, and others.

For Foreign and other Secret Services.

For Printing Acts of Parliament and Bills, Reports and other Papers for the Two Houses of Parliament.

For Printing by Order of the Commissioners for canying into Execution the Measures recommended respecting the Records of the Kingdom.

For Stationery, Printing and Binding for the several Public Departments of Government, including the Expence of the Establishment of the Stationery Office.

For the Extraordinary Expences of the Mint in the Gold Coinage.

For making good the Loss upon the Irish Silver Tokens already recoined, and to be recoined within the Year 1825.

For Extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For ditto, in the Department of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, for Fittings and Furniture for the Two Houses of Parliament.

For Law Charges.

For confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at Home and at Bermuda.

For Bills drawn from Abroad for Expences incurred under the Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and in conformity with the Orders

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 134.

1095

£115 0 0

80,000 0 0

35.000 0 0

120,000 0 0

2, 442 10 0 15, 532 0 0

40.000 0 0

10.000 0 0 15, 990 0 0 19, 130 0 0

45.000 0 0

40.000 0 0

18.000 0 0

80,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

27, 871 14 2

30.000 0 0 7, 500 0 0

2,000 0 0

13.000 0 0

200,000 0 0

ders in Council for the Support, &c. of captured Negroes, free Settlers, &c.

For paying in the Year 1825 the Salaries and incidental Expences of the Commissioners appointed on the Part of His Majesty, under the Treaties with Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, for preventing the illegal Traffic in Slaves, in pursuance of 58 G. 3. cc. 36. 85 .; and 59 G.3. c. 16. for carrying the said Treaties into effect.

For the Expences of the Special Commissions to Spanish America.

For Salaries of His Majesty's Consuls General, Consuls and Vice Consuls in Spanish America.

For Bills drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales.

For Colonial Services formerly paid out of the Extraordinaries of the Army.

For the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in the North American Colonies.

For Works and Repairs of Public Buildings,

For Works at the College of Edinburgh.

For ditto at Port Patrick Harbour.

For ditto at Donaghadee Harbour.

For ditto at the Royal Harbour of George the Fourth at Kingstoxvn, formerly Dunleary.

For Buildings at the British Museum.

For rebuilding the Office of His Majesty's Privy Council, and for completing the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade.

For Repairs and Works to be executed at Windsor Castle.

For Compensation, in the Year 1825, to the Commissioners for enquiring into the Nature and Extent of the Instruction afforded by the several Institutions in Ireland established for the Purpose of Education.

For Expences of the Roads and Harbours of Holyhead and Hoxvth.

For facilitating Emigration from the South of Ireland to the Canadas.

For the Purchase of Mr. Rich's Collection of Manuscripts, Antiquities and Coins, to be placed in the British Museum.

For Remuneration to John London MAdam for the Improvement of the Roads in this Country.

For Repairs of the Cobb at Lyme Regis, in consequence of the destructive Effects of the Storms in the Autumn of 1824.

For indemnifying certain Proprietors of Slaves in the United States of America, under the Treaty concluded at Ghent on the 24th December 1814, and the Convention signed at Saint Petersburgh oiT the 12th Juhf 1822.

4 A 4

1096

C. 134.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

X. The following

XI.

XII.

£ 120,000 0 0 For discharging such of the Proprietors of An-

nuities granted by 37 G. 3. c. 10. and 42 G.3. c. 8. as shall not desire to receive 3L per Cent. Annuities in lieu thereof, according to the Provisions of the said Acts.

Sums, in British Currency net, for the Year 1825; viz,

20, 051 0 0 For the Board of Works in Ireland.

15, 886 0 0 For Printing, Stationery and other Disbursements

of the Chief and Under Secretary's Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c. and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and Messengers attending the said Offices; also Superannuated Allowances in the Chief Secretary's Office.

For publishing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature, in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland.

For printing Statutes for the Use of the Magistrates and Public Officers in Ireland.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences in Ireland'.

For Nonconforming, Seceding and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland.

For Salaries of the Lottery Officers in Ireland. For Civil Contingencies in Ireland.

For the Establishment and Maintenance of Inland Navigations in Ireland.

For the Aid of Schools established by Voluntary Contributions.

For Salaries and Expences of the Commissioners enquiring into the Duties and Fees of the Offices of Courts of Justice in Ireland.

For Salaries, &c. of Commissioners of Enquiry into the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland. For Salaries, &c. of the Record Commissioners in Ireland.

For Retired or Superannuation Allowances to Public Officers in Ireland.

For the Police and Watch Establishment of Dublin. For carrying on certain Public Works in Ireland. For the Commissioners of Wide Streets in Dublin. For the Royal Irish Academy.

For the Linen Board of Ireland.

For the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland. For the Society for discountenancing Vice.

For ditto for promoting the Education of the Poor in Ireland.

For the Foundling Hospital, Dublin.

For the House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylums for Industrious Children in Dublin.

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin. For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children. For the Hibernian Marine Society.

6, 500 0 0

5,000 0 0

30, 185 0 0

13, 894 IB 34

1, 072 12 4

15,000 0 0

4, 681 0 0

10,000 0 0

7, 324 0 0

1, 671 0 0

3, 500 0 0

1, 116 18 5

26,000 0 0

45, 500 0 0

10,000 0 0

300 0 0

19, 938 9 2| 4 *

21, 615 0 0

7, 106 0 0

22,000 0 0

34, 478 0 0

19, 750 0 0

5, 640 0 0

7, 500 0 0

1, 600 0 0

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. 134.

1097

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

.ggl, 761 0 0

2, 734 0 0

2, 885 0 0

1, 663 0 0

3, 692 0 0

400 0 0

8, 928 0 0

1, 900 0 0

7,000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

722 0 0

For the Female Orphan House in Dublin.

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin. For the Lying In Hospital in Dublin.

For Doctor Steven s Hospital in Dublin.

For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery in Dublin.

For the Hospital for Incurables in Dublin.

For the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland.

For the Cork Institution.

For the Dublin Society.

For the Farming Society of Ireland.

For the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

Power to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, of Ireland to withhold, in the Whole or in Part, the several Sums hereby directed to be paid for the Maintenance of the Children in the Protestant Charter Schools, Society for the Suppression of Vice, for the Society for the Education of the Poor in Ireland, or for the Schools established by Voluntary Contributions; or the said Lieutenant, &c. may direct the Issue of such Sums to the said Societies respectively under such Conditions as shall seem meet.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Rules for Application of Half Pay: Proviso for receiving Half Pay under any Act. relating to the General or Local Militia, or the Yeomanry or Volunteers.

Persons concerned in issuing, paying and receiving Money for the Payment of Half Pay, not having taken the Oaths required by 5 G.4. c. 115- indemnified.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices not derived from the Crown.

Application of Overplus of Sums appropriated to Plalf Pay Officers under 5 G.4. c. 115.

[Local and Private acts moved to other file.]

