THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

6 & 7 WILLIAM IV. 1836.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Printers;

1836.

(Price 1l. 4s. 6d. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the TWELFTH Parliament

Of

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven. Page 1

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven. Ibid.

3. An Act for vesting the Office of Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavel's in the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and for vesting the Office of Keeper of the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings. 2

4. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege. 3

5. An Act for carrying into further Execution Two Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Compensation for Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for facilitating the Distribution and Payment of such Compensation. 4

6. An Act for carrying into effect a Treaty made between His Majesty and the Queen Regent of Spain for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. 12

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Page 35

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 40

10. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Stafford from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament. 44

11. An Act for the Registration of Aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for that Purpose. 46

12. An Act for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the severed Counties of England and Wales. 49

13. An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 50

14. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland. 72

15. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, in order to enable certain Seamen belonging to Shetland or Orkney to pay certain Sums of Money, payable under that Act to the Seamen's Fund, at Lerwick in Shetland or Kirkwall in Orkney. 117

16. An Act to revive and continue in force, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, an Act of the Legislature of Jamaica to explain and amend an Act for the Abolition of Slavery in that Island, and in aid of the same. 120

17. An Act to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in certain of His Majesty's West India Colonies. 122

18. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six. 129

19. An Act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham. 130

20. An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. 132

21. An Act to provide that Persons in Scotland accused of Letter Stealing shall not be entitled to Liberation on Bail unless in certain Cases. 135

22. An Act to enable Bastards in Scotland to make Testaments. 136

23. An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. Ibid.

24. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in a Chapel of Ease, in the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, called Saint Anns Chapel. 137

25. An Act for granting an additional Rate of Postage on Letters between Great Britain and Ireland by way of Milford and Waterford. 139

26. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six. Page 141

27. An Act for investing in Government Securities further Portions of the Cash lying unemployed in the Bank of England belonging to Bankrupts Estates. 143

28. An Act to enable Persons to make Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond to the Postmaster General, and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes. 146

29. An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis. 150

30. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King George the Fourth as directs the Period of the Execution and the Prison Discipline of Persons convicted of the Crime of Murder. 167

31. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of building of Chapels of Ease in Ireland. 168

32. An Act for the Regulation of Benefit Building Societies. 172

33. An Act to amend and regulate the Law of Scotland as to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam. 174

34. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland. 175

35. An Act for further improving the Road between London and Holyhead by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury. 182

36. An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 209

37. An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other Regulations for the making and Sale of Bread, and for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread, beyond the Limits aforesaid. 210

38. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Excise Licences, and to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail, in Ireland. 226

39. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland. 234

40. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland. 235

41. An Act to abolish the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and to regulate the Mode of taking Proofs in Consistorial Causes in Scotland. 236

42. An Act to grant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of Certain Debts affecting the same. Page 237

43. An Act to provide for the taking of Judicial Ratifications of Scottish Deeds on Oath as heretofore. 244

44. An Act to continue the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 245

45. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in Great Britain on Horses let for Hire, and on Licences relating to the same, from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise. 246

46. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemens Land. 248

47. An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India. Ibid.

48. An Act to indemnify the Governors and others of the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat for having permitted the Importation of certain Articles Duty-free. 249

49. An Act to enable the Master of the Rolls to demise Part of the Rolls Estate to the Society of Judges and Serjeants. 260

60. An Act to authorize the placing of the Horse Patrol now acting under the Authority of the Chief Magistrate of the Public Office in Bow Street under the Authority of the Justices appointed for the Metropolitan Police District. 251

51. An Act for converting the Richmond General Penitentiary into one of the Prisons for the County of the City of Dublin, and to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland. 254

52. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Paper printed, painted, or stained in the United Kingdom; and to reduce the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, and Scale-board, made in the United Kingdom, of the First Class; and to discontinue the Excise Survey on the Manufacturers of certain Articles made from Paper, and on Dealers in and Retailers of Vinegar. 258

53. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Admiralty Jurisdiction to the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales's Island, Singapore, and Malacca. 268

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post. Ibid.

55. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies in Ireland. 278

56. An Act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases. 287

57. An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by His Majesty's Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope. 293

58. An Act for declaring the Law as to the Day on which it is requisite to present for Payment to the Acceptors or Acceptor supra Protest for Honour, or to the Referees or Referee in case if Need, Bills of Exchange, which had been dishonoured. Page 294

59. An Act to extend the Protection of Copyright in Prints and Engravings to Ireland. 295

60. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 296

61. An Act to assimilate the Law of Ireland to that of England in respect to the Liability of Owners of Vessels for Losses by Fire. 302

62. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament. 303

63. An Act to facilitate, until the Nineteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Recovery of certain Arrears of Highway Rates and Composition in lieu of Statute Duty. 304

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons. 305

65. An Act for granting Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and on Stage Carriages, in certain Cases, and to regulate the charging of the Duty payable for taking or killing Game, in Great Britain; and to provide for the Collection of certain Local Taxes in Scotland. 306

66. An Act to prevent the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries. 311

67. An Act for suspending for One Year Appointments to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories. Ibid.

68. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Australia. 313

69. An Act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof. 314

70. An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Sites for School Rooms. 325

71. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. 327

72. An Act to impose countervailing Duties of Excise on Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities made from or with Spirits removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, and to grant countervailing Drawbacks on the Removal of the same; to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom; and to alter the Laws relating to Distillers and Retailers of Spirits. 360

73. An Act to continue until the First Day of July next, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Dispatch of Business done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland. Page 369

74. An Act to abolish certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the Performance of the Duties thereof. 370

75. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction and regulate the Proceedings of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland. 383

76. An Act to reduce the Duties on Newspapers, and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties on Newspapers and Advertisements. 405

77. An Act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage. 432

78. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations for the better defining and establishing the Powers and Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Consuls in the Ottoman Dominions. 443

79. An Act for vesting Lighthouses, Lights, and Sea Marks on the Coasts of England in the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and for making Provisions respecting Lighthouses, Lights, Buoys, Beacons, and Sea Marks, and the Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof. 445

80. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting an Aid by a Land Tax, and for continuing the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions. 474

81. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations made with any Foreign Power of State for the Suppression of the Slave Trade. 475

82. An Act to carry into further Execution an Act for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for completing the full Payment of such Compensation. 477

83. An Act for the Regulation of the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland. 282

84. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland; and to incorporate certain detached Portions of Counties and Baronies with those Counties and Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin or wherein the same are locally situate. 484

85. An Act for Marriages in England. 510

86. An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England. 526

87. An Act for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge. 544

88. An Act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 549

89. An Act to provide for the Attendance and Remuneration of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests. Page 549

90. An Act to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 552

91. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make and maintain a Road from the Church in the Parish of Sunk Island to the Town of Ottringham in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

92. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the Church of Saint Clement, Oxford. 553

93. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven. 554

94. An Act to amend an Act for enabling His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty the King of the French, the Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria. 573

95. An Act to suspend, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland. 575

96. An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments. 577

97. An Act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions. 581

98. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Ibid.

99. An Act to amend Two Acts passed respectively in the Third and Fourth and in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church of Ireland. 588

100. An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland. 605

101. An Act to legalize certain Lists of Voters and of Claims and Objections for the present Year. 608

102. An Act for rendering more easy the taking the Poll at County Elections. 610

103. An Act to make temporary Provision for the Boundaries of certain Boroughs. 611

104. An Act for the better Administration of the Borough Fund in certain Boroughs. 613

105. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs. 616

106. An Act to make Provision for the better and more expeditious Administration of Justice in the Stannaries of Cornwall, and for the enlarging the Jurisdiction and improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Courts of the said Stannaries. Page 621

107. An Act to extend the Period for the Repayment of Loans made under an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales. 636

103. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland. 637

109. An Act to repeal certain Provisions respecting the Coal Trade. 648

110. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third respecting Copyrights as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin. 650

111. An Act to prevent the Fact of a previous Conviction being given in Evidence to the Jury on the Case before them, except when Evidence to Character is given. 651

112. An Act for further facilitating the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster. 652

113. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six. 653

114. An Act for enabling Persons indicted of Felony to make their Defence by Counsel or Attorney. Ibid.

115. An Act for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales. 654

116. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. 681

117. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown. 760

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Reading and Hamlet of Whitley in the County of Berks, by a Company to be called The Reading Union Gas Company. Page 785

ii. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Farnborough to Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the County of Kent; and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

iii. An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town or Village of Bridgend in the County of Glamorgan, and for providing other Market Places in lieu thereof, and for regulating and maintaining the same. Page 785

iv. An Act to establish a Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, wad certain Parishes and Places in the County of Devon. 786

v. An Act for the better supplying the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Gas. Ibid.

vi. An Act for extending the Time for building a Bridge over the River Avon from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

vii. An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Middlesex Hospital, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs. Ibid.

viii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Halifax and Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

ix. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham to the West Chester or Holyhead Road in the Parish of Passenham in the County of Northampton, and from the North-east End of the Town of Stony Stratford to Newport Pagnell in the said County of Buckingham. Ibid.

x. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road and Branches leading from Radcliffe towards Bolton and Bury, all in the County of Lancaster. 787

xi. An Act for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, for the Eastern Part of the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xii. An Act for building new Courts of Assize at Bodmin for the County of Cornwall, and for providing Judges Lodgings, and other Purposes connected therewith. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Prestbury Division of the Hundred of Macclesfield in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Gloucester, with a Branch therefrom. Ibid.

xv. An Act to enable the Bristol and Clifton Oil Gas Company to produce Gas from Coal and other Materials; and to amend the Act relating to the said Company. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within the Town of Manchester. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Richmond to Reeth in the County of York. 788

xviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Crossford in the said County. Ibid.

xix. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Saint Leonards and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at Whatlington, and through Sedlescombe to Cripp's Corner in the Parish of Ewhurst, in the County of Sussex. Page 788

xx. An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Westminster Hospital at the Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, and for conferring Powers the better to enable them to carry on their charitable Designs. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of the Family Endowment Society to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being of the said Society. 789

xxii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better raising and securing the Fund established for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Justiciary Court Hall and other Apartments for the Use of the Justiciary Court at Glasgow, and also Public Offices for the City of Glasgow and the Lower Ward of the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Crediton in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to enable John Howard Kyan to assign to a Company certain Letters Patent. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, and for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Alphington, Heavitree, Saint Leonard, Saint Thomas the Apostle, and Topsham, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of New Mills and Hayfield, and the Neighbourhoods thereof, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Dock or Docks at Southampton. 790

xxx. An Act to enable the Wearmouth Dock Company to make and maintain a proper and convenient Entrance into the Wearmouth Dock at the Port of Sunderland in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Saint Katharine Docks in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Royal Burgh of Dundee in the County of Forfar to the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the same County. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Belfast to the City of Armagh in the Province of Ulster in Ireland. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway between the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the County of Forfar and the Royal Burgh of Forfar in the same County. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway near Birmingham, to Derby, to be called "The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway," with a Branch. Page 790

xxxri. An Act for making a Railway from Bristol to Exeter, with Branches to the Towns of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset and Tiverton in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making a Railway from Aylesbury to join the London and Birmingham Railway near the Village of Cheddington in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to alter the Line of the Great Western Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto. 791

xxxix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Aire at Leeds, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues, and Approaches thereto. Ibid.

xl. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

xli. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth in the County of Cardigan. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for improving, maintaining, and regulating the Harbour of Teignmouth and the Navigation of the River Teign in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for improving, enlarging, and extending the Forth and Clyde Navigation, and certain Harbours and Works belonging thereto and connected therewith; and for making and maintaining Two Branch Cuts or Canals from the said Navigation. 792

xliv. An Act to enable the British Alkali Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary or of any One Member for the Time being of the said Company. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for establishing a General Cemetery in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making and maintaining as Turnpike a Road leading from the Flimwell to Hastings Turnpike Road at or near Beauport in the Parish of Hollington to Hastings in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in and leading to and from the Town and County of the Town of Poole, and for making certain new Lines of Road in the said Town and County, and leading thence towards Wareham and Blandford in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Totnes Road at Lady Down in the Parish of Ugborough to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge over the Lary, and for repairing the Road communicating therewith from Hollowcombe Cross to the Town of Modbury and Dark Lane, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Harlow Bush Common to and into the Parish of Woodford, and the Road from Epping to Writtle, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Essex. 793

l. An Act for the more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from the Town of Ashford to the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent. Page 79S

li. An Act to make and maintain a Canal in the County of Dumbarton from the Forth and Clyde Canal to the River of Clyde, opposite to the River of Cart. Ibid.

lii. An Act to amend and enlarge the several Acts relating to the Bolton and Leigh Railway, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York. Ibid.

liv. An Act for enabling the Universal Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of the Actuary for the Time being or of any One of the Directors of the said Society. 794

lv. An Act for granting further Powers to a Company called "The Imperial Continental Gas Association." Ibid.

lvi. An Act to amend an Act to enable the Birmingham Coal Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or One of the Members of the said Company; and to authorize the said Company to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for incorporating certain Persons for carrying into effect the Purposes of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling John Brandling and Robert William Brandling Esquires to purchase and take Leases of Lands and Hereditaments for the Formation of a Railway from Gateshead to South Shields and Monkwearmouth, all in the County Palatine of Durham, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Township of Dukinfield in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lix. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Teignmouth in the County of Devon, and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water. Ibid.

lx. An Act to enable the Carlisle Canal Company to make a Dock or Docks at Port Carlisle otherwise Fishers Cross, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to alter, amend, and extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar. 795

lxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, through the Towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to the Deptford Pier, to be called "The Deptford Pier Junction Railway." Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bristol to raise a Sum of Money towards discharging the Monies borrowed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. Page 795

lxv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act pawed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the scanty and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River. 796

lxvi. An Act for regulating, preserving, and improving the Port or Harbour of Newport in the County of Monmouth. 799

lxvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the City of Gloucester and Parishes and Places in the County of Gloucester near thereto. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for incorporating the Hungerford Market Company. 800

lxix. An Act to enable Charles Herbert Earl Manners to endow the Chapelry of Perlethorpe in the Parish of Edwinstowe in the County of Nottingham, to create the same a separate Benefice, and to vest the Nomination of the Incumbents thereof in the said Earl and his Heirs. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to provide for the better Regulation of certain Common Pastures within the Borough of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for the Improvement of the Newry Navigation. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Comities of Fermanagh, Monaghan, and Armagh in Ireland. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to improve a certain Street called King Street, in the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for improving the Approach to the Town of Newton Abbot from the City of Exeter, through the Village of Kingsteignton, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway to Dover, to be called "The Southeastern Railway." Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to North Shields in the County of Northumberland, with a Branch thereout in the County of Northumberland. 801

lxxvii. An Act for making a Railway from Cheltenham and from Gloucester, to join the Great Western Railway near Swindon, to be called "The Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway," with a Branch to Cirencester. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for making a Railway, with Branches, commencing at the London and Birmingham Railway in the Parish of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the Towns of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby, to be called "The Midland Counties Railway." Page 801

lxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Basin of the Kensington Canal at Kensington to join the London and Birmingham and Great Western Railways at or near Holsden Green in the County of Middlesex, and to be called "The Birmingham, Bristol, and Themes Junction Railway." Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for making a Railway from Kingston-upon-Hull to Selby. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for making a Railway from the City of York to and into the Township of Altofts, with various Branches of Railway, all in the West Riding of the County of York or County of the said City. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from Merthyr Tydfil to Cardiff, to be called "The Taff Vale Railway," with Branches. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the Cow-Cawsey near the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Newton Bushell, South Bovey, and Moretonhampstead in the County of Devon. 802

lxxxv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for diverting, improving, and maintaining the Roads between the Towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for more effectually maintaining the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Marlborough and Salisbury Road, and for making a Road from the same to Amesbury in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for authorizing the Trustees on the Bridges over the Clyde at Glasgow to continue, uphold, repair, and maintain the Wooden Bridge over the said River opposite to Portland Street of Laurieston; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 803

lxxxix. An Act for altering and extending the Powers of the Trustees upon the Road from Livingston by Shotts to the City of Glasgow, and placing under their Charge the Bridge across the River of Clyde called Hamilton Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, and the Road between the East and the West Ends of the Town of Hamilton. Ibid.

xc. An Act for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir. Ibid.

xci. An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Tolcross and Places adjacent in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for altering and amending several Acts passed for improving the Outfall of the River Nene and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River. Page 803

xciii. An Act for extending and improving the Maintenance of the Fire Police in the Borough of Liverpool. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for enlarging the Embankment of a Reservoir in the Valley of Wessenden in the Township of Marsden and Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for providing a more abundant and regular Supply of Water in the River called the Upper Bann, in Ireland. 804

xcvi. An Act for maintaining the Public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton, and for providing an additional Supply of Water for the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for incorporating a Company for the Improvement of Waste Lands in Ireland. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for improving the Port and Harbour of Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan, to further improve the said Harbour, and to change its Name. Ibid.

xcix. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of a Company called "The Bank of British North America" to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Company. Ibid.

c. An Act to authorize the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to apply a Portion of certain Monies already subscribed in fulfilment of their Contracts for building Six additional Steam Vessels, and to legalize such Subscription. Ibid.

ci. An Act for improving the Navigation of a Portion of the River Parrett, and for making a Navigable Canal from the said River to Barrington, all in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

cii. An Act to amend the Acts for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for making a Railway to form a Communication between London and Cambridge, with a view to its being extended hereafter to the Northern and Eastern Counties of England. 805

civ. An Act for making a Railway to join the London and Birmingham Railway at or near the Regent's Canal in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, and proceed from thence to Skinner Street in the City of London, to be called "The London Grand Junction Railway." Ibid.

cv. An Act for making a Railway from near the River Tyne to or near the River Tees, to be called "The Great North of England Railway," in the County of Durham. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for making a Railway from London to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Romford, Chelmsford, Colchester, and Ipswich, to be called "The Eastern Counties Railway." Ibid.

cvii. An Act for making a Railway from Leeds to Derby, to be called "The North Midland Railway." Ibid.

cviii. An Act for making a Railway from or near Romford in the County of Essex to Shell Haven in the same County, and for constructing a Tide Dock at the Termination of the said Railway at Shell Haven aforesaid. Page 805

cix. An Act for making a Railway from Sheffield to Rotherham, with a Branch therefrom to Greasbrough Canal, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 806

cx. An Act to enable the Hayle Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Lines of such Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for making a Railway from Manchester to Leeds. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at Herne Bay in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent; and for giving additional Powers to the Herne Bay Pier Company. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and other Works at Sidmouth in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for improving the Navigation and Harbour of Tralee in the County of Kerry. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal to connect the Rochdale Canal and the River Irwell in the Township of Manchester in the County of Lancaster. 807

cxvi. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dungleddau, within the Town and County of Haverfordwest and the Liberties thereof. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for regulating and improving the Town of Galway in the County of the same Town. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxix. An Act to enable the Liverpool Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for the Amendment of Three several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, and within the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey; and to extend the Powers thereof. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to provide a Station and other Works in the Parish of Saint Olave in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway. 808

cxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Preston to Longridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Minories to Blackwall, with Branches, to be called "The Commercial Railway." Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and Breakwaters at Tremoutha Haven in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Railway from thence to the Town of Launceston in the same County. Page 808

cxxv. An Act to amend an Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for the Improvement of the Harbour of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the said Harbour. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir. 809

cxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier Wharf and other Works at Greenwich in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead, Southward of the Metropolis, to be called "The South Metropolitan Cemetery." Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Prosecution and Extension of the Fisheries off the Shores of Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Sea Coasts in Connexion with such Fisheries. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Railways from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, and to the Shore of the Frith of Forth at or near to Newhaven and Trinity, all in the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from Dublin to Drogheda. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for building a Foot Bridge over the River Thames from Hungerford Market in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and for making suitable Approaches thereto. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge across the River Thames from Church Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to the opposite Bank of the said River near Market Street in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist within the City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex. 810

cxxxv. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Proceedings and Practice of the Court of Passage of the Borough of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpool and Liberties thereof in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to give further Power for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Liverpool. Ibid.

cxxxvi An Act for establishing Cemeteries for the Interment of the Dead, Northward, Southward, and Eastward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The London Cemetery Company." Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Reign of King George the Second, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for granting more effectual Powers for that Purpose. Page 810

cxxxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Anniesland Toll Bar to Saint George's Road, and Branch Roads therewith connected, all in the County of Lanark. 844

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardwick in the County of Cambridge. Page 845

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wootton in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orwell in the County of Cambridge, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Runcton in the County of Norfolk. 846

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alveston in the County of Gloucester, and in the Tithing of Tockington Upper in the Parish of Olveston in the same County. Ibid.

6. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Alstonefield in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parish and Manor of Godmanstone in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Stepingley in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

9. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Estate of Delvine in the County of Perth to and in favour of Sir John Muir Mackenzie Baronet, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by George Muir Esquire, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands and Estate of Cassencarie and others lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and Counties of Dumfries and Wigton in the said Sir John Muir Mackenzie, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple. Ibid.

10. An Act to authorize the Sale of One Fourth Part or Share of a certain Tenement and Farm called Limehurst, in the Parish of Ashton under Line in the County of Lancaster, late belonging to John Gartside of Haugh in the Parish of Rochdale in the said County of Lancaster, Yeoman, deceased, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 847

11. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of South Petherton in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

12. An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moray to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of certain of his Entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates. Ibid.

13. An Act to enable the Reverend James White and the Persons for the Time being entitled to certain Estates situate in the Parish of Bonchurch in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Charles Fitzmaurice Hill Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases. Ibid.

14. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for vesting the Lands and Barony of Dryden, and certain other Entailed Estates of Sir Charles Macdonald Lockhart Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed in a similar Manner; to regulate the Manner of holding the said Estates; and to grant Powers of feuing to the Heirs of Entail. Ibid.

15. An Act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Milliken in the County of Renfrew in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts affecting the said Entailed Estate, and the Debt contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the same. Ibid.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty Lands in the Parishes of Marsh Baldon and Toot Baldon in the County of Oxford. 848

17. An Act to enable the Trustees of Bowdler's Blue Coat School in Shrewsbury to effect a Sale to John Jones Esquire of Estates called Trefnant and Llanerchrochwell in the Parish of Guilsfield in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

18. An Act to enable the granting of Leases of certain Parts of the Estates and Hereditaments of which the Right Honourable Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny is seised as Tenant in Tail Male under an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the Will of George Lord Abergavenny in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned. Ibid.

19. An Act for enabling James Edward Bradshaw Esquire and others to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster, devised by the Will of John Bradshaw Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

20. An Act for consolidating the Rectories of Alford and Hornblotton in the County of Somerset, and for settling the Advowson of such consolidated Rectory; and also for rectifying a Settlement made in pursuance of the Will of the late John Thring Esquire, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, of Estates in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

21. An Act for empowering the Governors and Corporation of Etwall Hospital and Repton Free School in the County of Derby to sell certain Parts of their Estates in the same County, and to lay out the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the same Uses. Page 848

22. An Act for authorizing the Sale of a Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of John Walker Heneage Esquire and Arabella Walker Heneage, and for investing the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

23. An Act for enabling the Earl of Courtown and the Trustees of his Marriage Settlement to grant Building Leases of Part of his Settled Estates in Ireland. 849

24. An Act for confirming a certain Lease granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital, and for extending the Powers to grant Building Leases given to them by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth. Ibid.

25. An Act to explain and extend the Powers of the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh, founded by George Heriot, Jeweller to King James the Sixth. Ibid.

26. An Act for enabling Franz Anton Bernhardt to assign to a Company, and for enabling them to purchase and carry into effect the Purposes of a Patent granted to him for warming and ventilating Buildings; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

27. An Act to vest Part of the Entailed Estate of Skibo and others in the County of Sutherland in Trustees in Fee Simple, for Sale, and to raise a further Sum of Money by Loan, for the several Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

28. An Act to enable Sir John Ogilvy Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Cairnie and others, lying in the County of Forfar, to grant Feus of certain Parts thereof. Ibid.

29. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses; and for authorizing the rebuilding of certain Mills on the said devised Estates, called Copley Mills, out of the Monies to arise from such Sales, and out of Monies to be raised by Mortgage of the said devised Estates remaining unsold. Ibid.

30. An Act for authorizing a Sale of Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

31. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Lands and Estate of Dougalston and others, situated in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, which were entailed by John Glassford of Dougalston Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purpose of paying Debts and Charges affecting the Entailed Estate and of purchasing other Lands contiguous and convenient thereto. 850

32. An Act to authorize Grants and long Leases for Building Purposes of an Estate in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, being Part of the Settled Estates of the late Charles Chadwick Esquire. Page 850

33. An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement entered into by the Dean and Chapter of Worcester for enfranchising certain Lands and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Stoke Prior in the County of Worcester, and Parcel of the Manor of Stoke Prior; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

34. An Act for removing Doubts from the Title of Devisees under the Will of Eusebius Horton Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

35. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Louisa Augusta Baroness Langford to release her Husband the Right Honourable Hercules Langford Baron Langford, and his Estates in the County of Meath in Ireland, from a certain Annuity or yearly Rent-charge thereon. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

36. AN Act for naturalizing His Excellency Admiral Paul Tchitchagoff and Catherine Tchitchagoff his Daughter.

37. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Steiner.

38. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Ring.

39. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Darthez the younger.

40. An Act for naturalizing Bernhard Michaelis.

41. An Act for naturalizing Julius Focke.

42. An Act to enable Edward Hicks Gentleman to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Hicks, in compliance with the Will of the Reverend James Hicks deceased.

43. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Hodges Esquire with Clara Rebecca his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

44. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Abbotsley in the County of Huntingdon.

[Allotments to be made to Impropriator and Vicar for Glebe and Rights of Common, §33.; and for Tithes, §34.; and for Materials for Roads, §38.; and to Lords of the Manors for Right of Soil, §39. Allotment for Tithes to be fenced at the general Expence, §43. Vicar, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing of Act, §50.]

45. An Act for naturalizing James Liebreich, Herrman Julius Marcus, Edward Wurtzburg, and Lewis Heymann.

46. An Act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Steinkeller.

47. An Act for naturalizing Edward Stopford Claremont.

48. An Act for naturalizing Hermann Philipp Ree.

49. An Act for naturalizing Leopold Reiss.

50. An Act for naturalizing Johann Daniel Sonchay.

51. An Act for naturalizing Johann Jacob Schmidt.

52. An Act to authorize Dame Mary the Wife of Sir William Pilkington Baronet to bear the Surnames of Milborne and Swinnerton jointly with the Surname of Pilkington, and to be called by the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton Pilkington; and for authorizing the said Sir William Pilkington and Dame Mary his Wife to bear or quarter the Arms of Swinnerton of Butterton and Milborne; and also for authorizing the Second Son of the said Sir William Pilkington and Dame Mary his Wife, and his Issue, to assume and bear the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton in lieu of the Surname of Pilkington, and to bear or quarter the said Arms of Swinnerton of Butterton and Milborne, in compliance with a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Swinnerton Esquire, deceased.

53. An Act for naturalizing Oscar Joseph de Satge Baron de Thoren.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GULIELMI IV. Britanniarum Regis, Sexto.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Nineteenth Day of February, Anno Domini 1835, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith: And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth Day of February 1836; being the Second Session of the Twelfth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

[4th March 1836.]

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1836-7, 2,000,000l. now in the Exchequer; also any Sums paid into the Exchequer in respect of Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works, or for the Relief of Persons who sustained Losses in the West Indies; also 60,000l. to be paid by the East India Company; and any Balance paid in by the Bank of England on or before the 5th of April 1837, pursuant to 56 G. 3. c. 97.; provided that if at any Time the Balance shall be reduced to less than 100,000l., then so much of the Monies advanced by the Bank as shall be equal to the Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than 100,000l. shall be repaid.

CAP. II.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

[4th March 1836.]

2 C. 3. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

CAP. III.

An Act for vesting the Office of Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavel's in the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revalues, Works, and Buildings; and for vesting the Office of Keeper of the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

[4th March 1836.]

WHEREAS the Office of Constable of His Majesty's Castle of Saint Briavel's in His Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester, and also the Office of Keeper of His Majesty's Deer within the said Forest, are now respectively vacant: And whereas there has heretofore been and now is a certain Court in the Hundred of Saint Briavel's in the said County of Gloucester called "Saint Briavel's Court," having Jurisdiction over the whole of the said Hundred in certain Actions of Debt and Contract, and also of Trespass and on the Case, which said Court has been held in the Castle of Saint Briavel's before a Deputy appointed by the Constable of the said Castle for executing the Office of Constable of the said Castle, and is distinct from the Manor Court and Hundred Court of the said Hundred; and it is expedient that the said Office of Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavel's should be vested in the First Commissioner for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, until Provision shall be made by Parliament for abolishing or otherwise regulating the said Office and the said Court; and it is also expedient that the Office of Keeper of His Majestys Deer within the said Forest should be vested in the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, as herein-after mentioned: And whereas the said several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Office of Constable of St. Briavel's vested in the First Commissioner of Woods, Forests, &c.]

That the said Office of Constable of His Majesty's Castle of Saint Briavel's in His Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester shall be and the same is hereby vested in the First Commissioner for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and from and after the passing of this Act all the Duties of the said Office shall be performed by the said First Commissioner or his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, and for that Purpose all the Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the said Office shall become and be vested in such First Commissioner for the Time being; and every such First Commissioner for the Time being shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, by himself or his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, to perform all such Duties, and for that Purpose to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 3, 4. 3

enforce the same by all such and the like Ways, Means, Suits, and Proceedings, and do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as may be necessary in that Behalf, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said First Commissioner had been duly and legally appointed to the said Office, and was, in virtue of a legal Appointment, Constable of the said Castle of Saint Briavel's.

[The Office of Keeper of His Majesty's Deer in the Forest of Dean vested in the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Office of Keeper of His Majesty's Deer within the said Forest, and all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, and Privileges of or appertaining to the said Office, shall be and the same are vested in the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and the said Commissioners for the Time being shall, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to execute and perform all the Duties of the said Office of Keeper, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as may be necessary in that Behalf, as fully and effectually as any Keeper of the said Forest by virtue of any legal Appointment might or could have done before the passing of this Act.

[Act may be altered this Session.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed in this present Session of Parliament,

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

[18th March 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[5 & 6 W. 4. c. 81.]

intituled An Act for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege, the Punishment of Death was taken away in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege; but by reason of a clerical Error in copying the same a Doubt may be entertained whether Persons guilty of such Offences are now by Law liable to any Punishment: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[How recited Act shall be read.]

That the same Act shall be read as if, instead of the Words "in the said Act so specified," the Words "in the said Acts so specified" had been inserted in the said Act of the last Session;

[Persons convicted of Offences under the same to be punished at Discretion of the Judge.]

and that all Persons who may hereafter be duly convicted of any of the Offences mentioned in the said Act of the last Session shall and may be sentenced, by the Court or Judge by or before whom such Offenders may be tried, to Transportation for Life or for any Term of Years not less than Seven, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with or without hard Labour, and for any Period of solitary Confinement during such Imprisonment, at the Discretion of such Court or Judge.

4 C. 5. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

CAP. V.

An Act for carrying into farther Execution Two Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Compensation for Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for facilitating the Distribution and Payment of such Compensation.

[18th March 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[3 & 4 W. 4. c. 73.]

intituled An Act for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves, and for compensating the Persons hitherto entitled to the Services of such Slaves, the Lords of the Treasury were empowered to raise the Sum of Twenty Million Pounds Sterling in manner therein mentioned; and it was enacted, that the Money so raised should be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Title of "The West India Compensation Account;" and certain Commissioners of Arbitration were thereby appointed to divide and apportion the said Money among the Owners of the Slaves to be manumitted under the Provisions of the said Act; and it was thereby enacted, that a Certificate containing a List of the Names and Designation of the several Persons in whose Favour any Sum or Sums of Money should be awarded by the said Commissioners of Arbitration should be signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners of Arbitration, who should transmit the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, who should sign the same and transmit it to the Lords of the Treasury; and the Lords of the Treasury, or any Three of them, should thereupon, by Warrant under their Hands, authorize the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to pay the said Sums out of the Monies standing upon their Account in the Books of the said Bank, under the Title of "The West India Compensation Account," to the Persons named in such Certificate: And whereas by another Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[5 & 6 W. 4. c. 45.]

intituled An Act to carry into further Execution the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty, for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, after reciting that certain Claims for Compensation under the said former Act might be subject to Litigation before the said Commissioners of Arbitration, and also in the Courts of the Colonies, and that the final Settlement of such Claim might be postponed to a distant Period, it was enacted, that in all such Cases the Lords of the Treasury might direct the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to pay over into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in Trust for the Purposes therein-after mentioned, all such Sums of Money as should from Time to Time be certified by the said Commissioners of Arbitration, according to the Provisions of the said Act, to be the Subject of any Suit in any of the said Courts of

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 5. 5

any of the said Colonies respectively, or of any Claim before the said Commissioners against which any counter Claim should have been filed, and such Sums should be carried to new Accounts in the Books of the said Bank of England, under the Title of "The litigated West Indian Compensation Account of the Court of Chancery," or "The litigated West Indian Compensation Account of the Court of Exchequer," as the Case might be; and such Monies when so paid in should be placed to the Account of the Number of the Claim as stated and specified in the said Certificate of the said Commissioners; and such Monies, and the half-yearly Dividends arising from the Investments thereof, and also the Dividends on all future Investments, as they should arise and become due, should be invested from Time to Time by the said Accountants General in their Names respectively, under the Authority of the said Act, in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to the said respective Accounts; and the said Bank Annuities purchased with the said Compensation Monies so invested as aforesaid, and the said Accumulations, should be paid and transferred to the Person or Persons to whom the same should be directed to be paid or transferred by any Adjudication or Award of the said Commissioners of Arbitration, duly certified according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, or by the Decree, Order, or Judgment of the Court in the Colony made in the said Suit there depending, or any Court of Appeal: And whereas large Sums of Money certified by the said Commissioners of Arbitration, in pursuance of the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act, to be the Subject of Litigation before them or in the Courts of the several Colonies, have been invested by the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act, and farther Sums may be in like Manner invested in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and it is expedient to enlarge the Powers of the said Commissioners of Arbitration, and of the said Courts, and of the said Accountants General respectively, as to the Sums so invested: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners of Arbitration, or Colonial Courts, or Court of Appeal may award or decree Compensation to be made in Money or in Stock.]

That in all Cases wherein Claims for Compensation under the Provisions of the before-recited Acts shall have been the Subject of Litigation before the said Commissioners of Arbitration, or in the Courts of the several Colonies, or in any Court of Appeal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and the said Courts respectively, and they are hereby authorized, if they shall think fit, in making their Awards or Decrees in respect of such litigated Claims for Compensation, to award or decree, as the Case may be, that the Whole or any Part of the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased or to be purchased by the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and standing to the Credit of the Number of the Claim as stated and specified in the Certificate of the said Commissioners, with or without all or any Part of the Accumulations arising from the

6 C. 5. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Investment thereof, or such Portion or Portions of the said Bank Annuities as may be equivalent to any Sum or Sums of Money to which the Parties may be declared entitled by the Awards or Decrees aforesaid, shall and may be transferred to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Award or Decree may be made, or otherwise as by such Award or Decree may be directed; or it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Arbitration, and the Courts of the several Colonies, and the said Courts of Appeal respectively, if they shall think proper so to do, to award or decree that any Sum or Sums of Money shall and may be raised by the Sale of the said Bank Annuities or a competent Part thereof, and be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Award or Decree may be made, or otherwise as by such Award or Decree may be directed; any thing in the said recited Acts, or in the general Rules framed by the said Commissioners of Arbitration under the said Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Accountants General in Chancery and Exchequer to sell Stock and pay Proceeds, or transfer the Stock accordingly.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and for the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in all Cases where any such Award or Decree as aforesaid shall be made directing the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised by Sale of all or any Part of the said Bank Annuities, to sell the said Bank Annuities so standing in their Names respectively in the Books of the Bank of England, and appertaining to the Account of the particular Number of the Claim to which the said Award, Decree, Order, or Judgment shall apply, with or without the Accumulations thereon, as the Case may be, or such Portion or Portions thereof as it may be necessary or proper to sell for the Purpose of raising the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or decreed as aforesaid, and to pay the net Proceeds arising from such Sale to the Party or Parties authorized to receive the same; and in Cases where such Award or Decree shall be made for the Transfer of Stock, it shall be lawful for the said Accountants General respectively to transfer the said Bank Annuities standing to the Account of the particular Number of the Claim to which such Award or Decree may apply, or any Portion or Portions thereof, with or without the Accumulations thereon, as the Case may be, to the Party or Parties legally entitled to the same, in satisfaction of any such Award or Decree so made for the Transfer of Stock as aforesaid; and in case any Award or Decree as aforesaid shall direct and require the Transfer of such Amount of the said Bank Annuities as may be equivalent to any Sum or Sums of Money specified in such Award or Decree, the Amount of the said Bank Annuities so to be transferred as equivalent to and in satisfaction of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be calculated and ascertained by the said Accountant General respectively, according to the Average Price of the said Bank Annuities on the Day on which the said Award or Decree shall bear Date; anything in the said recited Acts, or in the general Rules framed by the said Commissioners of Arbitration under the said Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Compensation Monies in respect of litigated claims in]

III. And whereas, in conformity with the before-recited Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of One million seven hundred and thirty-four

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 5. 7

[Barbadoes may be transferred to the Accountant General in Chancery or to the Accountant General in Exchequer; ]

thousand three hundred and fifty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven-pence Capital of Reduced Annuities, bearing Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, has been placed to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in order to provide for the Payment of the several Sums which may be awarded to the several Persons in the Colony of Barbadoes entitled to Compensation under the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign: And whereas the Claims for Compensation of some of the Persons in the said Colony of Barbadoes may become the Subject of counter Claim or Litigation before the said Commissioners of Arbitration, or in the Courts of the said Colony, or in any Court of Appeal; and it is expedient that Power should be given to transfer the Amount of such litigated Claims to the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to abide the final Settlement of such Claims: be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to direct the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt from Time to Time to transfer or cause to be transferred into the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank of England, such Portion or Portions of the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities, standing to the Credit of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the said Bank of England, under the Title of "The Compensation Account of the Colony of Barbadoes," as shall appertain to any Claims which may from Time to Time be certified by the said Commissioners of Arbitration to be the Subject of any counter Claim before them, or of any Suits in the Courts of the said Colony of Barbadoes, or in any Court of Appeal, and to direct the Payment, to the Account of the said Accountants General respectively at the Bank of England, by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Amount of any Interest that may have accrued and become due upon any such Claims previously to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, from which Time the Interest on the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Reduced Annuities is to commence and be payable;

[who may invest the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom.]

and it shall be lawful for the said Accountants General respectively to invest the Amount of any such Interest in the like Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Reduced Annuities, and also to invest therein the future half-yearly Dividends arising from such Reduced Annuities as the same shall arise and become due; and all such Reduced Annuities so transferred to or purchased by the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer may be held by them respectively, in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Trust for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and shall be liable to such and the Kke Provisions in respect to the Sale and Payment of the Proceeds thereof or to the Transfer thereof by the said Accountants General

8 C. 5. 6 & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

respectively, so far as regards the Claims to Compensation arising in the said Colony of Barbadoes, as the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities are subject and liable to in respect of litigated Claims in the several other Colonies.

[Accountants General in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer may act by Deputy.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to appoint a fit and proper Person to do and perform all or any of the Duties imposed upon the said Accountants General respectively by this Act; and that the Acts of the said Deputy shall be as valid and effectual for all Purposes under this Act as if the same had been done by the said Accountants General themselves respectively.

[Powers of Attorney already given to receive Payment in Money from Commissioners of National Debt to be equally valid to receive Payment in Money or Stock from the Accountants General in Chancery and Exchequer, aa well as the said Commissioners; ]

V. And whereas numerous Powers of Attorney have been executed by Parties resident in the several Colonies who are entitled to Compensation under the said recited Acts, constituting the Persons named therein their lawful Attornies to receive Payment from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Monies standing upon their Account in the Books of the Bank of England under the Title of "The West India Compensation Account," of such Sum or Sums of Money as may be awarded to them from Time to Time under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to give Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, and to do all lawful Acts requisite for effecting the Premises: And whereas by the Operation of the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign and of this Act certain Proportions of the said Compensation Monies have been and will be invested in certain Bank Annuities in the Name and to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, respectively: and it is expedient that any Attorney or Attornies so constituted as aforesaid should be empowered to receive Transfer of such Bank Annuities or Payments in Money from the said Accountants General as well as from the said Commissioners; be it therefore enacted, That all Powers of Attorney which shall have been executed in the Manner before mentioned by any Persons whatsoever entitled to Compensation under the said recited Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or which may be so executed after the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and for all Purposes in respect of the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money or of any Bank Annuities from the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and also in respect of the Receipt of any Bank Annuities from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as such Powers of Attorney have been and would be in respect of the Receipt of Money from the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt;

[and Accountants General authorized to pay Money or transfer Stock]

and the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer respectively are hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money or to transfer any Bank Annuities or Portions thereof, and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 5. 9

[to the Persons mentioned in such Powers of Attorney.]

the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby authorized and required to transfer any Bank Annuities or Portions thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned and described in the said Powers of Attorney, in satisfaction and in pursuance of any Award or Decree made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in like Manner as the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt have already acted upon such Powers of Attorney in respect of the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money awarded under the said recited Acts.

[Letters of Attorney for the Receipt of Compensation under 20l. exempted from Stamp Duty, and Persons indemnified far acting upon such Letters of Attorney unstamped.]

VI. And whereas it is expedient that Persons entitled to Compensation under the said recited Acts should be relieved from the Payment of Stamp Duty on their Letters or Powers of Attorney to receive such Compensation where the Sums to be received are of small Amount, and that all Persons who have acted or shall hereafter act upon or under the Authority contained in any such Letters or Powers of Attorney should be absolved and indemnified from and against all Penalties and Liabilities incurred by reason of such Letters or Powers of Attorney not being duly stamped; be it therefore enacted, That all Letters or Powers of Attorney heretofore made and executed, or which shall be hereafter made and executed, for the Purpose of authorizing the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money as or for Compensation awarded under the said recited Acts, where the Sum or Sums received or to be received under the Authority of such Letters or Powers of Attorney respectively do not amount to Twenty Pounds, shall be and the same are hereby exempted from all Stamp Duty; and all Persons who at any Time heretofore have paid or received, or shall at any Time hereafter pay or receive, any Sum or Sums of Money not amounting to Twenty Pounds in each Case, upon or under the Authority contained in any such Letters or Powers of Attorney respectively, shall be and such Persons are hereby absolved and indemnified from and against all Penalties, Losses, and Liabilities incurred or sustained or to be incurred or sustained by reason of such Letters or Powers of Attorney not being duly stamped.

[Comptroller General acting under Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt may take and receive Declarations.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller General, or other Officer appointed by and acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, shall, for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of the raid recited Acts or this Act, deem it necessary and require that some Evidence should be given of the Identity of the Party named in any Letter of Attorney, or as to the Truth of any Matter contained in or necessary for the Explanation of such Letter of Attorney, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller General, or such other Officer employed under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as may be especially nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners for this Purpose, or to and for the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery or the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to take and receive the Declaration of any Person or Persons competent to give such Evidence as aforesaid, and such Declaration shall be

10 C. 5. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

made in the Form and Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.]

intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled 'An Act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various Departments of the State, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof, and far the more entire Suppression of voluntary and extra-judicial Oath and Affidavits; and to make other Provisions far the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

[Making false Declarations a Misdemeanor.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall wilfully and corruptly make and subscribe any such Declaration, knowing the same to be untrue in any material Particular, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

[All Acts already done in accordance with this Act declared valid.]

IX. And whereas, in order to prevent the great Inconvenience and Loss which would have resulted to many of the Claimants for Compensation under the said recited Acts, and to other Persons interested therein, some of the Provisions herein-before contained have already been acted upon be it therefore enacted, That all the Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever which have been already done and performed in accordance with any of the Provisions of this Act by the said Commissioners of Arbitration, the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, or any or either of them, or by the several Officers acting under them respectively, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and performed expressly under the Sanction of this Act;

[Indemnification to Parties for any thing already done or which shall be done under its Provisions.]

and the said Commissioners of Arbitration, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, shall be and they are jointly and severally hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings whatsoever for or on account or in respect of all or any Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever already done and performed by them or any of them, or by their respective Officers, in accordance with the Provisions of this Act, or for or on account or in respect of any Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever which shall be hereafter done and performed by them or any of them in carrying into execution the Provisions of this Act, or in acting under the same; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, shall not be held or taken to be responsible for or liable to make good any Payment of Money or Transfer of Bank Annuities already made in accordance with this Act, or which shall hereafter be made under the Provisions thereof, unless the same shall have been occasioned by the wilful Negligence or Default of the said Commissioners or of the said Accountants General respectively:

[Treasury may make further Regulations for Payment of Compensation.]

Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to make such further Regulations as they may from Time to Time think necessary and proper for the Purpose of

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 5. 11

carrying the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act, so far as regards the Distribution and Payment of the said Compensation Monies, into effect, and for facilitating such Distribution and Payment in the Manner therein provided for.

[Commissioners of Arbitration may award Costs to be paid to Parties establishing Claims to Compensation by Parties opposing such Claims.]

X. And be it further enacted, That upon every contested Claim or counter Claim heard before the said Commissioners of Arbitration, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Arbitration to award to the Party in whose Favour their Adjudication on such Claim or counter Claim is made the Costs out of Purse incurred by such Party in the Prosecution or Defence and Hearing of such contested Claim or counter Claim, and to be paid to such Party by the several Persons who by their Claim or counter Claim may have opposed the Right, Title, or Demand established by such Adjudication, or by such of those Persons as to the said Commissioners may seem right; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall thereupon give to the Party in whose Favour such Award of Costs shall be made their Certificate under their Hands, certifying the Award of such Costs, and the Person or Persons to and by whom the same are to be paid;

[Mode of recovering such Costs.]

and upon the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of due Notice having been given to the Person or Persons by whom such Costs shall be awarded to be paid, the said Costs shall be taxed by a Master of the High Court of Chancery or by the Master of the Court of Kings Bench, which said Certificate and Taxation shall have the Force and Effect of a Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster; and if the Person or Persons by whom such Costs shall be awarded to be paid or who shall be liable to pay the same shall neglect or refuse to pay the Amount so taxed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded to be paid to file the said Certificate and Taxation signed by the Master, with an Affidavit verifying the same, in any of the said Courts, and the Court wherein the same shall be filed is hereby authorized, upon Motion made to the said Court, and on being satisfied of the Truth of the said Affidavit, to order Judgment to be entered up for the Sum specified in such Taxation for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded to be paid.

[Claimants withdrawing Claim 28 Days before the Hearing not liable to Costs.]

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Arbitration to award Costs against any Person or Persons who shall have withdrawn his, her, or their Claim or counter Claim Twenty-eight Days before the Day appointed by the said Commissioners for hearing the Matter of such Claim or counter Claim.

[Appellants to Judicial Committee of the Privy Council to give Security for Payment of Costs.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Appeals to His Majesty in Council from any Adjudication of the said Commissioners of Arbitration, the Parties Appellant shall within Eight Days after such Appeal has been lodged with the Clerk of the Council give Security to the said Clerk of the Council, by Recognizance to be entered into to His Majesty, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, conditioned to pay such Costs to the Respondent appealed against as the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shall appoint in case the Adjudication appealed from shall be affirmed; and if the Appellant or Appellants shall neglect to give

12 C. 5, 6. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

such Security within the Time aforesaid the Appeal from thenceforth shall be and stand dismissed.

[Judicial Committee may award Costs, &c.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shall have the like Powers to award Costs, and direct the Taxation thereof, in respect of such Appeals as aforesaid, as are given to the said Judicial Committee of the Privy Council by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intitule

[3&4 W. 4. c. 41.]

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council.

[Act maybe altered this Session.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part thereof may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament

CAP. VI.

An Act for carrying into effect a Treaty made between His Majesty and the Queen Regent of Spain for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[30th March 1836.]

WHEREAS a Treaty was, on the Twenty-eighth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, concluded between His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Queen Regent of Spain, during the Minority of her Daughter Donna Isabella the Second, Queen of Spain, whereby it was agreed as follows:-

Article I. The Slave Trade is hereby again declared, on the Part of Spain, to be henceforward totally and finally abolished in all Parts of the World.

Article II. Her Majesty the Queen Regent of Spain, during the Minority of her Daughter Donna Isabella the Second, hereby engages, that immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, and from Time to Time afterwards, as it may become needful, Her Majesty will take the most effectual Measures for preventing the Subjects of Her Catholic Majesty from being concerned, and her Flag from being used, in carrying on in any way the Trade in Slaves; and especially that, within Two Months after the said Exchange, she will promulgate throughout the Dominions of Her Catholic Majesty a Penal Law, inflicting a severe Punishment on all those Her Catholic Majesty's Subjects who shall, under any Pretext whatsoever, take any Part whatever in the Traffic in Slaves.

Article III. The Captain, Master, Pilot, and Crew of a Vessel condemned as good Prize by virtue of the Stipulations of this Treaty shall be severely punished according to the Laws of the Country of which they are Subjects, as also the Owner of the said condemned Vessel, unless he proves that he had no Participation in the Enterprize.

Article IV. In order more completely to prevent all Infringement of the Spirit of the present Treaty, the Two High Contracting Parties mutually consent that those Ships of their Royal Navies respectively which shall be provided

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 13

with special Instructions for that Purpose, as herein-after mentioned, may visit such Merchant Vessels of the Two Nations as may upon reasonable Grounds be suspected of being engaged in the Traffic in Slaves, or of having been fitted out for that Purpose, or of having, during the Voyage on which they are met by the said Cruizers, been engaged in the Traffic in Slaves, contrary to the Provisions of this Treaty; and that such Cruizers may detain and send or carry away such Vessels, in order that they may be brought to Trial in the Manner herein-after agreed upon.

In order to fix the reciprocal Right of Search in such a Manner as shall be adapted to the Attainment of the Object of this Treaty, and at the same Time avoid Doubts, Disputes, and Complaints, the said Right of Search shall be understood in the fc Form and according to the Rules following:-

1°. It shall never be exercised except by Vessels of War authorized expressly for that Object, according to the Stipulations of this Treaty.

2°. In no Case shall the Right of Search be exercised with respect to a Vessel of the Royal Navy of either of the Two Powers, but only as regards Merchant Vessels.

3°. Whenever a Merchant Vessel is searched by a Ship of War the Commander of the said Ship shall, in the Act of so doing, exhibit to the Commander of the Merchant Vessel the Document by which he is duly authorized to that End, and shall deliver to him a Certificate, signed by him, stating his Rank in the Naval Service of his Country, and the Name of the Vessel he commands; and which also declares that the only Object of the Search is to ascertain whether the Vessel is employed in the Slave Traffic, or if it is fitted up for the said Traffic: When the Search is made by an Officer of the Cruizer who is not the Commander, the said Officer shall exhibit to the Captain of the Merchant Vessel a Copy of the beforementioned special Orders, signed by the Commander of the Cruizer, and shall in like Manner deliver a Certificate, signed by him, stating his Rank in the Royal Navy, the Name of the Commander by whose Orders he proceeds to make the Search, that of the Cruizer in which he sails, and the Object of the Search, as has been already laid down: If it appears from the Search that the Papers of the Vessel are in regular Order, and that it is employed on licit Objects, the Officer shall enter in the Log Book of the Vessel that the Search has been made in pursuance of the aforesaid especial Orders, and the Vessel shall be left at liberty to pursue its Voyage. The Rank of the Officer who makes the Search must not be less than that of Lieutenant of the Royal Navy, unless the Command, either by reason of Death or other Cause, is at the Time held by an Officer of inferior Rank.

4°. The reciprocal Right of Search and Detention shall not be exercised within the Mediterranean Sea, or within the Seas in Europe lying without the Streights of Gibratar

14 C. 6. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and which lie to the Northward of the Thirty-seventh Parallel of North Latitude, and also within and to the Eastward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich,

Article V. - In order to regulate the Mode of carrying the Provisions of the preceding Article into execution, it is agreed:-

1°. That all the Ships of the Royal Navies of the Two Nations which shall be hereafter employed to prevent the Traffic in Slaves shall be furnished by their respective Governments with a Copy in the English and Spanish Languages of the present Treaty, of the Instructions for Cruizers annexed thereto, marked (A.) , and of the Regulations for the Mixed Courts of Justice annexed thereto, marked (B.); which Annexes respectively shall be considered as integral Parts of the Treaty.

2°. That each of the High Contracting Parties shall from Time to Time communicate to the other the Names of the several Ships furnished with such Instructions, the Force of each, and the Names of their several Commanders: The said Commanders ought to hold the Rank of Captain in the Royal Navy, or at least of Lieutenant, it being nevertheless understood that the Instructions originally issued to an Officer holding the Rank of Lieutenant in the Navy, or other superior Rank, shall be sufficient, in case of Death or temporary Absence of the same, to authorize the Officer on whom the Command of the Vessel has devolved to make the Search although the said Officer may not hold the aforesaid Rank in the Service.

3°. That if at any time the Commander of a Cruizer of either of the Two Nations shall suspect that any Merchant Vessel under the Escort or Convoy of any Ship or Ships of War of the other Nation carries Slaves on board, or has been engaged in the Traffic in Slaves, or is fitted out for the Purpose thereof, the said Commander of the Cruizer shall communicate his Suspicions to the Commander of the Convoy, who, accompanied by the Commander of the Cruizer, shall proceed to the Search of the suspected Vessel; and in case that the Suspicions appear well founded according to the Tenor of this Treaty, then the said Vessel shall be conducted or sent to one of the Points where the Mixed Courts of Justice are stationed, in order that the just Sentence may there be pronounced.

4°. It is further mutually agreed, that the Commanders of the Ships of the Two Royal Navies respectively who shall be employed on this Service shall adhere strictly to the exact Tenor of the aforesaid Instructions.

Article VI. - As the Two preceding Articles are entirely reciprocal, the Two High Contracting Parties engage mutually to make good any Losses which their respective Subjects may incur by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their Vessels; it being understood that this Indemnity shall be borne by the Government whose Cruizer shall have been

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 15

guilty of such arbitrary and illegal Detention, and that the Visit and Detention of Vessels specified in the Fourth Article of this Treaty shall only be effected by those British or Spanish Ships which may form Part of the Two Royal Navies respectively, and by such of those Ships only as are provided with the special Instructions annexed to the present Treaty, in pursuance of the Provisions thereof. The Indemnification for the Damages of which this Article treats shall be made within the Term of One Year, reckoning from the Day in which the Mixed Court of Justice pronounces its Sentence.

---

Article VII. In order to bring to Adjudication, with as little Delay and Inconvenience as possible, the Vessel which may be detained according to the Tenor of the Fourth Article of this Treaty, there shall be established, as soon as may be practicable, Two Mixed Courts of Justice, formed of an equal Number of Individuals of the Two Nations, and named for this Purpose by their respective Sovereigns. These Courts shall reside, the one in a Possession belonging to His Britannic Majesty, the other within the Territories of Her Catholic Majesty; and at the Period of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty the Two Governments shall declare, each for its own Dominions, in what Place these Courts shall respectively reside.

But each of the Two High Contracting Parties reserves to itself the Right of changing at its Pleasure the Place of Residence of the Court held within its own Dominions: Provided always, that one of the Two Courts shall always be held upon the Coast of Africa, and the other in one of the Colonial Possessions of Her Catholic Majesty.

These Courts, from which there shall be no Appeal, shall judge the Causes submitted to them according to the Provisions of the present Treaty, and according to the Regulations and Instructions which are annexed to the present Treaty, and which are considered an integral Part thereof.

Article VIII. It is hereby agreed between the High Contracting Parties, that the Mixed Commissions which are at present established and sitting under the Convention concluded between Great Britain and Spain on the Twentythird Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen shall continue to sit, and shall during Two Months, to be reckoned from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, and until the further Appointment and definitive Establishment of the Mixed Courts of Justice under the present Treaty, adjudge without Appeal, according to the 1 Principles and Stipulations of the same, and of the several Annexes thereof, the Cases of such Vessels as may be sent or brought before them; and any Vacancies which may occur in such Mixed Commissions shall be filled up in the same Manner in which Vacancies of the Mixed Courts of Justice to be established under the Provisions of this Treaty are to be supplied.

.6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Article IX. In case the Commanding Officer of any of the Ships of the Royal Navies of Great Britain and Spain respectively, duly commissioned according to the Provisions of the Fourth Article of this Treaty, shall deviate in any respect from the Stipulations of the said Treaty, or from the Instructions annexed to it, the Government which shall conceive itself to be wronged thereby shall be entitled to demand Reparation; and in each Case the Government to which such Commanding Officer may belong binds himself to cause Inquiry to be made into the Subject of the Complaint, and to inflict upon the said Officer a Punishment proportioned to any wilful Transgression which he may have committed.

Article X. It is hereby further mutually agreed, that every Merchant Vessel, British or Spanish, which shall be visited by virtue of the present Treaty, may lawfully be detained and sent or brought before die Mixed Courts of Justice established in pursuance of the Provisions thereof if in her Equipment there shall be found any of the Things herein-after mentioned; (namely,)

4 1°. Hatches with open Gratings, instead of the close Hatches which are usual in Merchant Vessels.

4 2°. Divisions or Bulk Heads in the Hold or on Deck in greater Number than necessary for Vessels engaged in lawful Trade.

4 S°. Spare Planks fitted for laying down as a Second or | 4 Slave Deck.

4 4°. Shackles, Bolts, or Handcuffs.

4 5°. A larger Quantity of Water in Casks or in Tanks than is requisite for the Consumption of the Crew of the Vessel as a Merchant Vessel

4 6°. An extraordinary Number of Water Casks, or of other Vessels for holding Liquid, unless the Master shall produce a Certificate from the Custom House at the Place from which he cleared Outwards, stating that a sufficient Security had been given by the Owners of such Vessel that such extra Quantity of Casks or of other Vessels should only be used to hold Palm Oil, or for other Purposes of lawful Commerce.

4 7°. A greater Quantity of Mess Tubs or Kids than are requisite for the Use of the Crew of the Vessel as a Merchant Vessel.

4 8°. A Boiler of an unusual Size, and larger than requisite for the Use of the Crew of the Vessel as a Merchant Vessel or more than One Boiler of the ordinary Size.

4 9°. An extraordinary Quantity either of Rice, of the Flour of Brazil, Manive or Cassada, commonly called Farinha, of Maize or of Indian Corn, beyond what might properly be requisite for the Use of the Crew; such Rice, Flour, Maize, or Indian Com not being entered on the Manifest as Part of the Cargo for Trade.

Any One or more of these several Circumstances, if proved,

shall be considered as primd facie Evidence of the actual 11 Employment

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 17

4 Employment of the Vessel in the Slave Trade, and the Vessel shall thereupon be condemned and declared lawful Prize,

unless satisfactory Evidence upon the Part of the Master or Owners shall establish that such Vessel was at the Time of her Detention or Capture employed in some legal Pursuit Article XI.-If any of the Things specified in the preceding Article shall be found in any Merchant Vessel,

neither the Master nor Owner, nor any Person whatever interested in her Equipment or Cargo, shall be entitled to Compensation for Losses or Damages, even though the Mixed Courts of Justice should not pronounce any Sentence of Condemnation in consequence of her Detention; but the same Tribunal shall be authorized to pay out of the Prize Fund, if they shall think it in Equity required, some Sum of Money proportionate to the Demurrage suffered, and ao cording to the Circumstances of the Case.

Article XII.-It is agreed between the Two High Contracting Parties, that in all Cases in which a Vessel shall be detained under this Treaty by their respective Cruizers 1 as having been engaged in the Slave Trade, or as having been fitted out for the Purposes thereof, and shall consequently be adjudged and condemned by the Mixed Courts of Justice to be established as aforesaid, the said Vessel shall immediately after its Condemnation be broken up entirely, and shall be sold in separate Parts after having been so broken up.

Article XIII. The Negroes who are found on board of a Vessel detained by a Cruizer, and condemned by the Mixed Courts of Justice, in conformity with the Stipuladons of this Treaty, shall be placed at the Disposition of the Government whose Cruizer has made the Capture, but on the Understanding that not only they shall be immediately put at liberty and kept free, the Government to whom they have been delivered guaranteeing the same, but likewise engaging to afford from Time to Time, and whenever demanded by the other High Contracting Parties, the fullest Information as to the State and Condition of such Negroes, 4 with a View of ensuring the due Execution of the Treaty in this respect For this Purpose the Regulations annexed to this Treaty tub literd (C.) , as to the Treatment of Negroes liberated by Sentence of the Mixed Courts of Justice, have been drawn 4 up, and are declared to form an integral Part of this Treaty.

4 The Two High Contracting Parties reserve to themselves the Right to alter or suspend, by common Consent and mutual Agreement, but not otherwise, the Terms and Tenor of such Regulations.

Article XIV.- The Acts or Instruments annexed to this Treaty, and which it is mutually agreed shall form an integral Part thereof, are as follows:-

4 (A.) Instructions for the Ships of the Royal Navies of both Nations destined to prevent the Traffic in Slaves.

fB.) Regulations for the Mixed Courts of Justice, 4 winch are to hold their Sittings on the Coast of Africar 6 & 7 Gul. IV. C 'and

18 C. 6. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and in one of the Colonial Possessions of Her Catholic Majesty.

4 (C.) Regulations as to the Treatment of liberated Negroes.

Article XV. The present Treaty, consisting of Fifteen

Articles, shall be ratified, and the Ratifications thereof ' exchanged within the Space of Two Months from this Date,

or sooner, if possible.

4 In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have ' signed in Duplicate Two Originals, English and Spanish. 1 the present Treaty, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of their Arms.

4 Madrid, this Tw enty-eighth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4 George Villiers. (l.s.)

4 Francisco Martinez de la Rosa. (l.s.)

Annex (A.)

1 To the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, of the Twenty-eighth of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4 Instructions for the Ships of the British and Spanish Royal Navies employed to prevent the Traffic in Slaves,

Article I.- The Commander of any Ship belonging to the Royal British or Spanish Navy, which shall be furnished with these Instructions, shall have a Right to search and detain any British or Spanish Merchant Vessel which shall be actually engaged or suspected to be engaged in the Slave Trade, or to be fitted out for the Purposes thereof, or to have been engaged in the Traffic in Slaves during the Voyage in which she may be met with by such Ship of the British or Spanish Navy; and such Commander shall thereupon bring or send such Merchant Vessel as soon as possible for Judgment before that one of the Two Mixed Courts of Justice established in virtue of the Seventh Article of the said Treaty which shall be the nearest to the Place of Detention, or which such Commander shall upon his own Responsibility think can be soonest reached from such Place.

Article II.- Whenever a Ship of either of the Royal Navies, duly authorized as aforesaid, shall meet a Merchant Vessel liable to be visited under the Provisions of the said Treaty, the Search shall be conducted in the mildest Manner, and with every Attention which ought to be observed between allied and friendly Nations; and the Search shall in all Cases be made by an Officer holding a 4 Rank not lower than that of Lieutenant in the Navies of Great Britain and Spain respectively, or by the Officer who at the Time shall be Second in Command of the Ship by which such Search is made.

Article III.- The Commander of any Ship of the Royal Navies, duly authorized as aforesaid, who may detain any

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. 19

4 Merchant Vessel in pursuance of the Tenor of the present

Instructions, shall leave on board the Vessel so detained the Master, the Mate, or Boatswain, and Two or Three at least of the Crew thereof, the whole of the Slaves, if any,

and all the Cargo; the Captor shall, at the Time of Detention, draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Vessel, such Declaration to be signed by himself, and to be given in or sent, together with the captured Vessel, to the Mixed Court of Justice before which such Vessel shall be carried or sent for Adjudication. He shall deliver to the Master of the detained Vessel a signed Certificate of the 1 Papers seized on board the same, as well as of the Number of Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention.

4 In the authenticated Declaration which the Captor is hereby required to make, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, he shall insert his own Name and Surname, the Name of the capturing Ship, the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall have taken place, and the Number of Slaves found on board of the Vessel at the Time of the Detention.

4 The Officer in charge of the Vessel detained shall, at the Time of bringing the Vessel's Papers into the Mixed Court of Justice, deliver into the Court a Paper, signed by himself and verified on Oath, stating the Changes which have taken place in respect to the Vessel, her Crew, the Slaves, if any, and her Cargo, between the Period of her Detention and the Time of delivering in such Paper.

Article IV.- The Slaves shall not be disembarked until after the Vessel which contains them shall have arrived at the Place of Adjudication, in order that, in the event of the Vessel not being adjudged legal Prize, the Loss of the Proprietors may be more easily repaired; and even after the Arrival of the Slaves at such Place they are not to be landed without the Permission of the Mixed Court of Justice.

But if urgent Reasons, arising from the Length of the Voyage, from the State of Health of the Slaves, or from any other Causes, should require that either the Whole or a 4 Portion of the Negroes should be disembarked before the Vessel can arrive at the Place at which one of the said Courts is established, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take upon himself the Responsibility of so disembarking the Negroes; provided that the Necessity of the Disembarkation and the Causes thereof be stated in a Certificate in proper Form, and provided that this Certificate shall be drawn up and entered at the Time on the Log Book of the detained Vessel.

4 The undersigned Plenipotentiaries have agreed, in conformity with the Fourteenth Article of the Treaty, signed by them on this Day the Twrenty-eighth of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, that the present Instructions shall be annexed to the said Treaty, and be considered an integral Part thereof.

4 This

20

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

This Day the Twenty-eighth of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

George Villiers. (l. s.)

4 Francisco Martinez de la Rosa. (l. s.)

Annex (B.)

"To the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, of the Twenty-eighth of c June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4 Regulations for the Mixed Courts of Justice which are to 6 reside on the Coast of Africa, and in a Colonial Possession of Her Catholic Majesty.

Article L-The Mixed Courts of Justice to be established under the Provisions of the Treaty, of which these Regulations are declared to be an integral Part, shall be composed in the following Manner:-

The Two High Contracting Parties shall each of them name a Judge and an Arbitrator, who shall be authorized to hear and to decide, without Appeal, all Cases of Capture or Detention of Vessels which, in pursuance of the Stipulations of the aforesaid Treaty, shall be brought before ' them.

The Judges and the Arbitrators shall, before they enter ' upon the Duties of their Office, respectively make Oath before the principal Magistrate of the Place in which such Courts respectively shall reside that they will judge fairly

and faithfully, that they will have no Preference either for the Claimant or for the Captors, and that they will act in all their Decisions in pursuance of the Stipulations of the aforesaid Treaty.

There shall be attached to each of such Courts a Secretary or Registrar, who shall be appointed by the Sovereign in ' whose Territories such Court shall reside.

4 Such Secretary or Registrar shall register all the Acts of such Court, and shall, before he enters upon his Office, make Oath before the Court to which he is appointed that he will conduct himself with due Respect for its Authority, and will act with Fidelity and Impartiality in all Matters re-

dating to his said Office.

The Salary of the Secretary or Registrar of the Court to be established on the Coast of Africa shall be paid by His 4 Britannic Majesty, and that of the Secretary or Registrar of the Court to be established in the Colonial Possessions of Spain shall be paid by Her Catholic Majesty.

4 Each of the Two Governments shall defray Half of the Aggregate Amount of the Expences of such Courts.

Article II.- The Expences incurred by the Officer

charged with the Reception, Maintenance and Care of the detained Vessel, Slaves, and Cargo, and with the Execution ' of the Sentence, and all Disbursements occasioned by bring-

ing a Vessel to Adjudication, shall, in case of Condemnation, 4 be defrayed from the Funds arising out of the Sale of the Materials of the Vessel after the Vessel shall have, been

broken

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 8.

21

broken up, of the Ship's Stores, and of such Parts of the Cargo as shall consist of Merchandize; and in case the Proceeds arising out of this Sale should not prove sufficient to defray such Expences, the Deficiency shall be made good by the Government of the Country within whose Territories the Adjudication shall have taken place.

4 If the detained Vessel shall be released, the Expences. 4 occasioned by bringing her to Adjudication shall be defrayed by the Captors, except the Cases specified and otherwise provided for under Article the XIth of the Treaty to which these Regulations form an Annex, and under Article the VIIth of these Regulations.

Article III.- The Mixed Courts of Justice are to decide upon the Legality of the Detention of such Vessels as the Cruizers of either Nation shall in pursuance of the said Treaty detain.

4 These Courts shall adjudge definitively, and without Appeal, all Questions which shall arise out of the Capture and Detention of such Vessels.

4 The Proceedings of these Courts shall take place as summanly as possible; and for this Purpose the Courts are required to decide each Case, as far as may be practicable,

within the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from the Day on which the detained Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where the deciding Court shall reside.

4 The final Sentence shall not in any Case be delayed beyond the Period of Two Months, whether on account of the Absence of Witnesses or for any other Cause, except upon the Application of any of the Parties interested; but in that Case, upon such Party or Parties giving satisfactory Security that they will take upon themselves the Expence and Risk of the Delay, the Courts may, at their Discretion, grant an additional Delay not exceeding Four Months.

4 Either Party shall be allowed to employ such Counsel as he may think fit to assist him in the Conduct of his Cause.

All the Acts and essential Parts of the Proceedings of the said Courts shall be written down in the Language of the Country in which the Courts shall respectively reside.

Article IV.-'The Form of Process, or Mode of proceeding to Judgment, shall be as follows:-

4 The Judges appointed by the Two Nations respectively shall, in the first place, proceed to examine the Papers of the detained Vessel, and shall take the Depositions of the Master or Commander, and of Two or Three at least of the principal Individuals on board of such Vessel, and shall also take the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, if it should appear to them necessary to do so, in order to judge and to pronounce whether the said Vessel has been justly detained or not, according to the Stipulations of the aforesaid Treaty, and in order that, according to this Judgment, the Vessel may be condemned or released. In the event of the Two 4 Judges not agreeing as to the Sentence which they ought C 3 4 to

22

A.D. 1836.

C. 6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

to pronounce in any Case brought before them, whether with respect to the Legality of the Detention or the Liability of the Vessel to Condemnation, or to the Indemnification to be allowed, or as to any other Question which may arise out of the said Capture, or in case any Difference of Opinion should arise between them as to the Mode of proceeding in the said Court, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Arbitrators so appointed as aforesaid; which Arbitrator, after having considered the Proceedings which have taken place, shall consult with the Two above-mentioned Judges on the Case, and the final Sentence or Decision shall be pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Three.

Article V.-If the detained Vessel shall be restored by the Sentence of the Court, the Vessel and the Cargo, in the State in which they shall then be found, shall forthwith be given up to the Master or to the Person who represents him, and such Master or other Person may before the same Court claim a Valuation of the Damages which he may have a Right to demand. The Captor himself, and in his Default his Government, shall remain responsible for the Damages to which the Master of such Vessel, or the Owners either of the Vessel or of her Cargo, may be pronounced to be entitled.

4 The Two High Contracting Parties bind themselves to pay, within the Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, the Costs and Damages which may be awarded by the above-named Court, it being mutually understood and agreed that such Costs and Damages shall be made good by the Government of the Country of which the Captor shall be a Subject,

Article VI.-If the detained Vessel shall be condemned, she shall be declared lawful Prize, together with her Cargo, of whatever Description it may be, with the Exception of the Slaves who shall have been brought on board for the Purposes of Commerce, and the said Vessel, subject to the

Regulations in Article XII. of the Treaty of this Date,

shall, as well as her Cargo, be sold by public Sale for the Profit of the Two Governments, subject to the Payments 1 of the Expences herein-after mentioned.

4 The Slaves shall receive from the Court a Certificate of Emancipation, and shall be delivered over to the Govera-

ment to whom the Cruizer which made the Capture belongs to be dealt with according to the Regulations and Conditions contained in the Annex to this Treaty sub literd C.

Article VII.- The Mixed Courts of Justice shall also take the Cognizance of, and shall decide definitively and without Appeal, all Claims for Compensation on account of Losses occasioned to Vessels and Cargoes which shall have been detained under the Provisions of this Treaty, but which shall not have been condemned as legal Prize by the said Courts; and in all Cases wherein Restitution of such Vessels and Cargoes shall be decreed, save as mentioned in Article XI. of the Treaty to which these Regulations form

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 28

an Annex, and in a subsequent Part of these Regulations, ' the Court shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or to his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Use, a just and complete Indemnification for all Costs of Suit, and for all Losses and Damages which the Owner or Owners may have actually sustained by such Capture and Detention; and it is agreed that such Indemnification shall be as follows:-

4 First, in case of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, -

4 A. For the Ship, her Tackle, Equipment, and Stores.

4 B. For all Freights due and payable.

4 C. For the Value of the Cargo of Merchandize, if any, deducting all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargo, including Commission of Sale.

4 D. For all other regular Charges in such Case of total Loss.

4 Secondly, in all other Cases (save as herein-after mentioned) , not of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, -

4 A. For all special Damages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and for Loss of Freight when due or payable.

4 B. For Demurrage when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the present Article.

4 C. For any Deterioration of the Cargo.

4 D. For all Premium of Insurance on additional Risks.

4 The Claimant or Claimants shall be entitled to Interest at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded until such Sum is paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications shall be calculated in the Money of the Country to which the detained Vessel belongs, and shall be liquidated at the Exchange current at the Time of the Award.

4 The Two High Contracting Parties however have agreed,

that if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourse to the Decision of an Arbitrator, that the Captor has been led into Error by the Fault of the Master or Commander of the detained Vessel, the detained Vessel in that Case shall not have the Right of receiving for the Time of her Detention the Demurrage stipulated by the present Article, nor any other Compensation for Losses, Damages, or Expences consequent upon such Detention.

4 Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance for a Vessel of

One hundred Tons to One hundred and twenty inclusive - Five Pounds J

4 One hundred and twenty-one Tons to One I 4 hundred and fifty inclusive - Six Pounds j 4 One hundred and fifty-one Tons to One hundred and seventy inclusive - Eight Pounds One hundred and seventy-one Tons to Two 4 hundred inclusive - - Ten Pounds

24

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

4 Two hundred and one Tons to Two hundred }per Diem,

and twenty inclusive - Eleven Pounds Two hundred and twenty-one Tons to Two 4 hundred and fifty inclusive Twelve Pounds Two hundred and fifty-one Tons to Two 4 hundred and seventy inclusive

4 Fourteen Pounds

Two hundred and seventy-one Tons to Three

hundred inclusive - - Fifteen Pounds

And so on in proportion.

Article VIII.-Neither the Judges nor the Arbitrators nor the Secretaries of the Mixed Courts of Justice shall demand or receive from any of the Parties concerned in the Cases which shall be brought before such Courts any Emolument or Gift, under any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which such Judges, Arbitrators, and Secretaries have to perform.

Article IX.- The Two High Contracting Parties have agreed, that in the event of the Death, Sickness, Absence on Leave, or any other legal Impediment of One or more of the Judges or Arbitrators composing the above-mentioned Courts respectively, the Post of such Judge and of such Arbitrator shall be supplied ad interim in the following Manner:-

1°. On the Part of His Britannic Majesty, and in that Court which shall sit within the Possessions of His said Majesty, if the Vacancy be that of the British Judge, his ' Place shall be filled up by the British Arbitrator; and either in that Case, or in the Case where the Vacancy be originally that of the British Arbitrator, the Place of such ' Arbitrator shall be filled successively by the Governor or (Lieutenant Governor resident in such Possession, by the principal Magistrate of the same, and by the Secretary of the Government; and the said Court so constituted as above shall sit, and in all Cases brought before them for Adjudication shall proceed to adjudge the same and to pass Sentence accordingly.

4 2°. On the Part of Great Britain, and in that Court which shall sit within the Possessions of Her Catholic Majesty, if the Vacancy be that of the British Judge, his ' Place shall be filled by the British Arbitrator; and either

in that Case, or in the Case where the Vacancy be originally that of the British Arbitrator, his Place shall be filled successively by the British Consul and British Vice Consul, if there be a British Consul or British Vice ' Consul appointed to and resident in such Possession; qnd in the Case where the Vacancy be both of the British Judge and of the British Arbitrator, then the Vacancy of the British Judge shall be filled by the British Consul, and that of the British Arbitrator by the British Vice Consul, if there be a British Consul and British Vice Consul appointed to and resident in such Possession, and

if there shall be no British Consul or British Vice Consul to fill the Place of British Arbitrator, then the Spanish Arbitrator shall be called in in those Cases in which a

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 0.

25

British Arbitrator, were there any, would be called in;

and in case the Vacancy be both of the British Judge and British Arbitrator, and there be neither British Consul ' nor British Vice Consul to fill ad interim the Vacancies,

(then the Spanish Judge and Spanish Arbitrator shall sit,

and in all Cases brought before them for Adjudication shall proceed to adjudge the same and pass Sentence accordingly.

4 3°. On the Part of Spain, and in that Court which shall sit within the Possessions of Her Catholic Majesty,

if the Vacancy be that of the Spanish Judge, his Place shall be filled by the Spanish Arbitrator; and either in that Case, or in the Case where the Vacancy be originally that of the Spanish Arbitrator, the Place of such Arbitrator shall be filled successively by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in such Possession, by the principal Magistrate of the same, and by the Secretary of the

Government; and the said Court, so constituted as above,

shall sit, and in all Cases brought before them for Adjudication shall proceed to adjudge the same and pass Sentence accordingly.

4 4°. On the Part of Spain, and in that Court which shall sit within the Possessions of His Britannic Majesty,

if the Vacancy be that of the Spanish Judge, his Place shall be filled by the Spanish Arbitrator; and either in that Case, or in the Case where the Vacancy be originally that of the Spanish Arbitrator, his Place shall be filled successively by the Spanish Consul and Spanish Vice Consul, if there be a Spanish Consul or Spanish Vice Consul appointed to and resident in such Possession; and in the Case where the Vacancy be both of the Spanish Judge and of the Spanish Arbitrator, then the Vacancy of the Judge shall be filled by the Spanish Consul, and that of the Spanish Arbitrator by the Spanish Vice Consul, if there be a Spanish Consul and a Spanish Vice Consul appointed to and resident in such Possession; and in that Case in which there be no Spanish Consul or Spanish Vice Consul to fill the Place of the Spanish Arbitrator,

then the British Arbitrator shall be called in in those Cases in which a Spanish Arbitrator, were there any,

would be called in; and in case the Vacancy be both of the Spanish Judge and Spanish Arbitrator, and there be neither Spanish Consul nor Spanish Vice Consul to fill ad interim the Vacancies, then the British Judge and the British Arbitrator shall sit, and in all Cases brought before them for Adjudication shall proceed to adjudge the same and pass Sentence accordingly.

4 The Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Settlements wherein either of the Mixed Courts of Justice shall sit, in the event of a Vacancy arising, either of the Judge or the Arbitrator of the other High Contracting Party,

shall forthwith give Notice of the same to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the nearest Settlement of such other High Contracting Party, in order that such Vacancy

26

C. 6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

may be supplied at the earliest possible Period; and 'each of the High Contracting Parties agrees to supply definitively, as soon as possible, the Vacancies which may arise in the above-mentioned Courts from Death or from any other Cause whatever.

4 The undersigned Plenipotentiaries have agreed, in conformity with the Fourteenth Article of the Treaty signed by them on this Day, the Twenty-eighth of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, that the preceding Regulations, consisting of Nine Articles, shall be annexed to the said Treaty, and considered an integral Part thereof.

4 This Day, the Twenty-eighth of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4 George Villiers. (l. s.)

4 Francisco Martinez de la Rosa. (l. s.)

Annex (C.)

Regulations for the good Treatment of liberated Negroes. 4 Article I.- The Object and Spirit of these Regulations is to secure to Negroes liberated by virtue of the Stipulations of the Treaty to which these Regulations form an Annex (marked C.) permanent good Treatment, and a full and complete Emancipation, in conformity with the humane Intentions of the High Contracting Parties.

Article II.-Immediately after Sentence of Condemnation on a Vessel charged with being concerned in illegal Slave Trade shall have been passed by the Mixed Court of Justice, established under the Treaty to which these Regulations form an Annex, all Negroes who were on board of such Vessel, and who were brought on board for the Purpose of Traffic, shall be delivered over to the Government to whom belongs the Cruizer which made the Capture.

Article III.-If the Cruizer which made the Capture is iEnglish the British Government engages that the Negroes shall be treated in exact Conformity with the Laws in force in the British Colonies for the Regulation of free apprenticed Negroes.

Article IV.-If the Cruizer which made the Capture is Spanish, in this Case the Negroes shall be delivered over to the Spanish Authorities of the Havanna, or of any other Point of the Dominions of the Queen of Spain in which the Mixed Court of Justice is established; and the Spanish Government solemnly engages that they shall be treated strictly according to the Regulations lately promulgated and now actually in force at the Havanna with respect to the Treatment of emancipated Negroes, or according to such Regulations as may in future be adopted, and which have and shall always have the humane Object of improving and securing honestly and faithfully to the emancipated Negroes the Enjoyment of their acquired Liberty, good Treatment, a Knowledge of the Tenets of the Christian Religion, their Advancement in Morality and Civilization, and their sufficient Instruction in the mechanical Arts, in order that the said emancipated Negroes may be put in a 5 4 Condition

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 27

4 Condition to earn their Subsistence, whether as Artisans,

4 Mechanics, or Servants.

Article V--For the Purpose which is explained in Article VI. there shall be kept in the Office of the Captain General or Governor of the Part of the Dominions of the Queen of Spain where the Mixed Court of Justice resides 4 a Register of all emancipated Negroes, in which shall be entered with scrupulous Exactness the Names given to the Negroes, the Names of the Vessels in which they were captured, the Names of the Persons to whose Care they have been committed, and any other Circumstances likely to contribute to the End in view.

Article VI.- The Register to which the preceding Article refers will serve to form a general Return, which the Governor or Captain General of the Part of the Dominions of the Queen of Spain where the Mixed Court of Justice resides shall be bound to deliver every Six Months to the aforesaid Mixed Commission, in order to show the Existence of the Negroes emancipated under this Treaty,

the Decease of such as have died, the Improvement in their Condition, and the Progress made in their Instruction, both religious and moral, as also in the Arts of Life.

Article VII.-As the principal Object of the Treaty of which the present Annex forms an integral Part is no other than that of improving the Condition of these unhappy Victims of Avarice, the High Contracting Parties, animated with the same Sentiments of Humanity, agree, that if in future it should appear necessary to adopt new Measures for obtaining the same benevolent End, in consequence of those laid down in this Annex turning out inefficacious, the said High Contracting Parties will consult together, and agree upon other Means better adapted for the complete Attainment of the Object proposed.

Article VIII.- The undersigned Plenipotentiaries have agreed, in conformity with the Fourteenth Article of the Treaty signed by them on this Day, the Twenty-eighth of 1 June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, that this Annex, consisting of Eight Articles, shall be united to the said Treaty, and be considered an integral Part thereof.

4 This Day, the Twenty-eighth of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4 George Villiers. (l.s.)

4 Francisco Martinez de la Rosa. (l.s.)

And whereas the said Treaty was ratified between His Majesty ' the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and Her Majesty the Queen Regent of Spain, and such Ratification was exchanged on the Twenty-seventh Day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that effectual Provision should be made for carrying into execution the Provisions of the said Treaty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Treaty ratified on the 27th August 1835.

C. 6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Officers commanding Ships of His Majesty or of the Queen of Spain, being duly authorized, empowered to visit and search Merchant Ships within certain Limits.

Ships suspected of having been fitted out for the Purpose of Traffic in Slaves liable to Search.

His Majesty may appoint Judges and Arbitrators to decide Cases of Detention.

same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer commanding any'Ship of War of His Majesty or of the Queen Regemt of Spain, not below the Rank of Lieutenant of the Royal Navy, (unless by the Death or Absence of the Commander of such Ship the Command thereof shall have devolved upon an Officer of inferior Rank, and then for such last-mentioned Officer,) and who shall be duly instructed and authorized according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and for any Officer not below the Rank of Lieutenant in the Royal Navy who shall be acting under the Orders of any Officer commanding a Ship of War so instructed and authorized as aforesaid, to visit and search any Merchant Vessel of either of the said Two Nations which shall upon reasonable Grounds be suspected of being engaged in the Traffic in Slaves, or having been fitted out for that Purpose, or of having during the Voyage in which such Vessel is met been engaged in such Traffic, excepting within the Mediterranean Sea, or within the Seas in Europe lying without the Streights of Gibraltar, and which lie to the Northward of the Thirty-seventh Parallel of North Latitude, and also within and to the Eastward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich, and to detain and send or carry away such Vessel, together with its Masters, Sailors, Passengers, Slaves, and Cargo, for the Purpose of such Vessel being brought to Adjudication before one of the Mixed Courts of Justice to be established in virtue of the Seventh Article of the said Treaty; and all such Commanders and other Officers are hereby authorized and required in the Exercise of such Rights, of visiting, searching, detaining, sending, carrying in, and delivering as aforesaid, to execute and comply with the said several Provisions and Instructions of the said Treaty as apply thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be suspected upon reasonable Grounds of being engaged in the Traffic in Slaves, or of having been fitted out for that Purpose, or of having during the Voyage in which such Vessel is met been engaged in such Traffic, and all Boats, Apparel, and Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby declared to be and made subject to Search and Detention by British or Spanish Vessels of War duly authorized for that Purpose according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and are also hereby made subject to the Adjudication of and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Judges and Arbitrators of the Mixed Courts to be appointed according to the Provisions of the said Treaty.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, to appoint such Judges and Arbitrators as are in and by the said Treaty mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from Time to Time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices by appointing other Persons thereto, and to grant Salaries to such Judges and Arbitrators as aforesaid, not exceeding such annual Sums as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct; and such Judges and Arbitrators are hereby authorized and empowered to

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6. 29

examine and decide all such Cases of Detention, Captures, and Seizures of Vessels, and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, or captured under the said Treaty, as are by the said Treaty and by this Act made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments, and make such Orders therein, and do all other Acts, Matters, and Things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provisions of the said Treaty, as fiil/y and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpose were specifically and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Registrar to the Mixed Court which shall be established in His Majesty's Dominions, and from Time to Time to supply by other Appointments any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and to grant a Salary to such Secretary or Registrar not exceeding such annual Sum as the said Lords Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and such Secretary or Registrar is hereby authorized and empowered to do, perform, and execute all the Duties of such Office set forth and prescribed by the said Treaty, and to do, perform, and execute all such Acts, Matters, and Things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death, Sickness, Absence on Leave, or any other legal Impediment of any such British Judge of either of the said Courts established by virtue of the said Treaty, the British Arbitrator of such Court shall fill the Office of such Judge ad interim until the Office shall be thereafter filled by some Person appointed by His Majesty, or until such Judge shall resume the Duties of his said Office; and that in case of such Vacancy of the Office of British Arbitrator of the Court established by virtue of the said Treaty in the Possessions of His Majesty, or in case of the Death, Sickness, Absence on Leave, or other Impediment of the said Arbitrator of the said Court, the Office of such Arbitrator shall be filled ad interim successively by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in such Possession, by the principal Magistrate in the same, and by the Secretary of the Government, until the said Office shall be filled by some Person appointed by His Majesty, or until such Arbitrator shall resume the Duties of his said Office; and that in case of the Death, Sickness, Absence on Leave, or other legal Impediment of the British Arbitrator in the Court established by virtue of the said Treaty within the Possessions of Her Catholic Majesty, or of his assuming ad interim the Duties of a Judge of the said Court as aforesaid, the Office of such British Arbitrator shall be filled ad interim successively by the British Consul and British Vice Consul resident in such Possession; and in case of such Vacancy of the Offices both of such British Judge and British Arbitrator, then that such Office of Judge shall be filled ad interim by the British Consul, and such Office of British Arbitrator by the British Vice Consul; and in case there shall be no British Consul or Vice Consul at such Place, then that it shall be lawful for the

Spanish

His Majesty may appoint a Secretary or Registrar to the Mixed Court.

In case of the Death or Incapacity from Illness of any British Judge of such Courts, or of the British Arbitrator.

30

C. 6.

6° & V GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Judges and Arbitrators to take on Oath.

Form of Oath.

Secretary or

Registrar's

Oath.

Judges and Arbitrators may administer Oaths.

Spanish Arbitrator to act in all those Cases in which a British Arbitrator, if there were any, would be required to act; and in ease of such Vacancy in the Offices both of British Judge and British Arbitrator, and there should be neither a British Consul nor British Vice Consul resident at such Place, then that it shall and may be lawful for the Spanish Judge and Spanish Arbitrator of such Court to sit alone in such Court, and in all Cases brought before them for Adjudication to adjudge the same and pass Sentence accordingly, until the said Offices shall respectively be thereafter filled by some Person or Persons appointed by His Majesty, or until the said British Judge and British Arbitrator shall resume the Duties of their said Offices respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Judge and Arbitrator so appointed by His Majesty shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath in the Presence of the principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement, or Place, whether belonging to His Britannic Majesty or to Her Most Catholic Majesty, in which the Court shall be established; which Oath any such Magistrate is hereby authorized to administer in the Form following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of

my Skill and Knowledge, act in the Execution of my Office

as faithfully, impartially, fairly, and

without Preference or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, 4 or any other Persons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power, act in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations, and Instructions contained in the Treaty between His Majesty and Her Catholic Majesty, signed at Madrid on the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five. '

And every Secretary or Registrar appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the said Treaty and of this Act shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, take an Oath before One of the Judges of the said Court, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, act in the Execution of my Office, and that I will conduct myself with Respect to the Authority of the Judges and Arbitrators of the Court to which I am attached, and will act with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong 1 to my Charge, and without Preference or Favour either for Claimants or Captors or any other Persons. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Judges or Arbitrators, or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Registrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witnesses, and other Persons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Judges or Arbitrators under the said Treaty and this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Judges and Arbitrators to summon before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding, Matter, or

Thing

6a & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6.

SI

Thing under their Cognizance, and to send for and issue Precepts for the producing all such Papers as may relate to the Matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Summonses, Orders, and Precepts by such and the like Means, Powers, and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination or Deposition had or Affidavit taken upon or in any Proceeding before the Judges or Arbitrators aforesaid, under the said Treaty or this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, Pains, and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Perjury either in the Place where the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majesty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdiction to try any such Offence, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlesex.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Pendency of any Suit or Proceeding instituted before the said Judges or Arbitrators for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship or Cargo or Slaves taken, seized, or detained by virtue of the said Treaty, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in bar or given in Evidence under the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in any Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, whether brought or instituted by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo, or of any Damage or for any Injury sustained thereby or by the Persons on board the same, in consequence of any Capture, Seizure, or Detention, or Act, Matter, or Thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That, until the Appointment and Establishment of the Mixed Courts to be appointed and established under and by virtue of the said Treaty and this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissary, Judges, and Commissioners of Arbitration appointed under and by virtue of a Treaty made between His Majesty and the King of Spain for preventing Traffic in Slaves, and signed at Madrid <m the Twenty-third of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for carrying into execution the said Treaty, to do and perform all Acts, Matters, and Things which by the said Treaty of the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five and by this Act are required and authorized to be done and performed by the Judges and Arbitrators of the said Mixed Courts, when established, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said last-mentioned Treaty and of this Act

Punishing Persons giving false Evidence.

Pendency of Suits before the Judges to be a Bar to any Proceedings instituted for the Recovery of the Vessels detained.

Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration already appointed under former Treaties may act until Judges and Arbitrators are appointed under this Act.

A

C. 6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Vessels equipped for Traffic in Slaves to be deemed engaged in the Slave Trade.

5 G. 4. c. 113.

Bounty for Slaves cap* tured.

Copy of Sentence ta be produced to the Commissioners of the Treasury.

One Moiety of the Bounty only to be paid in certain Cases.

Regulations^ c. respecting Prize Agents Accounts extended to this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any of the Particulars specified in the Tenth Article of the said Treaty shall be found in the Outfit and Equipment of or on board of any such Merchant Vessel wholly or in part owned by Subjects of His Majesty, and visited and detained in pursuance of the said Treaty, such Vessel shall, unless Proof be given to the contrary, be held and taken to have engaged in the Slave Trade, or to have been fitted out for the Purposes of such Traffic, and to be equipped and employed for the Purposes declared unlawful by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

XII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Commanders, Officers, and Crews of His Majesty's Ships authorized to make Seizures under the said Treaty, a Bounty of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man, Woman, and Child Slave seized and found on board a British or Spanish Ship or Vessel taken, delivered over, and condemned in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty and of this Act; such* Bounty to be issued and paid by Order from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to be distributed to and amongst the Captors aforesaid in such Manner and Proportions as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct by any Order in Council or by any Proclamation to be made for that Purpose.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in order to entitle the Captors to receive the said Bounty Money the Number of Men, Women, and Children so taken, delivered over, and condemned shall be proved to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by producing a Copy, duly certified, of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, and also a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officers, Military or Civil, who may be appointed to receive such Slaves.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Slaves, or Persons treated, dealt with, carried, kept, or detained as Slaves, shall be taken or seized on board any British or Spanish Ship or Vessel in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty and of this Act, but who shall not have been condemned, or shall not have been delivered over in consequence of Death, Sickness, or other inevitable Circumstance, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if to their Discretion it shall seem meet, by Warrant signed by any Three or more of them, to direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of One Moiety of the Bounty which would have been due in each Case respectively if the said Slaves had been delivered over and condemned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties respecting the Delivery by Prize Agents of Accounts for Examination, and the Distribution of Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds of Prize and the Percentage due thereon to Greenwich Hospital, shall be and are hereby extended to all Bounties and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. &6,

Proceeds to be distributed under the Provisions of this Act to the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Ship or Vessel belonging in whole Or in part to Subjects of Her Catholic Majesty shall have been detained and brought to Adjudication by any Officers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain and Ireland, and the said Ship shall be restored by Sentence of the Court, as is mentioned in the Fifth Article of the Annex (B.) to the said Treaty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by Warrant signed by any Three or more of them, to direct Payment to be made out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of any Costs and Damages which may be duly awarded according to the Provisions of the said lash-mentioned Article: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt such Officer from his Liability to make good the Payments so made when lawfully called upon by Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Seizure shall be made by any of the Commanders, Officers, and Crews of His Majesty's Ships authorized to make such Seizures under the aforesaid Treaty, and Judgment shall be given against the Seizor, or when such Seizure shall be relinquished by him, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if to their Discretion it shall seem meet, by Warrant signed by any Three or more of them, to direct Payment to be made out of the Consolidated Fond of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of such Costs and Expences as the Seizor may have incurred in respect of such Seizure, or any proportional Part thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any of the Things specified in the Tenth Article of the said Treaty shall be found on board any Vessel which shall be detained and brought before either of the said Mixed Courts, neither the Master nor the Owner, nor any Person whatsoever interested in the Equipment or Cargo of the Vessel, shall recover any Compensation or Damages for such Detention, although the said Mixed Court should not pronounce any Sentence of Condemnation; but that in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Mixed Court, if they shall think fit, to pay out of the Prize Fund under the Control of the said Court such Sum of Money as according to the Circumstances of the Case they may judge reasonable in proportion to the Demurrage suffered.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of the said Treaty or this Act, in as far as it relates thereto, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Treaty or of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or

6 & 7 Gul. IV. D Demurrer

Commissioners of the Treasury may order Payment of Costs awarded for Vessels of Her Majesty detained but not condemned.

Commissioners of the Treasury may repay to the Seizor of any Vessel not condemned the Expences incurred by him.

No Compensation to be made when any Articles specified in the Tenth Article of the Treaty are found on board.

Defendants in Actions brought for Things done under this Act may plead the General Issue.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

C. 6.

AH Acts performed under the Treaty to be good and sufficient in law.

Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same a* Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

XX. And whereas by the Eighth Article of the said Treaty it was agreed that the Mixed Commissions which were then established and sitting under the Convention concluded between Great Britain and Spain on the Twenty-third September One thousand ' eight hundred and seventeen should continue to sit and should

during Two Months, to be reckoned from the Exchange of the ' Ratifications of the said Treaty, and until the further Appointment ' and definitive Establishment of the Mixed Courts of Justice under the said Treaty, adjudge without Appeal, according to the Prin- ciples and Stipulations of the same and of the several Annexes thereof, the Cases of such Vessels as might be sent or brought before them: And whereas in conformity with the said Treaty

certain Officers of His Majesty's Navy have been instructed and authorized to search and detain any British and Spanish Merchant Vessel actually engaged or suspected to be engaged in the Slave Trade, or to be fitted out for the Purpose thereof, or to have been engaged in the Traffic in Slaves during the Voyage in which she might be met with by such Officer, and to bring or send such Merchant Vessel for Judgment: And whereas it may have happened that under the said Authority and Instructions British and Spanish Merchant Vessels may have been already, and before the passing of this Act, detained and brought or sent before the Mixed Commissions established and sitting under the said Convention between Great Britain and Spain concluded oa the Twenty-third September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and the Commissioners may have proceeded to adjudge the Cases of such Vessels; and it is expedient that all Acts done in conformity with the said Treaty and with the said Instruction *

should be rendered valid, and that all Persons acting under and by virtue of such Authority and Instructions should be protected and indemnified; be it therefore enacted, That all Acts done by or under the Authority of any Officer of His Majesty's Navy in conformity with the said Treaty, who may have been instructed and authorized to search and detain and bring or send any Merchant Vessels for Judgment according to the said Treaty, and all Adjudications and Orders and other Acts which may have been made and done by the said Mixed Commissions in consequence thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and valid in Law; and no Officer of His Majesty's Navy or other Person acting under such Instructions and Authority, and in conformity with the said Treaty, and no Commissioner or other Officer of the said Mixed Commissions, shall be liable to any Prosecution or Suit at Law for any such Acts, Adjudications, or Orders so done or made by them respectively as aforesaid.

CAP.

A.D. 1836.

Bb & Y* GULIELMI IV.

35

C»T, 8.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdoih as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the saitte on or before the first Day of Hilary Term One thourind eight hundred and thirty-seven; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[30th March 1836.]

[This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Section here inserted, as 5 8$ 6 W.4>. c. 11.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who has been Time limited admitted and enrolled and in actual Practice as art Attorney, Soli- for applying to citor, Proctor, or Notary shall be liable to be struck off the Roll strike Attornies for or on account of any Defect in the Articles of Clerkship, or ?°11

the Registry thereof, or the Service under such Articles, or of his Admission and Enrolment, unless the Application for striking him off the Roll be made within Twelve Months from the Time of his Admission and Enrolment.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d April 1836.]

[Number of Forces, 81, 319. This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Sections here inserted, as 5 8$ 6 W. 4. c, 5.]

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in Composition of any Part of the Xing's Dominions, (Bermuda, the Bahamas, Africa. General Court* awl the Australian Colonies excepted,) or in the Settlements of the nwrt"l *

East India Company, shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; if convened in Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or oat of the King's Dominions, excepting Africa and the Australian Colonies, shall consist of not less than Seven, and in Africa and the Australian Colonies of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court* Powers of martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, District or except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Africa, and the Australian Cwr^martial.

D 2 Colonies,

as

C. 8.

6°"& 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Colonies, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and may sentence any Soldier to any Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court, or the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, shall appoint and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for the Whole or any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, or of such Imprisonment with hard Labour, or may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Soldier to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Soldier, at the Instance of such Soldier, with Intent to render himself or such Soldier unfit for Service;

In tampering with his Eyes;

In malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital whilst under Medical Care, or other gross Violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully delaying his Cure:

In purloining or selling Government Stores:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess:

In producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns:

In embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money entrusted to him:

Or in committing any petty Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military;

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind:

And such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising out of his Misconduct; and if any Soldier shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and shall be sentenced to Forfeiture of his Claim to Pension, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Court shall deprive a Soldier, if convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Liquor when issued in Kind, or of his Allowance in lieu of Beer or Liquor, or of such Proportion thereof, or of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Two Years, as may accord with His Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the foregoing Cases the Sentences of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial, other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer coxxvening

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 8.

57

such Court-martial; provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in certain Cases, where it may be necessary or expedient, Officers of His Majesty's Marine Forces may sit upon Courts-martial in conjunction with Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and such Courts-martial shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if they were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Orders such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and Officers in the Service of the East India Company when serving together, may be associated in Courts-martial, which shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be regulated in like Manner as if consisting wholly of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or wholly of Officers in the Service of the East India Company; save and except that on the Trial of any Person in His Majesty's Land Forces, the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable; and that on the Trial of any Person belonging to His Majesty's Marine Forces, the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable; and on the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the East India Company the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer in the actual Service of the said Company may have a Commission from His Majesty.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces, or the embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; and in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Regiment stated in such Confession he shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, r as a Rogue and Vagabond for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place con-

D 3 victed

Mixture of Officers upon Courts^martiaL

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

6<> & f0 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

ds c.&

victed of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or as a Rogue and Vagabond for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of His Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter.

Notice of

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any

Expiration of Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for Imprisonment, Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary at War.

Enlisting and

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Relewul cruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer,

or an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier hi His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down, in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after his having received the Enlisting Money Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service he shall within Four Days, any intervening Sunday not included, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, or, in Scotland, before any Baillie of a Royal Burgh, residing within the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read

over

A.D. 183&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

G.8.

99

over in his own Presence to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XLV. And be it enacted, That any Soldier who shall absent Forfeiture of himself without Leave, or who shall desert, shall, on Conviction by Pay* a General or other Court-martial, in addition to any Punishment awarded by such Court, forfeit his Pay for the Days on which he has so absented himself without Leave, or on which he has been absent by such Desertion; and that no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension when in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment under the Civil Power on a Charge of any Offence cognizable by a Civil or Criminal Court, or by reason of any Arrest for Debt, or as a Prisoner of War, or while in Confinement under any Charge of which he shall afterwards be convicted; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding Officer ('if he shall think fit) to order and direct that such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he has so absented himself, and thereupon such Pay shall be forfeited, and such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial, or to be otherwise punished for the said Offence; provided that any Soldier acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed shall, upon Return to his Duty in his Corps, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay growing due, and to reckon Service during his Absence or Confinement; and upon rejoining His Majesty's Service from being a Prisoner of War, due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner without wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any Manner aided the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the Whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That for the* regular Provision of Supply of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Carriages. Marches, in England and Ireland *, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the

40

(2.8, 9.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Composition of General Courls-martial.

Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order to such Justices by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue & Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[22d April 1836.]

[This Act is the same, except as to Dates and the Sections hert inserted, as 5 fy 6 W. 4. c. 7.]

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, {Bermuda, the Bahamas, Africa, and the Australian Colonies excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Company, or elsewhere, shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and if convened in Bermuda or the Bahamas, or out of the King's Dominions (excepting Africa and the Australian Colonies) , shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and the Australian Colonies not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Members present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

41

C. 9.

the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

XI. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Africa, and the Australian Colonies, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and that it shall be lawful for such Court, although assembled under the Authority of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer for any Offence committed by any of them while serving in conjunction with His Majesty's Land Forces, and to sentence any such Marine to any Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Marine to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct in wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Marine at the Instance of such Marine, with Intent to render himself or such other Marine unfit for the Service; in tampering with his Eyes; in malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital while under Medical Care, or other gross violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully delaying his Cure; in purloining or selling Government Stores; in stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Divisional or Regimental Mess; in producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns; in embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him; or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, unnatural, felonious, or fraudulent Nature; and such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising out of his Misconduct; and if any Marine shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and shall be sentenced to Forfeiture of his Claim to Pension, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Court shall deprive a Marine, if convicted of the Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Liquor when issued in Kind or of his Allowance in lieu of Beer or Liquor, or of additional Pay, or of such Portion of his daily Pay, for any Period not exceeding Two Years, as may accord with the Rules and Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the aforegoing Cases the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening

District or

Garrison

Courts-martial.

C. 9.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

4a

Fraudulent Confession of desertion.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

vening such Court-martial: Provided always, that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; and in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, he shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or as a Rogue and Vagabond for making a. fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or as a Rogue and Vagabond for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the first Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money to serve in the Royal Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, he being an Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 9.

of his having so enlisted be given to the Remit, trleft at his . usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine, he shall, within Four Days, any intervening Sunday not included, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Re* cruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted* before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Marines; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny, and the First Article of the Third Section of the said Articles of War against Desertion, to be read over in his own Presence to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Marines, being Exemption in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, but not from ToUs* when passing in any private or hired Vehicle, and all Carriages and Horses when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage under the Provisions of this Act or returning therefrom, and all Recruits marching by Route, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat:

C. 9, 10.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

L. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any | Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse | any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, I Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed or ordered by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pouncb nor less than Forty Shillings.

CAP. X.

An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Stafford from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

[19th May 1836.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to exclude the Borough of Stafford from sending Burgesses to

serve in Parliament: And whereas it is alleged that there has

been the most notorious, long-continued, and general Bribery

and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, and that such Bribery and ' Corruption are likely to continue and be practised in future ' unless some Means are taken to prevent the same: And whereas ' it may be desirable to examine as Witnesses at the Bar of the

Lords

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 10.

49

4 Lords Spiritual and Temporal in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption several Persons; and the Evidence of such Persons may tend to expose them to Penal Consequences: And whereas it is expedient to indemnify such Persons, upon their making such true and faithful Disclosure and Discovery as 1 herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more effectually prosecuting the said Inquiry, every Person who may have been implicated or engaged in such alleged Bribery and Corruption at or connected with any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Stafford, and who shall be examined as Witnesses or a Witness at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal touching such alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who shall upon such Examination make a true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure to the best of his or her Knowledge touching all Acts, Matters, and Things to which he or she shall be so examined, shall be and he and she is hereby freed, indemnified, and discharged of, from, and against all Penal Actions, Forfeitures, Punishments, Disabilities, and Incapacities, and all Criminal Prosecutions, which he or she may have been or may become liable or subject to, or which he or she may have incurred or may incur, at the Suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any other Person, for or by reason or means of or in relation to any Act, Matter, or Thing done or committed by such Person or Persons in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Witness shall be examined before the House of Lords or any Committee of the said House, such Witness shall not be indemnified under this Act unless he or she shall receive from the Lord Chancellor a Certificate in Writing, stating that such Witness has, upon his or her Examination, made a true and faithful Disclosure touching all Acts and Matters to which he or she has been so examined, which said Certificates the Lord Chancellor is hereby authorized to give; and if any Action, Information, or Indictment shall at any Time be pending in any Court for Bribery at any former Election for the Borough of Stafford against any Person or Persons who shall have been so examined as a Witness or Witnesses in manner above mentioned, such Court shall, on the Production and Proof of such Certificate or Certificates, stay the Proceedings in any such Action, Indictment, or Information, and may in its Discretion award to any such Person or Persons such Costs as he, she, or they may have been put to by such Action, Information, or Indictment

All Person* implicated in Bribery at Stafford, who may be examined before the House of Lords and shall make a faithful Disclosure, indemnified.

Witnesses examined before the House of Lords, or any Committee thereof, not to be indemnified unless they shall have a Certificate from the Lord Chancellor.

46

C. 11.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

7 0.4. c. 54.

repealed.

Masters of Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts to declare what Aliens are on board or have landed from their Vessels.

Penalty for Omission to make such Declaration, &c.

Not to extend to Foreign Mariners navigate ing the Vessel.

Alien on Arrival from Abroad to declare his Name, Description, &c. and produce his Passport.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Registration of Aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for that Purpose.

[19th May 1836.]

WHEREAS in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty an Act was passed, intituled An Act for the Registration of Aliens: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that Provisions in respect of Aliens should be made in lieu of the Regulations therein contained: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel which after the Commencement of this Act shall arrive in this Realm from Foreign Parts shall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to the Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Arrival whether there is, to the best of his Knowledge, any Alien on board his Vessel, and whether any Alien hath, to his Knowledge, landed therefrom at any Place within this Realm, and shall in his said Declaration specify the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his Vessel, or who have, to his Knowledge, landed therefrom, and their Names, Rank, Occupation, and Description, as far as he shall be informed thereof; and if the Master of any such Vessel shall refuse or neglect to make such Declaration, or shall wilfully make a false Declaration, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Alien who shall have been on board at the Time of the Arrival of such Vessel, or who shall have, to his Knowledge, landed therefrom within this Realm, whom such Master shall wilfully have refused or neglected to declare; and in case such Master shall neglect; or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required, to detain such Vessel until the same shall be paid: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall extend to any Mariner actually employed in the Navigation of such Vessel during the Time that such Mariner shall remain so actually employed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall after the Commencement of this Act arrive in any Part of the United Kingdom from Foreign Parts shall immediately after such Arrival present and show to the Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Debarkation, for his Inspection, any Passport which may be in his or her Possession, and declare in Writing to such Chief Officer, or verbally make to him a Declaration, to be by him reduced into Writing, of the Day and Place of his or her landing, and of his or her Name, and shall also declare to what Country he or she belongs and is subject, and the Country and Place from whence he or she shall then have come; which Declaration shall be made in or reduced into such Form as shall be approved by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and if any such Alien coming into this Realm shall neglect or refuse to present and show any

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.lh

Passport winch may be in his or her Possession, or if he or she shall neglect or refuse to make inch Declaration, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Customs to whom such Passport shall be shown and Declaration made shall immediately register such Declaration in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose (in which Book Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof, in such Form as shall be approved by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State) , and shall insert therein the several Particulars by this Act required in proper Columns, in both Parts thereof, and shall deliver one Part thereof to the Alien who shall have made such Declaration.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Officer of the Customs in every Port shall within Two Days transmit a true Copy of the Declaration of every Master of a Vessel, and a true Copy of every such Certificate, if in Great Britairiy to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and if such Alien shall have arrived from any Foreign Country in Ireland he shall transmit a true Copy of such Declaration and of such Certificate to the Chief Secretary for Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Alien about to depart from this Realm shall before his or her Embarkation deliver any Certificate which he or she shall have received under the Provisions of this Act to the Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Departure, who shall insert therein that such Alien hath departed this Realm, and shall forthwith transmit the same to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to the Chief Secretary for Ireland, as the Case may be, in like Manner as herein-before is directed in respect to the Certificate given to an Alien on his or her Arrival in this Realm.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Certificate issued to any Alien by virtue of this Act shall be lost, mislaid, or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace Proof thereof, and shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he or she hath duly conformed with this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required to testify the same under his Hand, and such Alien shall thereupon be entitled to receive from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Chief Secretary for Ireland as the Case may be, a fresh Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effect as the Certificate so lost, mislaid, or destroyed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given shall be given without Fee or Reward whatsoever; and every Person who shall take any Fee or Reward of any Alien or other Person, for any Certificate, or any other Matter or Thing done under this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every Officer of the Customs who shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or shall knowingly make any false Entry, or neglect to transmit the Copy thereof, or to transmit any Declaration of the Master of a Vessel, or any. Declaration of Departure, in manner directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

47

Officer of Customs to register the Declaration, and deliver a Certificate Jq the Alien.

Officer of Customs to transmit Declaration, &c« to Secretary of State.

Certificate of Alien departing the Realm to be transmitted to Secretary of State.

New Certificate* to be issued in* lieu of such aa are lost.

Certificate to be granted without Fee.

[Penalty.]

6° & 7 GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

48

Penalty for forging Certificates, &c.

Prosecution of Offences.

Not to affect Foreign Ministers or their Servants;

nor Aliens who have been resident Three Years, and obtained Certificate thereof;

nor Aliens under Fourteen Yean of Age.

C. 1L

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully make or transmit any false Declaration, or shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any Declaration or Certificate hereby directed, or shall obtain any such Certificate under any other Name or Description than the true Name and Description of the Alien intended to be named and described, without disclosing to the Person granting such Certificate the true Name and Description of such Alien, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any such Certificate, every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices, either forfeit any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, or be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justices.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Offences against this Act shall be prosecuted within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and all such Offences shall be prosecuted before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, who are required, in default of Payment of any pecuniary Penalty, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid, where such Penalty shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and forthwith to report to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to Chief Secretary for Ireland, as the Case may require, the Conviction of every Offender under this Act, and the Punishment to which he is adjudged; and no Writ of Certiorari or of Advocation or Suspension shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of any Justices touching the Cases aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Foreign Ambassador or other Public Minister duly authorized, nor any Domestic Servant of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister, registered as such according to Law, or being actually attendant upon such Ambassador or Minister; nor any Alien who shall have been continually residing within this Realm for Three Years next before the passing of this Act, or who shall hereafter at any Time complete such Residence of Three Years, and who shall have obtained from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Chief Secretary for Ireland, a Certificate thereof; nor any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who shall be under the Age of Fourteen Years at the Time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, is an Alien or not^or is or is not subject to the said Provisions or any of them, the! Proof that such Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be, a natural-born Subject of His Majesty, or a Denizen of this Kingdom, or a naturalized Subject, or that such Person, if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions of this Act or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act or otherwise, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.ll, 12.

49

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of July in the present Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

[20th May 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales, it is amongst other Things enacted, that such Divisions, when severally constituted in the Manner directed by the said Act, shall be subject to no Alteration or Revision for the several Terms of Twenty-one and Ten Years respectively, and until further Order of Sessions after the Expiration of such Terms of Twenty-one Years and Ten Years respectively: And whereas it may be expedient that such Divisions should have the same Limits as Unions of Parishes formed under the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales; and for this and other Rear sons it may be expedient to alter such Divisions within shorter Periods of Time than are now fixed by the herein recited Act:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division having a separate Commission of the Peace, in any Court of Quarter Sessions, to alter and revise such Divisions in the Manner and according to the Forms required by the said herein recited Act, on the Expiration of Three Years from the constituting thereof, my thing in such Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices as aforesaid at such Quarter Sessions to make any Order constituting any new Division, upon due Proof before them made in open Court on Oath, that at the Time of making the same then sre at the least Five Justices of the Peace residing or usually acting within the Boundary Line proposed to be the Limit of any such new Division, but not otherwise.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things by the said herein recited Act required to be done by and with regard to the Clerk of the Peace shall be done by and with regard to that Officer with respect to tihe new Divisions to be formed by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every *ueh Order shall be made subject to such Power of petitioning 6 & 7 Gul. IV. E against

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

9 G. 4. c. 43.

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 76.

Justices at Quarter Sessions may alter Divisions after 3 Years from the constituting thereof.

New Divisions may be constituted if Five Justices are resident or acting therein.

Forms, &c. to be similar to those in 9 G. 4. c. 43.

Reservation of Right of Appeal *

50

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 12, 13.

A.D. 1836.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Not to extend to Middlesex, Scotland, or Ireland.

Repeal of Part of

54 G. 3. c. 131.

55 G. 3. c. 13.

Part of

55 G. 3.

c. 158.

57 G. 3. c. 22.

Part of

59 G. 3. c. 92.

3 G. 4. c. 103.

against the same as is given by the said herein recited Act with respect to any Order made by virtue thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Order to be made nor any Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed or taken to extend to the County of Middlesex in England, or to Scotland or Ireland,

CAP. XIII.

An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary

Force in Ireland.

[20th May 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the ' Acts for the Appointment of Constables and of Magistrates

in Ireland in certain Cases; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the following Acts and Parts of Acts, (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland by appointing superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in certain Cases, except so far as the said Act enables the Lord Lieutenant to change the Districts for holding Civil Bill Courts in Counties; an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, to amend the said Act; and another Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyance of Prisoners, except so much of the said last-mentioned Act as relates to the Expences of removing transported Felons, and of the conveying Persons charged with Treason or Felony to Gaol; an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to amend the said Two first-mentioned Acts of the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign; so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as such in certain Cases out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are; to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by them, and to authorize them to impose Fines upon Constables and other Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters for Ill-usage of their Apprentices, as enables Justices to impose Fines upon Constables; an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Appointment of Constables, and to secure the effectual Performance of the Duties of their Office, and for the Appointment of Magistrates, in Ireland, in certain Cases; an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13. 51

Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of Hie present- Majesty's Reign, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland; an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal any other Act, and save so far as herein to the contrary provided, and also save with respect to the Superannuation Allowances granted at any Time before the passing of this Act to any Chief or other Constables appointed under the said Acts or any of them, and save and except as to any Act, Matter, or Thing which may have been previously done in the Exercise of the Powers, Duties, Authorities, and Functions given by the said Acts or any of them; every which Act, Matter, and Thing shall be and remain valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Magistrates, Inspectors, Superintendents, Clerks, Chief and other Constables, Sub-Constables, Officers, and other Persons heretofore appointed, or acting under the said herein-before recited Acts or any of them, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, Barony, or other District, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, to continue to discharge and execute their several Duties and Offices, with the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, and subject to the like Obligations, Restrictions, Liabilities, Directions, and Regulations, as heretofore, until it shall be notified, by a Notice to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette by the Inspector General to be appointed under this Act, that the Constabulary Force for such County, County of a City, or County of a Town is fully organized according to the Provisions of this Act; and upon such Notification the Appointments and Offices of all such Magistrates, Inspectors, and Superintendents, Clerks, Chief and other Constables, Sub-Constables, and Officers, and other Persons, within each such County and Place respectively, shall become and be void, and they shall severally discontinue acting under the said recited Acts; and all the Houses, Outhouses, Appurtenances, Furniture, Horses, Arms, Accoutrements, Saddles, Bridles, Clothing, Books, Papers, and Appointments, Articles and Things whatever rented, held, or provided for their Use respectively under the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be applied, transferred, employed, and converted to the Use and Accommodation of the Constabulary Force so organized, and the Right, Property, and Interest therein shall immediately upon such Notification vest in the Receiver for the Constabulary Force of Ireland to be appointed under this Act 111 Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables who shall so discontinue acting under the said recited Acts shall thenceforward severally act under this Act in the several Offices held by them respectively under the said recited Acts, without any further or other Appointment thereto, until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall otherwise direct.

5 6.4. c. 38.

and 9 G.4. c. 63.

Existing Magistrates Inspectors, Constables, See. to continue until it is notified in the Dublin Gazette that a Constabulary Force is fully organised accord ing to this Act; upon such Notification their Appointments to cease, and the Houses, Furniture, Horses, Arms, &c. to be transferred to the new Force.

Constables to holdsame Offices under this Act as formerly, until otherwise directed;

52

C. 13 *

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and to take the Oath herein mentioned, or, in default, to cease to act.

Power to the Lord Lieutenant to appoint an Inspector General and One or Two Deputy Inspectors.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to make Rules.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint County Inspectors.

IV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That every such Chief and other Constable and Sub-Constable appointed under the said recited Acts, and continuing to act under this Act as aforesaid, shall, within One Month from the making of the Notification aforesaid, take and subscribe the Oath herein-after mentioned in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall obtain and forward such Certificate thereof as is herein-after required, or in default of his or their so doing the Person or Persons who shall so make default shall at the Expiration of the said Period of One Month cease to hold his or their Offices.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to nominate and appoint One fit and proper Person to be Inspector General of Police throughout Ireland, who shall reside in Dublin, and shall be charged and invested with the general Direction and Superintendence of the Force to be established under this Act, and to appoint from Time to Time, when and as he or they may think necessary, One or Two fit and proper Persons to be Deputies to the said Inspector General, and to appoint any fit and proper Persons to be Clerks in the Office of such Inspector General; and every such Inspector General and Deputy Inspector General shall, on his Appointment to such Office, forthwith take before any Two Magistrates the Oaths by Law required to be taken by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, and also the Oath herein-after contained, and shall thereupon be and become, without further Qualification or Appointment, and continue so long as he shall hold the said Office, 1 but no longer, a Justice of the Peace for every County, County of a City, County of a Town, and Town and Liberties in Ireland.

VI. And in order to provide for one uniform System of Rules and Regulations throughout the whole Establishment of Police in Ireland, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Inspector General, with thp Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from Time to Time to frame (subject to such Regulations as the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may from Time to Time establish in respect of the particular Fiscal Duties to be discharged by the Receiver and Paymasters to be appointed under this Act,) Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the general Government of the several Persons to be appointed under this Act, as well with respect to the Places of their Residence, their Classification, Rank, and particular Services, their Distribution and Inspection, as to the Description of the Anns, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be furnished to them, and which of them shall be supplied with Horses, and all such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations relative to the said Police Force as may be necessary for the Purpose of preventing Neglect or Abuse, and for rendering the said Force efficient for the Discharge of the several Duties thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland is like Manner from Time to Time to appoint Four Persons to be

County

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

51

Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of Hie present Majesty's Reign, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland; an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal any other Act, and save so far as herein to the contrary provided, and also save with respect to the Superannuation Allowances granted at any Time before the passing of this Act to any Chief or other Constables appointed under the said Acts or any of them, and save and except as to any Act, Matter, or Thing which may have been previously done in the Exercise of the Powers, Duties, Authorities, and Functions given by the said Acts or any of them; every which Act, Matter, and Thing shall be and remain valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Magistrates, Inspectors, Superintendents, Clerks, Chief and other Constables, Sub-Constables, Officers, and other Persons heretofore appointed, or acting under the said herein-before recited Acts or any of them, in iny County, County of a City, or County of a Town, Barony, or other District, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, notwithstanding die passing of this Act, to continue to discharge and execute their several Duties and Offices, with the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, and subject to the like Obligations, Restrictions, Liabilities, Directions, and Regulations, as heretofore, until it shall be notified, by a Notice to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette by the Inspector General to be appointed under this Act, that the Constabulary Force for such County, County of a City, or County of a Town is fully organized according to the Provisions of this Act; and upon such Notification the Appointments and Offices of all such Magistrates, Inspectors, and Superintendents, Clerks, Chief and other Constables, Sub-Con-JUbles, and Officers, and other Persons, within each such County and Place respectively, shall become and be void, and they shall severally discontinue acting under the said recited Acts; and all the Houses, Outhouses, Appurtenances, Furniture, Horses, Arms, Accoutrements, Saddles, Bridles, Clothing, Books, Papers, and Appointments, Articles and Things whatever rented, held, or provided for their Use respectively under the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be applied, transferred, employed, and converted to the Use and Accommodation of the Constabulary Force so organized, and the Right, Property, and Interest therein shall immediately upon such Notification vest in the Receiver for the Constabulary Force of Ireland to be appointed under this Act.

1IL Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables who shall so discontinue acting under the said recited Acts shall thenceforward severally act under this Act in the several Offices held by them respectively under the said recited Acts, without any further or other Appointment thereto, until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall otherwise direct.

5 6.4. c. 98.

and 9 G.4. c. 63.

Existing Magistrates Inspectors, Constables, &c. to continue until it is notified in the Dublin Gazette that a Constabulary Force is fully organized accord ing to this Act; upon such Notification their Appointments to cease, and the Houses, Furniture, Horses, Arms, &c. to be transferred to the new Force.

Constables to holdsAme Offices under this Act as formerly, until otherwise directed;

54

C. 13.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Chief and other Constables, not exceeding the Numbers herein mentioned.

This Act not to prevent the Appointment, &c. of additional Constables in Places already declared to be in a disturbed State.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to :nt an addi-

this Act, and upon any Vacancy in Any of the said Offices or Appointments by Death, Removal, Disability, or otherwise, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person to fill the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint from Time to Time at his Will and Pleasure, in and for each County of a City and County of h Town, except the said County of the City of Dublin^ One Chief Constable, Two Head Constables, and any such Number of Constables and Sub-Constables, not exceeding One hundred, as may be deemed by him or them to be necessary and sufficient for the Preservation of the Peace therein, and in and for each Barony, Half Barony, or other Division of Barony in each County at large, One Chief Constable, Two Head Constables, and any rfumber of Constables and Sub-Constables, not exceeding Sixteen, and from Time to Time, as to him or them shall seem fit, to dismiss any such Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable, and upon any Vacancy in any of the said Offices by Death, Removal, or otherwise, to appoint some other fit and able Person to fill the same; and all such Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables shall have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have, either by the Common Law or by virtue of any Statute now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland: Provided always, that in every Case in which the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland has or have before the passing of this Act, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland^ declared by Proclamation any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, or Barony, or Half Barony, or other Division of Barony, or any District, to be in a State of Disturbance, and has or have thereupon appointed an extraordinary Establishment of Police for the same, and in every Case in which the Magistrates of any County have in manner required by Law certified the Number of Constables appointed for such County, or any Barony or Half Barony or other Division of Barony, or any District, to be inadequate to the Preservation of the Peace within the same, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland has or have thereupon directed the Appointment of the additional Number of Constables so certified to be necessary, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, without any further or renewed Proclamation as aforesaid, and without any further or renewed Certificate as aforesaid, to retain and employ in every such County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony, or other Division of Barony, and District, such Number of Constables as may be appointed for the same respectively at the Time of the passing of this Act, and to reduce such Number from Time to Time as he or they may think fit, in the same Manner as he or they might have done if this Act had not been passed.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case in which Seven or more Magistrates of any County at large, at any General or Special Sessions held after Notice given by the Clerk of

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

55

of the Peace, being a Majority of the Magistrates then present, ' shall certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the Number of Chief or other Constables or Sub-Constables so appointed for any such County is inadequate to the due Execution of the Law within the same, it shall be bwful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such further Number of Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables for such County as may be so certified to be necessary, and to remove such Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables from Time to Time.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation that any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, or any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies in any County at large, or any District of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony, to be therein specified, is or are in a State of Disturbance, and requires or require an additional Establishment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such and so many Chief Constables, Constables, and Sub-Constables as he or they shall think proper, not exceeding One such Chief Constable, Two Head Constables, and Fifty such Constables or Sub-Constables for any One Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City or County of a Town or District of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony, which may have been so declared to be in a State of Disturbance.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be appointed to be a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act unless he shall be of a sound Constitution, able-bodied, and under the Age of Forty Years, able to read and write, of a good Character for Honesty, Fidelity, and Activity; and that no Person shall be appointed to be such Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable who shall be a Game-keeper, Wood-ranger, Tithe Proctor, Viewer of Tithes, Bailiff, Sheriff's Bailiff, or Parish Clerk, or who shall be a hired Servant in the Employment of any Person whomsoever, or *ho shall keep any House for the Sale of Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and that if any Person who shall be appointed to be a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act shall at any Time after such his Appointment be or become a Game-keeper, Wood-ranger, Tithe Proctor, Viewer of Tithes, Bailiff, Sheriff's Bailiff, or Parish Clerk, or a hired Servant, or shall act in any of the said Capacities, or shall sell any Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, such Person shall be and become disabled from and incapable of acting and shall forfeit his Appointment as Constable, and all Authority and Privilege, and all Salary and Gratuity payable to him as a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Chief Constable, Head Constable, Constable, and Sub-constable to be appointed under this Act shall, when not engaged on actual Duty, attend on the Justices of the Peace at their several General or Quarter Sessions, and also at their Petty Sessions, which shall be held at the respective Places

E where

tional Number of Constable* on Certification by Magistrates of the Necessity thereof.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint additional Constables for any Part of Ireland declared by Proclamation to be in a disturbed State.

Qualifications and Disqualifications for Constables.

Constables to attend Magistrates and execute their Warrants.

56

C. 13.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18B6.

Constables to execute all Pzooesses to them directed.

Persons appointed under this Act to take an Oath previous to acting.

Form of Oath.

where such Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable may be stationed, and shall obey and execute aU the lawful Warrants, Orders, and Commands of such Justices at such Sessions In dU Cases, Civil and Criminal: Provided always, that no Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable shall be employed under such Authority to levy Tithes or Tithe Composition, or to levy Rents by Distress, or to levy Fines or Penalties under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue in Ireland, nor to enforce any Acts relating to the Laws for the Preservation of Game or Fish, except only in Cases where forcible Resistance shall have been actually made and proved by Information taken on Oath.

XVI. And be it enacted, That, except as aforesaid, every Chief Constable, Head Constable, Constable, and Sub-Constable, appointed under this Act, shall within his Jurisdiction execute all Processes to him directed for levying the Amount of any Fine or Fines which shall be imposed under any Act in force in Ireland, or for levying the Amount of any Recognizance forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Fines imposed on any Jurors, Witnesses, Parties, or Persons at any Assizes, or Commission of Oyer apd Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or Sessions of the Peace; and when any Warrant, Order, or Command of any Magistrate shall be delivered or given to any such Head Constable or Sub-Constable, he shall, if the Time will permit, show or deliver the same to the Chief Constable under whose immediate Command such Head Constable or Sub-Constable shall then be, and such Chief Constable shall nominate and appoint by Indorsement thereon such One or more of the Constables under his Orders, and such Assistant or Assistants to him or them as such Chief Constable shall think proper, to execute such Warrant, Order, or Command; and every such Constable whose Name shall be so indorsed, and every such Assistant as aforesaid, shall have all and every the same Rights, Powers, and Authorities for and in the Execution of every such Warrant, Order, or Command as if the same had been originally directed to him or them expressly by Name.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Person appointed under this Act to be an Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, County Inspector, or Sub-Inspector, Receiver, Magistrate, Paymaster, Clerk, Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable, shall be, except as is herein-before provided, capable of holding the said Office, or of acting in any Way therein, until he shall take and subscribe the Oath here following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign

Lord the King in the Office of Inspector General, Deputy

Inspector General, County Inspector, or Sub-Inspector, Receiver,

Paymaster, Clerk, Magistrate, Chief Constable or Head Constable, ' [or Constable, or Sub-Constable, as the Case may be, -\ without ' Favour or Affection, Malice or Ill-will; that I will see and cause

His Majesty's Peace to be kept and preserved, and that I will prevent to the best of my Power all Offences against the same;

and that while I shall continue to hold the said Office I will, to the

best of my Skill and Knowledge, discharge all the Duties thereof, ' in the Execution of Warrants and otherwise, faithfully according ' to Law; and that I do not now belong, and that I will not, while

I shall hold the said Office, join, subscribe, or belong, to any poli-

10 4 tical

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

55

of the Peace, being a Majority of the Magistrates then present, - tional Number shall certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or of Constables Governors of Ireland, that the Number of Chief or other Con- ?n Certification stables or Sub-Constables so appointed for any such County is of the^ece^y inadequate to the due Execution of the Law within the same, it thereof, shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such further Number of Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables for such County as may be so certified to be necessary, and to remove such Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables from Time to Time.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Poorer to Lord

and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- L, eu.ten"Jt..to now of Ireland, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, XraKkmst*. to declare by Proclamation that any County, County of a City, or bles for any County of a Town in Ireland, or any Barony or Baronies, Half Part of Ireland Barony or Half Baronies in any County at large, or any District of declared by less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony, to be therein specified, to

is or are in a State of Disturbance, and requires or require an addi- turj^ state, tional Establishment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such and so many Chief Constables, Constables, and Sub-Constables as he or they shall think proper, not exceeding One such Chief Constable, Two Head Constables, and Fifty such Constables or Sub-Constables for any One Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City or County of a Town or District of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony, which may have been so declared to be in a State of Distinrtiance.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be appointed to Qualifications be a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act *nd Di*p»li-unless he shall be of a sound Constitution, able-bodied, and under

the Age of Forty Years, able to read and write, of a good Character for Honesty, Fidelity, and Activity; and that no Person shall be appointed to be such Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable who shall be a Game-keeper, Wood-ranger, Tithe Proctor, Viewer of Tithes, Bailiff, Sheriff's Bailiff, or Parish Clerk, or who shall be a hired Servant in the Employment of any Person whomsoever, or who shall keep any House for the Sale of Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and that if any Person who shall be appointed to be a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act shall at any Time after such his Appointment be or become a Game-keeper, Wood-ranger, Tithe Proctor, Viewer of Tithes,

Bailiff, Sheriff's Bailiff, or Parish Clerk, or a hired Servant, or shall act in any of the said Capacities, or shall sell any Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, such Person shall be and become disabled from and incapable of acting and shall forfeit his Appointment as Constable, and all Authority and Privilege, and all Salary and Gratuity payable to him as a Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable under this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Chief Constable, Head Constables to Constable, Constable, and Sub-constable to be appointed under this attend Magu-Act shall, when not engaged on actual Duty, attend on the Justices trates> and of the Peace at their several General or Quarter Sessions, and also WarcantL^ at their Petty Sessions, which shall be held at the respective Places

E where

58

C. 13.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Constables dismissed to lose their Powers, and deliver up the Arms, Ac.

Constables not to resign without Lave.

County Inspectors, &c. to be exempt from Tolls.

the Justices before whom he may be convicted transmitted to the Paymaster of the County: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to mitigate or remit any such Penalty.

XX. And be it enacted, That when any Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable shall be dismissed from or shall cease to hold and exercise his Office, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable shall immediately cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and if any Constable or Sub-Constable shall not, within One Week after he shall be dismissed from or shall cease to hold and exercise his Office, deliver over all and every the Arms, Ammunition, and Accoutrements, Horse, Saddle, Bridle, Clothing, and other Appointments whatsoever, which may have been supplied to him for the Execution of such Office, to the Paymaster for the County, or to such Person and at such Time and Place as shall be directed by the said Paymaster, every Person making default herein shall, upon Conviction for such Offence before any Two or more Magistrates upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, be subject and liable to Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any such Period not exceeding the Term of Two Calendar Months, and kept to hard Labour, as such Magistrates shall think proper to direct; and it shall be lawful for such Magistrates, and they are hereby authorized and required, to commit every such Offender accordingly, and to issue their Warrant to ^search for and seize, to the Use of His Majesty, all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Accoutrements, Horses, Saddles, Bridles, Clothing, and other Appointments whatsoever which shall not be so delivered over, wherever the same shall be found.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Head Constable, Constable, or Sub-Constable to be appointed under this Act shall be at liberty to resign his Office, or to withdraw himself from the Duties thereof unless expressly authorized so to do in Writing by the County Inspector or Sub-Inspector under whom he may be placed, or unless he shall give to such Inspector One Month's Notice of his Intention so to resign or withdraw; and if any Head Constable, Constable, or Sub-Constable shall so resign or withdraw himself without such previous Permission or Notice, he shall for such Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds upon Conviction before Two Justices of the Peace; and it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, in case such Penalty shall not be paid, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and kept to hard Labour; and all Penalties so to be levied shall be paid to the Paymaster or One of the Paymasters of the County, to be applied and accounted for as herein-after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all County Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, Chief and other Constables and Sub-Constables, appointed and acting under this Act, being on actual Duty, and in proper Dress or Undress as such, and all Prisoners under their Charge, and all Carriages and Horses exclusively employed in carrying or conveying such Persons or their Prisoners or Baggage, or returning therefrom, and not otherwise engaged or employed, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on passing

AJM886.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

59

ing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or to be made; and any Toll Collector who sludl demand and receive any Duty or Toll contrary to this Act shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so offending, on Conviction in a summary Way before a Justice of the Peace, the same to be paid to the Person from whom such Duty or Toll shall have been received, and to be applied as any Penalties payable to any Chief or other Constable are directed by this Act to be applied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Inspector General, Deputy Inspector, Receiver, Paymaster, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief or other Constable or Sub-Constable, appointed and acting under this Act, shall be liable to serve the Office of Churchwarden, Parish Overseer, or Constable, or to serve as a Juror in any Case, Civil or Criminal, 'or to be chosen or ballotted to serve in the Militia, or subject to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment whatsoever for declining or refusing to serve in any such Capacity.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inspector General or Deputy Inspector General to be appointed under this Act, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons to be nominated for the Purpose from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to examine on Oath into the Truth of any Charges or Complaint preferred against any Person to be appointed under this Act, of any Neglect or Violation of Duty in his Office, and to report thereon to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and any Person who on any such Inquiry, or on any other Occasion on which an Oath may be administered under this Act, shall give false Evidence or take a false Oath, and be thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not appointed and acting under this Act shall have in his or her Possession any Arms or Ammunition, or any Article of Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments, supplied to any Person under this Act, and shall not be able satisfactorily to account for his or her Possession thereof, or shall put on or assume the Dress, Name, Designation, or Description of any Person or Persons, or of any Class of Persons, appointed under this Act, for the Purpose of thereby obtaining Admission into any House or other Place, or of doing or procuring to be done any other Act which such Person or Persons so putting on or assuming such Dress, Name, Designation, or Description would not by Law be entitled to do or procure to be done of his or their own Authority, every such Person so offending shall, in addition to any other Punishment to which he or she may be liable for such Offence, forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to he recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender on summary Conviction before Two Justices of the Peace, or in default of Payment thereof shall be imprisoned for

County Inspectors, &c. not to be liable to serve as Churchwardens, Jurons&c.

Oaths may be administered on Police In. quiries.

Penalty on unlawful Possession of Armi, &c. supplied to Constabulary, and on assuming the Dress, Name, &c. of Constables, &e. 101, or Two Months Imprisonment and hard Labour.

6a

a 13.

6d & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

As to the Stamp Duty on Appointments of Persons holding Situationsunder former Acts.

Inspectors, &c. may be ordered to other Counties;

their Exponces to be defrayed by the County to which they are removed.

any Period not exceeding Two Calendar Months, and kept to bard Labour; such Penalty to be paid to one of the County Paymasters appointed under this Act, and by him paid over to the Receiver, to be applied by him in aid of the Police Reward Fund provided in and by this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person already appointed and now acting under the said recited Acts or any of them, who shall be appointed to any Situation under this Act, shall be liable to pay any new or greater or other Stamp Duty on such new Appointment than would be payable by Law on an Appointment to a Situation of the annual Value of the Difference, if any, between the annual Value of the Situation now held by such Person and the annual Value of such new Situation.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector General, subject to the Direction and Control of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, from Time to Time, as may be deemed expedient, to order and direct that every or any the Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, Paymasters, Chief or other Constables, or that the whole or any Number of Chief or other Constables, or of Sub-Constables of any County, Barony, Half Barony, or other Division of a Barony, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, shall go and repair to such Place or Places in any other County or Counties, or in any County of a City or County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, in Ireland, as shall be mentioned in such Order, and shall remain there for such Length of Time, or remove to or remain at any other Place or Places in the same or any other County, City, or Town for such Time and Times, and shall return to his or their original County, Barony, Half Barony, and other Division of a Barony, City, or Town at such Time and Times respectively, as shall be mentioned or directed in or by such Order, or by any other Order or Orders which may from Time to Time be made by such Inspector General, subject to the like Direction and Control; and that such Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, Paymasters, Chief and other Constables, and Sub-Constables, when so removed, shall have the same Rights, Powers, and Authorities, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Orders, and be in all respects in the same Situation in the County or other Districts or Places to which they shall be so removed, as if they had been originally appointed in and for such County or District

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where any such Order as last aforesaid shall be acted upon, all Expences to be incurred for the Purposes of this Act by or on account of any Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Paymaster, Chief Constable or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, shall, during such Time as he shall be or remain in any County, or any Barony or Half Barony or other Division of a Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, be defrayed in the same Manner in all respects by such County, or Barony or Half Barony or other Division of a Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, in respect of which such Expences shall have been incurred, and to which it shall be by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors declared that such Expences relate, as if he had been originally appointed in and for the same.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1S.

61

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to fix and appoint such annual Salaries as to him or them may from Time to Time seem proper, not exceeding the several Sums hereis-after specified, to be paid in such Manner and subject to such Regulations and Provisions as he or they may direct, to the several Persons appointed under this Act; (that is to say,) to the Inspector General of Police an annual Salary not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to each Deputy Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, to the Receiver of the said Constabulary Force an annual Salary not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, to each County Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to each Sub-Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to each Paymaster an annual Salary not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to each Chief Constable an annual Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to each Head Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Seventy Pounds, to each Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Thirty-five Pounds, to each Sub-Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, and to the Clerks in the Office of the Inspector General annual Salaries not exceeding in the whole for all such Clerks the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds; and a rateable Proportion of such Salaries shall be payable for any Portion of a Year during which any Person entitled thereto may serve or have served; and in case of the Dismissal of any such Person, and the Imposition upon him of any Fine or Penalty under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful to retain and deduct the Amount thereof from and out of the Salary due or accruing due to such Person.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Office or Employment under this Act shall prevent the Holder thereof from receiving any Half Pay to which, if he did not hold such Office or Employment, he might be or become entitled under any Act passed or hereafter to be passed, unless it shall be specially mentioned and provided in such Act that Persons holding Appointments under this Act shall not receive Half Pay.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by reason of any County or County of a City or County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, being in a State of Disturbance, or owing to the Absence or Non-residence of a Magistrate in any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, or in any District of any County, or for any other sufficient Cause, to be expedient, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to appoint during his or their Pleasure One or more Persons for any County, or for any County of a City or County of a Town, to be Magistrates for said County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, or for any Part or District of any County, or for any District consisting of any Parts of any Two or more adjoining Counties, or for any One or more Barony or Baronies in any County, in Ireland, or for any District conasting of any County and of a County of & City or County of

Power to Lord Lieutenant to fix Salaries of Inspectors, &c.

Employments under this Act not to prevent the Holders from receiving Half Pay.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint resident Magistrates by Warrant under Hand and Seal.

62

ai3.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S&

Warrant to contain Grounds of Appointment, See.

Magistrates not to bold any other Office.

Salary of such Magistrates.

Expences of .Constables to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund.

of a Town, Town and Liberties, or City and County, or any Fart or Parts thereof respectively, and from Time to Time to dismiss or remove any such Magistrate at his or their Will and Pleasure; and every Magistrate who shall be so appointed under this Act shall on his Appointment forthwith take the Oaths by Law required, and in such Manner as such Oaths are by Law required to be taken by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, and he shall thereupon to all Intents and Purposes be and become a Justice of the Peace in and for the County or Counties, or City or Town in and for which he shall be appointed to be such Magistrate as aforesaid, and also for each and every County at large, or County of a City or County of a Town, Town and Liberties, or City and County adjoining to or locally situate within such his proper County, City, or Town, and shall have within such adjoining County, City, or Town all the Authority necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of IreUmd shall, in every such Warrant as aforesaid, state specifically the Grounds of the Appointment of the Magistrate to whom it shall relate, and shall cause the Name of every such Magistrate so appointed to be published in the next Dublin Gazette.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person appointed to be a Magistrate with a Salary under this Act shall be capable of holding any other Office under this Act

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every such Magistrate while he shall hold such Office shall have and receive such Salary by the Year not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and rateably for any shorter Period, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from Time to Time direct, and also such Allowance for Forage as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit: Provided always, that if any Person now acting as a Magistrate under any of the herein-before recited Acts shall be appointed to act as a Magistrate under this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to allow him any annual Salary and Allowances not exceeding the Amount of the Salary and Allowances enjoyed by such Person as such Magistrate under the said Acts or any of them.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to order that any such Sum or Sums as he or they shall think proper shall from Time to Time be advanced and paid out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, arising in Ireland, for the Payment of the several Salaries and Remunerations and Allowances, and the Purchase of Arms, Accoutrements, Horses, Bridles, Saddles, Appointments, Houses, Outhouses, Furniture, and Accommodations payable under or proper for the Use of the Constabulary Force to be appointed under this Act, and also for all Rents and Taxes payable for and in respect of such Houses, Outhouses, and for repairing all such Houses and Outhouses from Time to Time, and for the Forage of such Horses, and for the Expence of the Magis-

14 irate *

A.D. 186.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

61

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to fix and appoint such annual Salaries as to him or them may from Time to Time seem proper, not exceeding the several Sums herein-after specified, to be paid in such Manner and subject to such Regulations and Provisions as he or they may direct, to the several Persons appointed under this Act; (that is to say,) to the Inspector General of Police an annual Salary not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to each Deputy Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, to the Receiver of the said Constabulary Force an annual Salary not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, to each County Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to each Sub-Inspector an annual Salary not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to each Paymaster an annual Salary not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to each Chief Constable an annual Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to each Head Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Seventy Pounds, to each Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Thirty-five Pounds, to each Sub-Constable an annual Salary not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, and to the Clerks in the Office of the Inspector General annual Salaries not exceeding in the whole for all such Clerks the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds; and a rateable Proportion of such Salaries shall be payable for any Portion of a Year during which any Person entitled thereto may serve or have served; and in case of the Dismissal of any such Person, and the Imposition upon him of any Fine or Penalty under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful to retain and deduct the Amount thereof from and out of the Salary due or accruing due to such Person.

XXa. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Office or Employment under this Act shall prevent the Holder thereof from receiving any Half Pay to which, if he did not hold such Office or Employment, he might be or become entitled under any Act passed or hereafter to be passed, unless it shall be specially mentioned and provided in such Act that Persons holding Appointments under this Act shall not receive Half Pay.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by reason of any County or County of a City or County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, being in a State of Disturbance, or owing to the Absence or Non-residence of a Magistrate in any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, or in any District of any County, or for any other sufficient Cause, to be expedient, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to appoint during his or their Pleasure One or more Persons for any County, or for any County of a City or County of a Town, to be Magistrates for said County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties, or for any Part or District of any County, or for any District consisting of any Parts of any Two or more adjoining Counties, or for any One or more Barony or Baronies in any County, in Ireland, or for any District consisting of any County and of a County of a City or County

Power to Lord Lieutenant to fix Salaries of Inspectors, &c.

Employments under this Act not to prevent the Holders from receiving Half Pay.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint resident Magistrates by Warrant under Hand and Seat.

64

C. 13.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Monies to be lodged in the Bank of Ireland.

Monies to be accounted for, and Accounts to be examined by the Commissioners.

Receiver to make Contracts* and all the

or any Three or more of them, to appoint a Person to receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act, who shall be called "The Receiver for the Constabulary Force of Ireland and the said Lord High Treasurer for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, may remove any such Person if he or they shall see Occasion so to do, and may, upon any Vacancy in that Office by Death, Removal, or otherwise* appoint another Person to be such Receiver; and the Receiver for the Time being shall

five Security to His Majesty in a Bond, with Two Sureties, in such uni as the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, such Bond to be conditioned for the faithful Performance of his Duty by such Receiver, and for the due Application of all Monies paid to him under this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being shall receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and shall keep an exact and particular Account thereof, and shall immediately pay all Monies, Bills, and Notes by him received under this Act into die Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the same shall be placed to an Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, which shall be entitled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver for the Constabulary Force in Ireland," and such Receiver shall draw out of the said Bank from Time to Time such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances payable under this Act, and of all other Charges and Expences attendant upon the Execution of the same, and shall from Time to Time transmit to the Paymasters of the several Counties the Monies required to defray all such Salaries, Charges, and Expences within such Counties respectively: Provided always, that the said Receiver and the said Paymaster shall be governed, in respect to all their pecuniary Transactions, whether of Receipt or Payment, and in respect of the Periods in which and for which they shall severally and respectively deliver their Accounts of such Receipts and Payments, accompanied by the proper and necessary Vouchers in support thereof, and as to the Manner in which such Accounts shall be kept and prepared and exhibited for Audit, by such Rules and Regulations as shall be issued in that respect from Time to Time by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and every Draft or Order for Money on the Bank of Ireland, drawn by the Receiver, shall be countersigned by the Inspector General or by one of his Deputies; and all Drafts and Orders so drawn and countersigned, but not otherwise, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons named therein or to the Bearers of them.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver and the said Paymaster shall be and be deemed to be Public Accountants, and shall be subject to the Regulations and Penalties in force in respect to Public Accountants; and that their Accounts ah*! be submitted to and examined by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or by such Person or Persons as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct

XL. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver for the Time being shall make all such Contracts as shall be necessary for purchasing

A.D. 1836.

C. 13.

65

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

V.

chasing or ithting any Lands or Buildings, or for erecting, fitting up, furnishing, or repairing any Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Governors of Ireland shall direct; and the Right, Title, Property, and Interest to and in all Lands and Buildings, and in and to the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and in and to all Goods and Chattels whatsoever to be from Time to Time held, rented, or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the said Receiver for the Time being, in whom shall be vested the Property in and to all Arms, Accoutrements, Horses, Saddles, Bridles, and other Necessaries to be at any Time furnished to the said Constabulary Force; and the said Receiver for the Time being may sell, assign, or dispose of the Whole or any Part of any such Property as aforesaid, and as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from Time to Time direct, and the Monies arising from such Sale or Disposition shall be carried to and make Part of the Funds arising to the Credit of the Account of the said Receiver at the Bank of Ireland: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to establish such Regulations as he or they may think proper in respect of all Contracts to be entered into, or Purchases or Payments made, for or on account of the said Constabulary Force; which several Rules and Regulations shall be certified by the said Commissioners of the Treasury to the said Receiver and to the several and respective Paymasters of the several Counties, and shall be of full Force and Authority, and shall be observed by all Persons whatsoever in relation to aH Matters and Things therein contained.

XLI. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Receiver appointed under this Act the Balance of Cash for which he, shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Receiver with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or on the Superannuation Fund or Reward Fund Account, and all Stock, Bills, Notes, Government or other Securities for Money, which he may at such Time have in that Character, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the Office of Receiver, actually vest in such Successor, and shall be immediately transferred to the Account of such Successor, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being is hereby required to issue his Drafts or Orders, countersigned by the said Inspector General or Deputy Inspector, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the Monies in the Bank, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Receiver.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Person, having resigned o* having been removed from the Office of Receiver, shall neglect, within Twenty-one Days after Notice for such Purpose, to account for and pay to any succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Receiver for the Time being, in his own proper Name only, or by Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same from such Person, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by 6 A 7 Uul. IV. F Action

Property acquired under this Act to be rested in him.

Upon the Death or Removal of Receiver, the Balance of Cash at the Bank shall be transferred to his Successor.

Upon Removal of Receiver, his Successor may sue for any Balance in his Hands.

66

a 13,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Mode of proceeding.

Special Bail.

Court may refer the Accounts to an Officer or Arbitrator.

Mode of proceeding against the Representatives of a deceased Receiver.

Proof of Receiver's official Character.

Reputation to be Evidence of Appointments.

Action of Debt; in which Action it' shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant in the Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of. such Court, be held to Special Bail in such competent Sum as the Judge shall order; and the Court in which the Action shall be brought may, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in dispute in a summary Manner to be audited by any Officer of the Court, or other fit Person, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the Baid Referee shall have Power to administer) , and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall show good Cause to the contrary, the Court may make a Rule, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon the Report shall appear to be due, or for staying the Proceedings in the Action, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the Court shall appear reasonable, or the Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession for such Sum as upon the Report shall appear to be due.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death of any Person during the Time that he shall be holding the Office of Receiver, or after he shall have resigned or been removed from such Office, the Receiver for the Time being may, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover from the Executors or Administrators of such Persons deceased all such Sums of Money as shall have been remaining in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received to his Use for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action hath accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same from such^ Executors or Administrators; and the like Action may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like Manner, and avail themselves of the like Matters in defence, as in any Action founded upon Simple Contracts of the original Testator or Intestate; and the Court may refer the Account in dispute to be audited by any Officer or Person, and may proceed upon the Report of such Referee in like Manner as herein-before mentioned; and in all Actions to be brought, as well as in all Proceedings whatsoever to be instituted or carried on by any Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of his acting in the Execution of the Office of Receiver shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding such Office, unless the contrary shall be shown in Evidence by the Defendants in such Actions, or the Parties against whom such Proceedings shall be instituted or carried on.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any Question shall arise as to the Right of any Magistrate, or of any Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief Constable or Head Constable, or Sub-Constable, to hold or execute any such Office respectively, common Reputation shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed and held to be sufficient Evidence of such Right; and it shall not be necessary to produce any

Appointment,

A.D. 1836.

-6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.-

C. 13.

67

Appointment, or Any Oath, Affidavit, or other Document or Matter whatsoever, in Proof of such Right

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or in anywise be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal, affect, or take away the Election or Appointment of High Constables by Grand Juries for the Purpose of collecting the Sums presented by such Grand Junes, or of Parish Constables, or Constables of any Leet, in Ireland, or of Petty Constables of Baronies or Districts, by Grand Juries or by Magistrates at Sessions, or to take away or diminish or infringe the Powers or Authorities of any such Constables in any respect whatever; but no such Constable shall be deemed to belong to the said Constabulary Force, nor as such be entitled to any Payment or Salary under this Act

XLVI. And be it enacted, That there shall be deducted from the Pay and Salary of the several Persons appointed under this Act except the Receiver and Paymasters, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, and so rateably from any Pay or Salary of whatever Amount; which Sum so deducted shall from Time to Time be invested in Government Stock by and in the Name of such Receiver, and the Interest and Dividends thereof, or so much of the same as shall not be required for the Purposes herein-after next mentioned, shall be likewise invested in such Stock, and accumulate so as to form a Fund to be called "The Police Superannuation Fund, *' and to be applied from Time to Time as Occasion may require for the Payment of such Superannuation or Retiring Allowances or Gratuities as may be at any Time from the passing of this Act ordered or appointed from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, under the Powers herein-after given to him, to be charged on the said Fund or payable thereout; and in case the Fund so accumulated shall be inadequate to pay such Superannuations or Retiring Allowances, one Half of such Deficiency shall be made up by Presentment of the Grand Juries of the respective Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in such Proportions as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, and the other Half thereof shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland: Provided always, that in the Case of any yearly Allowance, Remuneration, or Superannuation granted under the said recited Acts, and directed to be presented by the Grand Jury of any County, the same shall be wholly payable and presented by the Grand Jury of such County as heretofore.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in his or their Discretion, upon the Petition of any Magistrate, Superintendent, Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, who shall have been appointed under this Act, or who may have been appointed and acted under said recited Acts or any of them, and, in the Case of any Chief Constable, upon such Recommendations and Certificates as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall require and

F 2 direct,

This Act not to extend to High Constables, Parish or Leet Constables.

Superannuation Fund to be provided.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to superannuate Inspector, &c., and Grand Jury shall present yearly Allowances accordingly.

C. 18.

6# & 7* GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Condition and Proportions of Allowances to Constables superannuated.

direct, to order and direct that any such Magistrate, Inspector, Deputy Inspector, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief Constable or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such yearly Allowance, Remuneration, Superannuation, or Gratuity, and upon such Conditions, and not exceeding such Proportions as to Age, Length of Service, and other Circumstances, as herein-after mentioned and provided for, and thereupon such Person shall cease to hold such Office; and when such Person shall have served in more than One County it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, by Warrant under his or their Hand, to apportion on each County in which he may have served such Portion of the Superannuation Allowance as he may think should be borne by such County; and the yearly Sum to which any such Magistrate, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, shall become so entitled, or the Portion thereof apportioned as aforesaid, shall be presented by the Grand Jury of the County on which it shall be chargeable in Two equal Sums, one at each Assize or Presenting Term, during his Life, on Proof to the Grand Jury from Time to Time that the Person so entitled to such Superannuation is living, unless such yearly Allowance, Superannuation, or Remuneration shall be by such Lord Lieutenant directed to be chargeable on the Police Superannuation Fund herein-before provided, which such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors is and are hereby authorized and empowered to do: Provided nevertheless, that unless such Superannuation Fund shall be adequate to discharge such Allowance, Superannuation, or Remuneration, together with the several Allowances, Remunerations, or Superannuations previously charged upon and made payable thereout, it shall not be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant to grant any such Allowance, Remuneration, or Superannuation so chargeable upon the said Superannuation Fund, without the Consent of the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them *

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Conditions and Proportions of such Allowance, Remuneration, or Superannuation shall be as follows; (that is to say,) where any Person applying for the same shall be under Sixty Years of Age it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance, Compensation, Remuneration, or Superannuation, unless as herein-after provided, or upon Certificate from such Persons as may be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the medical Inspection of Persons appointed under this Act or any of the said recited Acts, that such Person is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties of his Office, in which Case, if he shall have served with Diligence and Fidelity for Fifteea Years, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation an annual Sum not exceeding One Half of the Salary of his Office; if above Fifteen Years and less than Twenty, any Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of such Salary; if above Twenty Yean, any such Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary; and if such Person shall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he shall have served Fifteen Years or upwards, it shall and may be lawful, although there shall be no Certificate of Incapacity from Infirmity or Injury

A.D. 1836.

S? & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

67

Appointment, or Any Oath, Affidavit, or other Document or Matter whatsoever, in Proof of such Right

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or in anywise be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal, affect, or take away the Election or Appointment of High Constables by Grand Juries for the Purpose of collecting the Sums presented by such Grand Juries, or of Parish Constables, or Constables of any Leet, in Ireland, or of Petty Constables of Baronies or Districts, by Grand Juries or by Magistrates at Sessions, or to take away or diminish or infringe the Powers or Authorities of any such Constables in any respect whatever; but no such Constable shall be deemed to belong to the said Constabulary Force, nor as such be entitled to any Payment or Salary under this Act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That there shall be deducted from the Pay and Salary of the several Persons appointed under this Act, except the Receiver and Paymasters, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, and so rateably from any Pay or Salary of whatever Amount; which Sum so deducted shall from Time to Time be invested in Government Stock by and in the Name of such Receiver, and the Interest and Dividends thereof, or so much of the same as shall not be required for the Purposes herein-after next mentioned, shall be likewise invested in such Stock, and accumulate so as to form a Fund to be called "The Police Superannuation Fuad," and to be applied from Time to Time as Occasion may require for the Payment of such Superannuation or Retiring Allowances or Gratuities as may be at any Time from the passing of this Act ordered or appointed from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, under the Powers herein-after given to him, to be charged.on the said Fund or payable thereout; and in case the Fund so accumulated shall be inadequate to pay such Superannuations or Retiring Allowances, one Half of such Deficiency shall be made up by Presentment of the Grand Juries of the respective Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in such Proportions as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, and the other Half thereof shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland: Provided always, that in the Case of any yearly Allowance, Remuneration, or Superannuation granted under the said recited Acts, and directed to be presented by the Grand Jury of any County, the same shall be wholly payable and presented by the Grand Jury of such County as heretofore.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in his or their Discretion, upon the Petition of any Magistrate* Superintendent, Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, who shall have been appointed under this Act, or who may have been appointed and acted under said recited Acts or any of them, and, in the Case of any Chief Constable, upon such Recommendations and Certificates as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall require and

F 2 direct,

This Act not to extend to High Constables, Parish or Leet Constables.

Superannuation Fund to be provided.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to superannuate Inspector, &c., and Grand Jury shall present yearly Allowances accordingly.

70

Each Paymaster to keep Accounts of Receipts and Payments, to be submitted half-yearly to the special Road Sessions;

to be transmitted to Inspector General.

Sub-Inspectors to transmit to Inspector-General and to Secretary of Grand Jury monthly Returns of the Disposition and Number of the Constabulary Force,

The Certificate of Charge to be prepared by the Inspector General upon the monthly Returns.

C. IS. 6? & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Warrant, or for any Want of Jurisdiction in the Magistrate issuing the same, and such Constable may plead the General Issue and give such Warrant in Evidence; and upon producing such Warrant, and proving that the Signature thereto is the Handwriting of the Person whose Name shall appear subscribed thereto, and that such Person is reputed to be and acts as a Magistrate of such County or District (as the Case may be) , and that the Act or Acts complained of were done in obedience to such Warrant, the Jury who shall try the said Issue shall find a Verdict for such Constable, and such Constable shall recover his Costs of Suit

LI. And be it enacted, That each Paymaster appointed under this Act shall keep Accounts of all Sums received and of all Payments and Disbursements made on account of the Constabulary Force in each County or District for which he shall act; and that such Accounts shall be made up on the First Day of every Month, and transmitted to the said Receiver; and a Copy of each such monthly Account shall on the same Day be transmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which the same shall relate, and be by him laid before the Magistrates at the special Road Sessions next preceding the next General Assizes, who shall inspect the same, and, if they shall so think fit, examine the said Paymaster on Oath as to any Matter or Thing contained in such Account, and each such Paymaster shall for that Purpose attend such special Road Sessions, if so required, and submit to such Examination; and the Chairman of such special Road Sessions shall transmit each such monthly Account to the said Inspector General, with such Remarks thereon as such special Road Sessions shall think fit to make.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Sub-Inspector appointed under this 'Act shall on the First Day of every Month transmit to the said Inspector General a Return, showing the actual Disposition and Number of the Constabulary Force of the County for which such Sub-Inspector shall act during the preceding Month, which Return shall specify the Changes made from Time to Time therein, as well in Number as by Name, and shall distinguish by Number and Name the Members of the Police Force of other Counties serving within any such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and shall also on the same Day transmit to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Return shall relate, a Copy of the said Return, to be laid before the Magistrates at their special Road* Sessions next preceding the next General Assizes* for Examination.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inspector General to be appointed under this Act shall, in making out his Certificate as herein-before provided of the Monies chargeable under the Provisions of this Act on each County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Part of a County, have regard to such monthly Returns as aforesaid, and shall not include in his Certificate the Amount of any Charge with respect to which any Objection shall have been raised by the special Road Sessions of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, until, upon Inquiry made by such Inspector General, lie shall be satisfied that such

A.D. 1836.

« & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1S.

69

of Body or Mind, to grant him by way of Superannuation any annual Sum not exceeding Two Think of the Salary of his Office; if Sixty-five Yean of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Forty Years or upwards, any Sum not exceeding Three Fourths of such Salary; if Sixty-five Yean of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Fifty Yean or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary: Provided always, that if any such Person shall be disabled Allowances in by any Wound or Injury received in the actual Execution of the ca« of Wounds, Duty of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him such &c* yearly Allowance or Remuneration as may, in the Opinion of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, be proportioned to the Nature of the Injury received, without reference to the Length of his Service, provided that such Allowance or Remuneration shall in no Case exceed the whole of such Salary, and that in calculating the Period for which any such Person has served, the Time he may have served under any of such recited Acts shall be reckoned: Provided also, that every such yearly Superannuation Allowance may, at the Time of its being granted, or at any Time afterwards, be commuted for a Gratuity, payable immediately, at such Rate as the Lord Lieutenant or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being may approve of.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Fines imposed on any Chief Fines on Conor other Constable under this Act, and all Penalties or Proportions «tal>ies and of Penalties and Damages awarded to any Chief or other Constable W-

or other Person appointed under this Act by any Justice or Jus- p0 ^, form tices of the Peace, on any summary Conviction, as the Prosecutor a Fund to be of any Information or otherwise, shall be paid to the Paymaster of called the each County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which "Police Re-such Fine shall be imposed or such Conviction shall be had, and TOrd Fund* shall be by such Paymaster paid to the said Receiver to be appointed under this Act in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time direct, so as that the same may form a Fund to be called the " Police Reward Fund," to be invested in Government Stock by and in the Name of sack Receiver for the Time being, and accumulate for the Pay* raentof such Rewards, Gratuities, Bounties, Pensions, or other Allowances as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland may from Time to Time award or direct to be paid to any Person or Persons appointed under this Act, or to the Widows and Families of any such Person on his Death; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to direct, if he or they shall think fit, that any Proportion not exceeding Ten Shillings in the Year for every One hundred Pounds of the Salary of every Person appointed under this Act, and so in proportion for any Salary less than One hundred Pounds, shall, in addition to the Deduction herein-before mentioned of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum towards the Formation of the said Superannuation Fund, be deducted yearly from such Salaries, and added to the said Reward Fund, and form Part thereof.

L Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Action For Protection shall be brought against any Constable for any Act done in of Constables in obedience to the Warrant of any Magistrate, such Constable shall executing not be responsible for any Irregularity in the issuing of such arrants *

F 3 Warrant,

78

a h.

4° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Statutes

repealed:

11 &12G.S.(I.) 17 & 186.S.CI.)

17 & 18 G. 3.(I.) 19 & 20 G.3.(I.)

21 & 22G.S.(I.)

21 & 22 G. 3.(I«) 26 G. 3. (I.)

28 G. 3. (I.)

30 G. 3.(1.)

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend die Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland.

[20th May 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and to consolidate the same so amended in ' One Act, and to provide Means of administering and distributing ' the Estate and Effects of Bankrupts other than are now provided ' by Law Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law with respect to Outlawrys, returning Special Juries, and the future Effects of Bankrupts, in certain Ccwes, as relates to the Property of Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Year* of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an Act, intituled 1 An Act to present ' Frauds committed by Bankrupts, who do not keep regular Books of Account; and for continuing the said Law, and other Purposes; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain an Act, intituled ' An Act is ' prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes, as relates to Acts relating to Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Belief of Insolvent Persons under a certain Description, as relates to Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Belief of uncertificated Bankrupts; and also so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing the Acts relative to Bankrupts, and for reviving, continuing, and amending certain temporary Statutes, as relates to Acts relative to Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Clauses in an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an Act, intituled " An Act 4 to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts," who do not keep ' regular Books of Account; and for continuing the said Law, and, 1 other Purposes; and also so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to make perpetual the Laws for

14 preventing

m G. 3. (I.)

A.D. 1836. 6°&7° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

such Charge is not only reasonable, but has been properly made against the particular County, County of a City, or County of' a Town, the special Road Sessions of which shall have raised Objection thereto.

LIV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That the Inspector General shall not include in his Certificate any Charge which shall have accrued subsequently to the Date of the last monthly Account which shall have been submitted to the Magistrates of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Demand shall relate, at their General Special Road Sessions next preceding the Date of such Certificate.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That only so much of the County of Dublin as is not comprised within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, as the same may be defined by any Act passed or to be passed, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the County of Dublin.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons and Corporations Aggregate or Sole, having any Estate of Freehold in Possession in any Lands or Houses, and not otherwise by Law enabled so to do, from Time to Time to grant or demise to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act, or to any Person or Persons to be nominated by him for the Purpose, but in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for any Term of Years whatsoever, any House or Houses, not being the Mansion House or belonging thereto, or any Portion of Ground, not being the Garden, Lawn, or Park, not exceeding One Acre, for the Purpose of the same being occupied, used, or built upon for the Accommodation of the Constabulary Force to be appointed under this Act; every such Grant or Demise to be made at such annual Rent as may be agreed upon by or on behalf of such Inspector General, to be reserved to the Owner of the immediate Reversion in such Houses or Land for the Time being expectant on the Determination of such Term.

LVn. And be it enacted, That there shall be laid annually before both Houses of Parliament, during their Sitting, a Statement of the Amount of Constabulary Force employed in each County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, in which Statement shall be particularly distinguished the Number of Persons in each Class or Rank of the Constabulary Force so employed, with the Salaries and Allowances actually enjoyed by each Class, and that such Statement shall be accompanied by an Account of the whole Expenditure upon the Police Constabulary in each County, County of a City, or County of a Town, together with a Summary of the total Amount of Force employed, and of the total Expenditure upon the Constabulary Force in Ireland/ such Statements and Accounts to refer to the Year ended on the First of January of the Year on which they are hereby directed to be laid before Parliament.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

71

Certain Charges not to be included in the Certificate.

What to be deemed the County of Dublin.

Grant of Houses or Lands for the Use of the Constabulary.

Statement of Amount of Constabulary Force to be laid annually before Parliament.

Act may be altered this Session.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. '

A.D. 1836.

74

issued by such Commissioner.

Oath of Commissioner.

Sums to be paid to the Commissioner.

Restrictions on Commissioner.

Sums received by Commissioner to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, &c.

Lord Chancellor may regulate Fees of Officers, &c.

Compensation to existing

sskmars.

Britain and Ireland called Ireland, by virtue of this Act, shall be issued to the said Commissioner; and that such Commissioner shall, before he shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given him by virtue of this Act take an Oath.in the Presence of the Lord Chancellor to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

A according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the ' several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as Commissioner o:

Bankrupt, and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

Malice. So help me GOD. '

And the Commissioner, having once taken the said Oath, shall not again be required to take the same so long as he shall continue in Office.

V. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Fees now payable for like Matters the said Commissioner shall receive and be paid by the Agent to each Commission the Fee of Three Pounds Sterling for every Sitting under such Commission, and the like Sum for every Conveyance executed by him, and for the Signature to the Bankrupt's Certificate; and the Fees so payable shall, if not paid by the Agent to the Commission, be charged on and paid by the Assignees out of the Estate of the Bankrupt; and if the Commissioner shall directly or indirectly receive from the Creditors or out of the Estate of the Bankrupt any further Sum than as aforesaid, he shall be disabled for ever from acting as such Commissioner of Bankrupt.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall during his Continuance in such Office practise as a Barrister, or be capable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons.

VII. And be it enacted, That the several Sums directed as aforesaid to be paid to and received by the Commissioner shall be paid by him, at such Times as the Lord Chancellor shall by any Order direct, into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to a separate Account, to be entitled " The Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account;" and all Monies to be so paid in to the said Account shall be subject to such General Orders touching the Payment in, Investment, accounting for, and Payment out of such Monies, for the Purposes herein-after provided, as the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time think fit to prescribe, but the same shall not be subject to the Payment of any Poundage to the Usher of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to settle and regulate the Fees which shall be taken by and paid to the several Officers concerned in the issuing and suing forth and Execution of every such Commission of Bankruptcy as aforesaid, and upon all Petitions and Proceedings in the Execution thereof, other than such Fees as are hereby ordered, and, if he shall think fit, to direct that any of the said Fees shall be paid in to the Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account

IX. And whereas the Duties of the several Persons now acting

as Commissioners of Bankruptcy, and of the Messenger of the

Com-

A.D. 18S6.

6° ft T° GUL1ELM1 IV.

C.I4.

78

preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupt *, also for providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, and for continuing certain other temporary Statutes, as relates to Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Belief of uncertificated Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Belief of uncertificated Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third* intituled An Act for the Belief of uncertificated Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts; and also an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, be and the same are hereby repealed, save so far as the same repeal any other Act: Prodded, however, that all Matters heretofore done, or, until this Act shall take effect, to be done, under the said Acts or any of them, shall be as valid and effectual as if the said Acts were still in force.

11. And be it enacted, That all Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority of the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bank-rapt which shall be subsisting at the Time when this Act shall take effect shall cease and determine, and that every such Commission and all such Power and Authority shall be and is hereby transferred to the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act; and all further Proceedings shall be thenceforth carried on in like Manner as if such Commission had been originally issued by the Lord Chancellor, pursuant to this Act, to the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall render invalid any Proceedings which may have been had under any Commission now subsisting, or which shall have been issued before this Act shall come into operation, or affect or lessen any Right, Claim, Demand, or Remedy which any Person now has thereunder, or upon or against any Bankrupt against whom any such Commission has or shall have issued as aforesaid, except as herein specially enacted.

I1L And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being to appoint a fit and proper Person, being a Barrister at Law of not less than Ten Years standing at the Bar, to be the Commissioner in all Commissions of Bankrupt to be issued pnrmant to this Act, and to be called the Commissioner of Bankrupt, which Commissioner, so to be appointed, shall hold his Office daring good Behaviour: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being of Ireland to remove such Commissioner upon a Certificate from the Lord Chancellor of some sufficient Reason to be named therein for such Removal.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Commissions of Bankrupt issued under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

37 G. 3.(1.)

39 G. 3. (I.)

40 G. 3.(1.)

46 G. 3. c. 135. 49 G. 3. c. 121.

Power of present Commissioners to cease; and Commissions to be proceeded in by a Commissioner to be appointed under this Act, &c.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Corn-

All Commissions of Bankrupt to be

76

In case of Surplus in Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account the Lord Chancellor may order Diminution of the Fees.

Commissioner to sit when Business requires, and Provision in case of his Absence.

A Place at Dublin to be appointed for Sittings and Meetings.

Power to appoint a Register.

C. 14. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

XL. And be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to the Lord Chancellor that the Monies standing to the said Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account, together with the Fees expectant and to be payable to such Account, shall be sufficient to answer and pay the said Salary and other Payments for the Time being chargeable thereon, and to leave a Surplus, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to order such Abatement to be made in the Fees made payable by this Act as may to the said Lord Chancellor from Time to Time seem just and reasonable; and in case the Sums to be produced as aforesaid, and standing to the Credit of said Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account, shall not be sufficient to discharge the Salary and other Payments chargeable thereon, then such Sum as shall be required to pay the same shall be charged on and paid out of the Fund called "The Suitors Fee Fund "; and such Sum as shall be paid out of the said last-mentioned Fund in discharge of such Salary and other Payments shall be repaid out of the Monies and Securities standing to the Credit of the Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account, whenever there shall be a Surplus thereof after discharging the Salary and Payments chargeable thereon.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioner shall sit for the Dispatch of Business at all Times, Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday alone excepted, when the Business of the said Commissioner of Bankruptcy shall require it; and that if, from Sickness or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, he be absent, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to appoint a Person, being a Barrister at Law of not less than Ten Years standing, to perform the Duties of such Commissioner during such Absence, upon taking the Oath herein-before prescribed for the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act; and every such Person so appointed to perform the Duty of such Commissioner as aforesaid shall, during the Continuance of such Deputation or Appointment, have all and every the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, and be subject to all the Duties of such Commissioner under this Act; and every such Person who shall be so appointed to act during the Absence of such Commissioner as aforesaid shall receive from the said Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund Account such Proportion, and no more, of the Salary of such Commissioner for and during the Period of his Service, as shall be directed by the Deputation under which he shall be so appointed, and the Residue only shall for such Period be payable to such Commissioner.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to appoint a Place in Dublin where the Commissioner shall sit, and that as well all Sittings fixed by the Commissioner under Commissions of Bankruptcy, as also all Meetings of Creditors under Commissions which are held in pursuance of public Advertisement, shall be holden at such Place, and that until such Place shall be appointed such Sittings and Meetings shall be held at the Royal Exchange at Dublin; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if lie shall think it necessary for the proper Discharge of the Business of such Court, to appoint some proper Person to act as Register of the said Court, and to

direct

ad. me.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

77

direct that a Salary not exceeding Three hundred Pounds per Jjmwn shall be paid to him out of the said Bankruptcy and Compensation Fund, and from Time to Time to remove such Register, if he shall think fit, and on his Removal, or on his Resignation or Death, to appoint another Person in his Place.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall have Power from Time to Time to make General Rules and Orders for regulating the Practice and Sittings of the said Commissioner, and the Conduct of the other Officers and Persons concerned in the wing out or Execution of Commissions of Bankrupt.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall be liable to any Action for any thing done by him in the Execution of the Duties and Powers given to him as such Commissioner by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all Attornies and Solicitors of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Dublin may appear and act as such in any Proceedings before the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act, without being required to employ Counsel; and in case any Person, not being an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, shall practise before the Commissioner in any such Proceedings as an Attorney or Solicitor, he shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of Court, and shall be liable to all the Penalties consequent thereon; and that all the Laws and Statutes now in force concerning Attornies and Solicitors shall extend, so far as the same may be applicable, to Attornies and Solicitors practising before the Commissioner as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the Laws and Statutes not hereby repealed, and Rules and Orders in force before this Act shall come into operation, relating to Bankrupts, or to Commissioners of Bankrupts, or to Proceedings under Commissions of Bankrupt, or to the Subject Matters of such Proceedings, or to the Persons concerned therein-or in any way affected thereby, shall m like Manner extend and be construed to extend in every respect, as far as the same may be applicable, to this Act, and to Commissions issued in pursuance thereof, and to all Proceedings under the same, and to all the Subject Matters of such Proceedings, and to aO Persons concerned therein or in any way affected thereby, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save and except as may otherwise be directed by this Act

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Bankers, Brokers, and Persons using the Profession or Trade of Scrivener, receiving other Men's Monies or Estates into their Trust or Custody; and Persons insuring Ships or their Freight or other Matters against Perils of the Sea; Warehousemen, Wharfingers, Packers; Builders, Carpenters, Shipwrights; Victuallers, Keepers of Inns Taverns Hotels or Coffee Houses; Dyers, Printers, Bleachers, Fullers, Calendered; Cattle or Sheep Salesmen; and all Persons using the Trade of Merchandize by way of bargaining, Exchange, bartering, Commission, Consignment, or otherwise, in gross or by retail, and all Persons who, either for themselves, or as Agents or Factors for others, seek their Living by buying and selling, or by buying and letting for Hire, or by the Workmanship of Goods or Commodities, shall be deemed Traders liable to become Bankrupt: Provided that bo Farmer, Grazier, common Labourer, or Workman for Hire,

Receiver

Lord Chancellor may make General Rules, &o. c.

Commissioner not to be liable to Actions.

All Attornies and Solicitors may practise before the Commissioner.

Former Provisions, not hereby repealed, made applicable to this Act.

What Persons shall be deemed Traders liable to become bankrupt.

What Persons not liable.

78

8° & 7° ' GULIELMI IV.

Departing the Realm, absenting, Ac., deemed Acts of Bankruptcy.

Conveyance of Trader's Property not an Act of Bankruptcy, unless Commission issue within Six Months.

As to Execution and Notice in Gazette, Ac.

Lying in Prison 21 Days, and escaping out of Prison, Acts of Bankruptcy.

C. 14.

A.D. 1836.

Receiver General of the Taxes, or Member of or Subscriber to. any incorporated Commercial or Trading Companies established by Charter, or under or registered in pursuance of Act of Parliament, shall be deemed, as such, a Trader liable by virtue of this Act to become bankrupt

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader shall depart this Realm, or, being out of this Realm, shall remain Abroad, or depart from his Dwelling House, or otherwise absent himself, or begin to keep his House, or suffer himself to be arrested for any Debt not due, or yield himself to Prison, or suffer himself to be outlawed, or procure himself to be arrested, or his Goods, Monies, or Chattels to be attached, sequestered, or taken in Execution, or shall make or cause to be made, either within this Realm or elsewhere, any fraudulent Grant or Conveyance of any of his Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Surrender of any of his Copyhold Lands or Tenements, situate in England or Ireland or elsewhere, or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of any of his Goods or Chattels, every such Trader, doing, suffering, procuring, executing, permitting, making, or causing to be made any of the Acts, Deeds, or Matters aforesaid, with Intent to defeat or delay his Creditors, shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

XX. And be it enacted, That where any such Trader shall, after this Act shall have come into effect, execute any Conveyance or Assignment by Deed to a Trustee or Trustees of all his Estate and Effects for the Benefit of all the Creditors of such Trader, the Execution of such Deed shall not be deemed an Act of Bankruptcy unless a Commission issue against such Trader within Six Calendar Months from the Execution thereof by such Trader; provided that such Deeds shall be executed by every such Trustee within Fifteen Days after the Execution thereof by the -said Trader, and that the Execution by such Trader and by every such Trustee be attested by an Attorney or Solicitor, and that Notice be given within Two Months after the Execution thereof by such Trader, in case such Trader resides in Dublin, or within Forty Miles thereof, in the Dublin Gazette., and also in Two Dublin Daily Newspapers, and in case such Trader does not reside within Forty Miles of Dublin, then in the Dublin Gazette, and also in One Dublin Daily Newspaper, and One Provincial Newspaper published near such Trader's Residence; and such Notice shall contain the Date and Execution of such Deed, and the Name and Place of Abode respectively of every such Trustee and of such Attorney or Solicitor.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader, having been arrested or committed to Prison for Debt, or on any Attachment for Nonpayment of Money, shall, upon such or any other Arrest or Commitment for Debt or Nonpayment of Money, or upon any Detention for Debt, lie in Prison for Twenty-one Days, or, having been arrested or committed to Prison for any other Cause, shall lie in Prison for Twenty-one Days after any Detainer for Debt lodged against him and not discharged, every such Trader shall be thereby deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy; or if any such Trader, having been arrested, committed, or detained for Debt, shall escape out of Prison or Custody, every such Trader

shall

A.D. 18S& 6° 7° GULIELMI IV.

79

C. 14.

shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of such Arrest, Commitment, or Detention; provided that if any such Trader shall be in Prison at the Time of the Commencement of this Act such Trader shall not be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy by being in Prison until he shall have lain in Prison for the Period of Two Months.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader shall file in the Office of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts a Declaration in Writing, signed by such Trader, and attested by an Attorney or Solicitor, that he is insolvent, or unable to meet his Engagements, the said Secretary of Bankrupts shall sign a Memorandum that such Declaration hath been filed, which Memorandum shall be Authority for the Printer of the Dublin Gazette to insert an Advertisement of such Declaration therein; and every such Declaration shall, after such Advertisement inserted as aforesaid, be an Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Trader at the Time vken such Declaration was filed; but no Commission shall issue thereupon unless it be sued out within Two Calendar Months next after the Insertion of such Advertisement, and unless such Advertisement shall have been inserted in the Dublin Gazette within Eight Days after such Declaration was filed; and no Docket shall be struck upon such Act of Bankruptcy before the Expiration of Four Days next after the Insertion of such Advertisement; and the Gazette containing such Advertisement shall be Evidence to be received of such Declaration having been filed.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Commission under which the Adjudication shall be grounded on the Act of Bankruptcy being the filing of such Declaration shall be deemed invalid by reason of such Declaration having been concerted or agreed upon between the Bankrupt and any Creditor or other Person.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Trader liable by virtue of this Act to become bankrupt shall, after a Docket struck against him, pay to the Person or Persons who struck the same, or any of

. them, Money, or give or deliver to any such Person any such Satisfaction or Security for his Debt or any Part thereof whereby such Person may receive more in the Pound in respect of his Debt than the other Creditors, such Payment, Gift, Delivery, Satisfaction, or Security shall be an Act of Bankruptcy; and if any Commission shall have issued upon the Docket so struck as aforesaid the Lord Chancellor may either declare such Commission to be valid, and direct the same to be proceeded in, or may order it to be superseded, and a new Commission may issue; and such Commission may be supported either by Proof of such last-mentioned or of any other Act of Bankruptcy; and every Person so receiving such Money, Gift, Delivery, Satisfaction, or Security as aforesaid shall forfeit his whole Debt, and also repay or deliver up such Money, Gift, Satisfaction, or Security as aforesaid, or the full Value thereof, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioner acting under such original Commission or any new Commission shall appoint, for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Bankrupt.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament shall commit any of the aforesaid Acts of Bankruptcy, a Commission may issue against him, and the Commissioner and all other Persons acting under such Commission

may

As to being in Prison at passing of this Act.

Filing Declaration of Insolvency an Act of Bankruptcy, after Advertisement in Gazette, &c.

Declaration

concerted.

Compounding with Petitioning Creditor an Act of Bankruptcy.

Commission may be superseded or continued.

Penalty on Creditor so compounding.

As to Traders having Privilege of Parliament.

80

C. 14.

6 & 7 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&.

Trader having such Privilege not paying, &c. and not entering an Appearance to the Action within One Month, an Act of Bankruptcy.

Trader having Privilege of Parliament, and disobeying - Order for Payment of Money, Ac., an Act of Bankruptcy.

52 G. 3. c. 144. extended to Commissions issued under this Act.

may proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts, but such Person shall not be subject to be^ arrested or imprisoned during the Time of such Privilege, except in Cases hereby made Felony.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Creditor or Creditors of any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament, to such Amount as is herein-after declared requisite to support a Commission, shall file an Affidavit or Affidavits in any Court of Record in Dublin that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to him or them respectively, and that such Debtor, as he or they verily believe, is sridi Trader as aforesaid, and shall sue out of the same Court a Summons, or an original Bill and Summons, against such Trader, and serve him with a Copy of such Summons, if such Trader shall not within One Calendar Month after personal Service of such Summons pay, secure, or compound for such Debt or Debts to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two sufficient Sureties, as any of the Judges of the Court out of which such Summons shall issue shall approve of, to pay such Sum as shall be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with such Costs as shall be given in the same, and within One Calendar Month next after personal Service of such Summons cause an Appearance or Appearances to be entered to such Action or Actions in the proper Court or Courts in which the same shall have been brought, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service of such Summons, and any Creditor or Creditors of such Trader to such Amount as aforesaid may sue out a Commission against him, and proceed thereon in like Maimer as against other Bankrupts.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Deeree or Order shall nave been pronounced in any Cause or Matter depending in any Court of Equity against any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament, ordering such Trader to pay any Sum of Money, and such Trader shall disobey, the same having been duly served upon him, the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum under such Decree or Order, or interested in enforcing the Payment thereof pursuant to such Decree or Order, may apply to the Court by which the same shall have been pronounced to fix a peremptory Day for the Payment of such Money, which shall accordingly be fixed by an Order for that Purpose; and if such Trader, being personally served with such last-mentioned Order Eight Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Money, shall neglect to pay the same, he shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service thereof and any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid may sue out a Commission against him, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Members of the House of Commons who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full within a limited Time, shall extend, as far as the same may be applicable, to every Commission to be issued and to the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act

A.D. 18S&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14*.

81

XXIX. And be it enacted That the Lord Chancellor shall have Power, upoti Petition made to him in Writing against any Trader having committed any Act. of Bankruptcy, by any Creditor or Creditors of such Trader whose Debt or Debts shall amount to the Sum or Sums herein-after mentioned, to issue a Commission under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland to the Commissioner to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, who shall, by virtue of this Act and of such Commission, have full Power and Authority to take such Order and Direction with the Body of such Bankrupt as herein-after mentioned, as also with all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, both within the Realm and Abroad, as well Copy or Customaryhold as Freehold* whether in England, Ireland, or elsewhere, which he shall have in his own Right before he became bankrupt, as also with all such Interest in any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as such Bankrupt may lawfully depart with, and with all his Money, Fees, Offices, Annuities, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandize, and Debts, wheresoever they may be found or known, and to make Sale thereof in manner herein-after mentioned, or otherwise order the same for Satisfaction and Payment of the Creditors of the said Bankrupt.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Petitioning Creditor shall, before any Commission be granted, make an Affidavit in Writing before a Master, Ordinary or Extraordinary, in Chancery, (which shall be filed with the proper Officer,) of the Truth of such his or 'heir respective Debt or Debts, and shall likewise give Bond to the Lord Chancellor in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, to be conditioned for proving his or their Debt or Debts, as well before the Commissioner as upon any Trial at Law, in case the due issuing forth of the Commission be contested, and also for proving the Party to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of taking out such Commission, and to proceed on such Commission; but if such Debt or Debts shall not be really due, or if after such Commission taken out it be not proved that the Party had committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of issuing of the Commission, and it shall also appear that such Commission was taken out fraudulently or maliciously, the Lord Chancellor shall and may, upon Petition of the Party or Parties against whom the Commission was so taken out, examine into the same, and order Satisfaction to be made to him or them for the Damages by him or them sustained, and for the better Recovery thereof may sign such Bond or Bonds to the Party or Parties so petitioning, who may sue for the same in his and their Name and Names.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors shall at his or their own Costs sue forth and prosecute the Commission until the Choice of Assignees; and the Commissioner shall at the Meeting for such Choice ascertain such Costs, and by Writing under his Hand direct the same to be paid to such Petitioning Creditor or Creditors out of the Monies that shall be got in under the Commission; and all Bills of Fees or Disbursements of any Solicitor or Attorney employed under any Commission, for Business done after the Choice of Assignees, shall be settled by the Commissioner, except that so much of such Bills as contain any Charge respecting any Action at Law or Suit in Equity

6&7 Gul.1V. G ' shall

Power to Lord Chancellor to issue Commission.

Petitioning Creditor to make Oath of his Debt, and give Bond to the Lord Chancellor.

Power to the Lord Chancellor to assign Bond.

Petitioning Creditor to prosecute Commission at his own Expence until Choice of Assignees, when his Costs shall be taxed and repaid him.

82

C. 14.

6° & 7 GULIELMI IV.

Amount of Petitioning Creditors Debt.

May be upon Debt payable at a future Time.

Joint Commissions may be issued against Partners; and superseded as to some without affecting the rest.

If a Second Commission be issued, it may be proceeded in separately or in conjunction with the First.

Proceeding if Petitioning Creditors Debt insufficient to support Commission,

shall be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Business shall have been transacted, and the same so settled shall be paid to such Solicitor or Attorney; provided that any Creditor who shall have proved to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, if he be dis-satisfied with such Settlement by the Commissioner, may have any such Costs and Bills settled by a Master in Chancery.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no such Commission shall be issued unless the single Debt of such Creditor, or of Two or more Persons being Partners, petitioning for the same, shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of Two Creditors so petitioning shall amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of Three or more Creditors so petitioning shall amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards; and that every Person who has given Credit to any Trader for valuable Consideration for any Sum payable at a certain Time, which Time shall not have arrived when such Trader committed an Act of Bankruptcy, may so petition or join in petitioning as aforesaid, whether he shall have any Security in Writing or otherwise for such Sum or not

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors whose Debt or Debts is or are sufficient to enable him or them to petition for a Commission against all the Partners of any Firm may petition for a Commission against One or more of the Partners of such Firm; and every Commission issued upon such Petition shall be valid although it does not include all the Partners of the Firm; and in every Commission against Two or more Persons it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to supersede such Commission as to One or more of such Persons, and the Validity of such Commission shall not be thereby affected as to any Person as to whom such Commission is not ordered to be superseded, nor shall any Person's Certificate be thereby affected.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if after a Commission issued against Two or more Members of a Firm any other Commission or Commissions shall be issued against any other Member or Members of such Firm immediately after the Adjudication under such other Commission or Commissions, all the Estate, Real and Personal, of such Person or Persons declared bankrupt under such other Commission or Commissions shall become vested in and transferred to the Assignees under the First Commission or Commissions, in the same Manner as if they had been appointed Assignees under such other Commission or Commissions, according to the Provisions of this Act, and all separate Proceedings under such Commission or Commissions shall be stayed; and such Commission or Commissions shall, without affecting the Validity of the First Commission, be annexed to and form Part of the same: Provided always, that the Lord Chancellor may direct such Commission or Commissions to be proceeded on, either separately or in conjunction with the First Commission.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if after Adjudication the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, or any of them, be found insufficient to support the Commission, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon Application of any other Creditor or Creditors having proved any Debt or Debts sufficient to support

a Com-

6°& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

83

a Commission, provided such Debt or* Debts has or have been incurred not anterior to the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, to order the said Commission to be proceeded in, and it shall by such Order be deemed valid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Commission shall be deemed undid by reason of any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy prior to the Debt or Debts of the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, or any of them, provided there be a sufficient Act of Bankruptcy subsequent to such Debt or Debts.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to summon before him any Person whom he shall believe capable of giving any Information concerning the Trading or any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission is issued, and also to require any Person so summoned to produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents in the Possession, Custody, or Power of such Person which may appear to the said Commissioner to be necessary to establish any such Trading or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine any such Person upon Oath, by Word of Mouth or Interrogatories in Writing, concerning the Trade of or any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall have issued; and every such Person so summoned shall incur such Danger or Penalty for not coming before the Commissioner, or for refusing to be sworn and examined, or for not fully answering to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner, or for refusing to sign or subscribe his Examination, or for refusing to produce or for not producing any such Book, Paper, Deed, Writing, or Document, as is .hereby provided as to Persons summoned after the Adjudication of Bankruptcy; and the Commissioner, upon Oath made before him of the Petitioning Creditors Debt or Debts, and of the Trading or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy of the Person or Persons against whom such Commission is issued, shall thereupon adjudge such Person or Persons bankrupt

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner, after he shall have adjudged as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause Notice of such Adjudication to be given in the Dublin Gazette, and shall thereby appoint Two or more public Sittings for the Bankrupt to surrender and conform, the last of which Sittings shall be on the Forty-second Day hereby limited for such Surrender.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if, by reason of the Demise of the Crown, or of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Commissioner, it shall become necessary to renew any Commission, only Half the Fees usually payable upon obtaining Commissions shall be paid for such renewed Commission; and if any Bankrupt shall die after Adjudication the Commissioner may proceed in the Bankruptcy as he might have done if such Bankrupt were living.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person appointed by the Commissioner, by his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse *, Door, Trunk, or Chest of any Bankrupt where such Bankrupt or any of his Property shall be reputed to be, and seize upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt; and if the Bankrupt be in G 2 Prison

Commission not invalid by a prior Act of Bankruptcy.

Commissioner may summon Persons to give Evidence of Trading and Act of Bankruptcy.

Adjudication.

Two Sittings for Bankrupt to surrender.

Abatement of Commissions.

No Abatement by Death of Bankrupt.

Messenger may break open Bankrupt's Doors, &c. and seize his Body or Property.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Messenger may seize Goods in England.

Messenger may obtain Search Warrant where Property of the Bankrupt is sworn to be concealed.

Execution of such Warrant in Scotland.

As to Actions against Persons acting in obedience to Warrant of Commissioner.

Prison or in Custody it shall be lawful for the Person so appointed as aforesaid to seize any Property (his necessary Wearing Apparel only excepted) in the Custody or Possession of such Bankrupt, or of any other Person in any Prison or Place where such Bankrupt is in Custody.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person so appointed by the Commissioner as aforesaid to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of such Bankrupt in England where any of the Property of such Bankrupt shall be reputed to be, and seize the same, provided the Execution of such Warrant by the Commissioner shall be verified by the Oath of the Person thereby appointed before a Justice of Peace residing in the County where such Property shall be reputed to be, and provided that the Person thereby appointed shall before such Justice depose upon Oath that he is the Person named in such Warrant

XLII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of any Justice of Peace in England or Ireland that there is Reason to suspect and believe that Property of the Bankrupt is concealed in any House, Premises, or o&er Place not belonging to such Bankrupt, such Justice of Peace is hereby directed and authorized to grant a Search Warrant to the Person so deputed by the Commissioner as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for such Person to execute the same in like Manner and such Person shall be entitled to the same Protection as is allowed by Law in Execution of a Search Warrant for Property reputed to be stolen and concealed.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if in the Execution of any Warrant of Seizure so granted by the Commissioner as aforesaid it shall be necessary to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of any such Bankrupt in Scotland where any of the Property of such Bankrupt shall be reputed to be, or to seize and get Possession of such Property, such Warrant, after the Execution thereof by the Commissioner, and the Identity of the Person named therein, shall have been verified upon Oath as aforesaid, may be backed or indorsed with the Name of a Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Peace in Scotland, who are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, to back or indorse the same; and such Warrant so indorsed shall be sufficient Authority to the Person bringing such Warrant, and to all Officers of the Law in Scotland, to execute the same within the County or Burgh wherein it is so indorsed, and in virtue thereof to break open the House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of such Bankrupt, and to seize and take Possession of such Property, to be distributed under the said Commission, or otherwise dealt with according to Law.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person so appointed by the Commissioner for any thing done in obedience to his Warrant prior to the Choice of Assignees, unless Demand of the Perusal and Copy of such Warrant hath been made or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons by the Party or Parties intending to bring such Action, or by his or their Attorney or Agent, in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties demanding the same, and unless the same hath

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 85

been refused or neglected for Six Days after such Demand; and if after such Demand and Compliance therewith, any Action be brought against the Person so appointed as aforesaid, without making the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors Defendant or Defendants, if living, on producing and proving such Warrant at the Trial of such Action the Jury shall give their Verdict for the Defendant, notwithstanding any Defect of Jurisdiction in the Commissioner; and if such Action be brought against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors and the Person so appointed as aforesaid, the Jury shall, on Proof of such Warrant, give their Verdict for the Person so appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding anysachDefect of Jurisdiction as aforesaid; and if the Verdict shall be given against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his or their Costs against him or them, to be taxed so as to include such Costs as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs are liable to pay to the Person so appointed as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in any such Action so brought Proof in such as aforesaid against the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, either Action* that alone or jointly with the Person so appointed by the Commis- Pendants arc sioner as aforesaid, for any thing done in obedience to his War- Cr^tonTto rant, Proof by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action that the render them Defendant or Defendants or any of them is or are Petitioning liable.

Creditor or Creditors shall be sufficient for the Purpose of making such Defendant or Defendants liable, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as if the Act complained of in such Action had been done or committed by such Defendant or Defendants.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That after Adjudication it shall be Commissioner lawful for the Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to sum- empowered to mon before him any Person known or suspected to have any of *unm>on Per-the Estate of the Bankrupt in his Possession, or who is supposed to be indebted to the Bankrupt, or any Person whom the Commis- ropt^FSoperty sioner believes capable of giving Information concerning the in their Hands, Person, Trade, Dealings, or Estate of such Bankrupt, or concern- and to compel ing any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by him, or any them to P*" Information material to the full Disclosure of the Dealings of the duce &c' Bankrupt; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to require such Person to produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, or other Documents in his Custody or Power which may appear to the Commissioner necessary to the Verification of the Deposition of such Person, or to the full Disclosure of any of the Matters which the Commissioner is authorized to inquire into; and if such Person so summoned as aforesaid shall not come before the Commissioner at the Time appointed, having no lawful Impediment (made known to the said Commissioner at the Time of his sitting, and allowed by him) , it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the Person or Persons therein named for that Purpose to apprehend and arrest such Person, and bring him before the Commissioner, to be examined as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That upon the Appearance of any Power to en-Pewon so summoned or brought before the Commissioner as afore- mine Person* said, or if any Person be present at any Sitting of the Commis- atan *

sioner, it shall be lawful for him to examine every such Person getting.* upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in

86

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Persons refusing to be sworn, Sec. maybe committed.

Costs to Persons summoned.

Witnesses to have Expences tendered.

Commissioner may summon the Bankrupt and examine him.

Writing, concerning the Person, Trade, Dealings, or Estate of such Bankrupt, or concerning any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, and to reduce into Writing the Answers of I every such Person; and such Answers so reduced into Writing the Party examined is hereby required to sign and subscribe; and if any such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or shall refuse to answer any lawful Questions put to him by the said Commissioner touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or shall not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner any such lawful Questions, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his Examination so reduced into Writing as aforesaid (not having any lawful Objection allowed by the said Commissioner) , and shall not produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings and other Documents in his Custody or Power relating to any of the Matters aforesaid, which such Person was required by the Commissioner to produce, and to the Production of which he shall not {state any Objection allowed by the said Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit him to such Prison as he shall think fit, there to remain without Bail until he shall submit himself to the Commissioner to be sworn, and full Answers make to his Satisfaction to all such lawful Questions as shall be put to him, and sign and subscribe such Examination, and produce such Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents as aforesaid in his Custody or Power, to the Production of which no such Objection as aforesaid has been allowed.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person known or suspected to have any of the Estate of the Bankrupt in his Possession, or who is supposed to be indebted to the Bankrupt, shall be summoned to attend before the said Commissioner, every such Person shall have such Costs and Charges as the said Commissioner in his Discretion shall think fit; and every Witness summoned to attend before the Commissioner shall have his necessary Expences tendered to him, in like Manner as is now by Law required upon Service of a Subpoena to a Witness in an Action at Law.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to summon any Bankrupt before him, whether such Bankrupt shall have obtained his Certificate or not; and in case he shall not come at the Time by the Commissioner appointed (having no lawful Impediments made known to the Commissioner at such Time, and allowed by him,) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct any Person or Persons he shall think fit to apprehend and arrest such Bankrupt, and bring him before the Commissioner; and upon the Appearance of such Bankrupt, or if such Bankrupt be present at any Sitting of the said Commissioner, it shall be lawful for him to examine such Bankrupt upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or on Interrogatories in Writing, touching all Matters relating either to his Trade, Dealings, or Estate, or which may tend to disclose any secret Grant, Conveyance, or Concealment of his Lands, Tenements, Goods, Money, or Debts, and to reduce his Answers into Writing; which Examination so reduced into Writing the said Bankrupt shall sign and subscribe; and if such Bankrupt

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 87

shall refuse to be sworn, or shall refuse to answer any Questions put to him by the said Commissioner touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or shall not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner any such Questions, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his Examination so reduced into Writing as aforesaid, (not having any lawful Objection allowed by the said Commissioner,) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit him to such Prison as the Commissioner shall think fit, there to remain, without Bail, until he shall submit himself to the said Commissioner to be sworn, and full Answers make to his Satisfaction to such Questions as he shall put to him, and sign and subscribe such Examination.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner in manner aforesaid to summon before him the Wife of any Bankrupt, and in manner aforesaid to examine her, for the finding out and Discovery of the Estate, Goods, and Chattels of such Bankrupt, concealed, kept, or disposed of by such Wife iu her own Person or by her own Act, or by any other Person, and she shall incur such Danger or Penalty for not coming before the Commissioner, or for refusing to be sworn and examined, or for refusing to sign or subscribe her Examination, or for not fully answering to the Satisfaction of the Commissioner, as is hereby provided against other Persons.

LI. And be it enacted, That if any Gaoler to whose Custody any Bankrupt or other Person shall be committed as aforesaid shall suffer such Bankrupt or other Person to escape, every such Gaoler shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any Person be committed by the Commissioner for refusing to answer or for not fully answering any Question put to him by the said Commissioner he shall in his Warrant of Commitment specify every such Question; provided that if any Person committed by the Commissioner shall bring any Habeas Corpus in order to be discharged from such Commitment, and there shall appear on the Return of such Habeas Corpus any such Insufficiency in the Form of the Warrant whereby such Person was committed, by reason whereof he might be discharged, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom such Party shall be brought by Habeas Corpus, and such Court or Judge is hereby required, to commit such Person to the same Prison, there to remain until he shall conform, unless it shall be shown to such Court or Judge by the Party committed that he has fully answered all lawful Questions put to him by the Commissioner, or if such Person was committed for refusing to be sworn, or for not signing his Examination, unless it shall appear to such Court or Judge that he had a sufficient Reason for the same: Provided also, that such Court or Judge shall, if required thereto by the Party committed, in case the whole of the Examination of the Party so committed shall not have been stated in the Warrant of Commitment, inspect and consider the whole of the Examination of such Party whereof any such Question was a Part, and if it shall appear from the whole Examination that the Answer or Answers of the Party committed is or are satisfactory, such Court or Judge shall %nd may order the Party so committed to be discharged.

G 4?

Bankrupt refusing to be *worn, &c. may be committed.

Commissioner may examine the Bankrupt's Wife.

Penalty on Gaoler for Escape, 5001.

Questions to be specified in Warrant.

If Habeas Corpus be brought, the Judge may recommit the Prisoner.

Court or Judge may look at the whole of the Examination.

89

C. 14.

0 & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

In Actions of false Imprisonment the Court may look at the whole of the Examination of the Party committed.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

Commissioner may appoint Assignees until others arechosen by Creditors.

Penalty on first Assignee not delivering the Effects to the new ones.

Debts how to be proved:

by Corporations;

by Creditors remote or Abroad.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in every Action in respect of any such Commitment, brought by any Bankrupt or other Person committed, the Court or Judge before which or whom such Action is tried shall, if thereto required by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, (in case the whole of the Examination of the Party so committed shall not have been stated in the Warrant of Commitment,) inspect and consider the whole of such Examination; and if upon such Examination and Consideration it shall appear to such Court or Judge that the Party was lawfully committed, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have the same Benefit therefrom as if the whole of such Examination had been therein stated.

LIV. And be it enacted, That every Action brought against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at the Trial, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action was commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if there be a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after Appearance thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, as often as he shall think fit, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One or more Person or Persons Assignee or Assignees of the Bankrupt's Real and Personal Estate, or of any Part thereof; which Assignee or Assignees shall or may be removed at the Meeting of the Creditors for the Choice of Assignees, if they shall think fit; and such Assignee or Assignees so removed shall deliver up all the Chattels and Effects of the Bankrupt come to his or their Possession to the Assignees so chosen as hereinafter mentioned; and if such first Assignee or Assignees shall not within Ten Days after Notice given of the said Choice of Assignees, and of their Consent to act as such, signified to the first Assignee or Assignees by Writing under the Hands of such Assignees so chosen by the Creditors, make such Delivery as aforesaid, every such Assignee shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

LVI. And be it enacted, That at the Two or more Sittings appointed by the Commissioner as aforesaid, and at every other Sitting or Meeting by him appointed for Proof of Debts (whereof, and of the Purport whereof, Ten Days Notice shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette) , every Creditor of the Bankrupt may prove his Debt by his own Oath; and all Bodies Politic and public Companies incorporated, or authorized to sue or bring Actions, either by Charter or Act of Parliament, may prove by an Agent, provided such Agent shall in his Deposition swear that he is such Agent as aforesaid, and that he is authorized to make such Proof; and if any Creditor shall live remote from Dublin he may prove by Affidavit sworn before a Master in

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 89

Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, or if such Creditor shall lire out of Ireland by Affidavit sworn before a Magistrate where such Creditor shall be residing, and attested by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul; and no Creditor shall pay any Contribution on account of any such Debt; provided that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in Writing, every Person claiming to prove a Debt under the said Commission, or to require such further Proof, and to examine such other Persons in relation thereto, as he shall think fit

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, whenever it shall be made appear to him, upon Affidavit or any other sufficient Document, expedient so to do, to direct an extraordinary Commission to issue, upon such Terms as he shall think proper, for Proof of Debts, for the Examination of Witnesses, or any other Purpose relating to any Proceeding in Bankruptcy; and the Commissioner in every such Commission shall, upon taking the Oath herein-before prescribed for the Commissioner to be appointed under this Act, possess the same Powers to compel the Attendance of Witnesses, and to examine them, and to enforce Obedience to such Examination, and the Production of Books, Deeds, Papers, Writings, and other Documents, as the Commissioner appointed under this Act, and such Fees shall be paid on the Proceedings before him as the Lord Chancellor shall direct, and he shall receive out of the Funds in the Bankruptcy or out of such Fees, or both, such Remuneration as the Lord Chancellor shall direct: Provided always, that the Examination of Witnesses under such Commission shall be taken down in Writing, and shall be returned to the Commissioner appointed under this Act.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person with whom any Bankrupt shall have really and bona fide contracted any Debt or Demand before the issuing the Commission against him shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt, be admitted to prove the same, and be a Creditor under such Commission, as if no such Act of Bankruptcy had been committed, provided such Person had not at the Time the same was contracted Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

LIX. And be it enacted, That when any Bankrupt shall have been indebted at the Time of issuing the Commission against him to any Servant or Clerk of such Bankrupt, in respect of the Wages or Salary of such Servant or Clerk, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, upon Proof thereof, to order so much as shall be so due as aforesaid, not exceeding Six Months Wages or Salary, to be paid to such Servant or Clerk out of the Estate of such Bankrupt, and such Servant or Clerk shall be at liberty to prove under the Commission for any Sum exceeding such last-mentioned Amount

LX. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be an Apprentice to a Bankrupt at the Time of issuing of the Commission against him, the issuing of such Commission shall be and enure as a complete Discharge of the Indenture or Indentures whereby such Apprentice was bound.to such Bankrupt; and if any Sum shall have been really and bona fide paid by or on the

Behalf

Creditor may be examined on Oath.

Lord Chancellor may issue extraordinary Commissions for Proof of Debts, &c.

BonA fide Creditors may prove notwithstanding prior Act of Bankruptcy.

Commissioner may order Six Months Wages of Servants, &c. to be paid.

Apprentices discharged from Indentures.

Commissioner may order any Sum to be paid

.90

C. 14.

0o & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

for Apprentice Fees.

Mutual Debts and Credits may be set off, notwithstanding a secret Act of Bankruptcy.

Debts not payable at the Time of the Bankruptcy may be proved, deducting Rebate of Interest.

Sureties and Persons liable for the Debts of Bankrupts may prove after having paid such Debts.

Bfehalf of such Apprentice to the Bankrupt as an Apprentice Fee, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, upon Proof thereof, to order any Sum to be paid to or for the Use of such Apprentice which he shall think reasonable, regard being had in estimating such Sum to the Amount of the Sum so paid by or on behalf of such Apprentice to the Bankrupt, and to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have resided with the Bankrupt previous to the issuing of the Commission.

LXI. And be it enacted, That where there has been mutual Credit given by the Bankrupt and any other Person, and where there are mutual Debts between the Bankrupt and any other Person, the Commissioner shall state the Account between them, and one Debt or Demand may be set against another, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt before the Credit given to or the Debt contracted by him, and what shall appear due on either Side on the Balance of such Account, and no more, shall be claimed or paid on either Side respectively; and every Debt or Demand hereby made proveable against the Estate of the Bankrupt may also be set off in manner aforesaid against such Estate, provided that the Person claiming the Benefit of such Set-off had not when such Credit was given Notice of an Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

LXII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall have given Credit to the Bankrupt upon valuable Consideration for any Money or other Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall not have become payable when such Bankrupt committed an Act of Bankruptcy, and whether such Credit shall have been given upon any Bill, Bond, Note, or other negotiable Security, or not, shall be entitled to prove such Debt, Bill, Bond, Note, or other Security as if the same was payable presently, and receive Dividends equally with the other Creditors, deducting only thereout a Rebate of Interest for what he shall so receive at the Rate of Six per CenL, to be computed from the Declaration of a Dividend to the Time such Debt would have become payable according to the Terms upon which it was contracted.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who at the issuing the Commission shall be Surety or liable for any Debt of the Bankrupt, or Bail for the Bankrupt, either to the Sheriff or to the Action, if he shall have paid the Debt, or any Part thereof in discharge of the whole Debt, (although he may have paid the same after the Commission issued,) if the Creditor shall have proved his Debt under the Commission shall be entitled to stand in the Place of such Creditor as to the Dividends and all other Rights under the Commission which such Creditor possessed or would be entitled to in respect of such Proof; or if the Creditor shall not have proved under the Commission, such Surety, or Person liable, or Bail, shall be entitled to prove his Demand in respect of such Payment as a Debt under the Commission, not disturbing the former Dividends, and may receive Dividends with the other Creditors, although he may have become Surety, liable, or Bail as aforesaid, after an Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt; provided that such Person had not when he became such Surety or Bail, or so liable as aforesaid, Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

A.D. 183?.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

91

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the Obligee in any Bottomry or Respondentia Bond, and the Assured in any Policy of Insurance made upon good and valuable Consideration, shall be admitted to claim, and, after the Loss or Contingency shall have happened, to prove, his Debt or Demand in respect thereof, and receive Dividends with the other Creditors as if the Loss or Contingency had happened .before the issuing the Commission against such Obligor or Insurer; and that the Person effecting any Policy of Insurance upon Ships or Goods with any Person, as a Subscriber or Underwriter, becoming bankrupt, shall be entitled to prove any Loss to which such Bankrupt shall be liable in respect of such Subscription, although the Person so effecting such Policy was not beneficially interested in such Ships or Goods, in case the Person or Persons so interested is not or are not within the United Realm.

LXV. And be it enacted, That any Annuity Creditor of any Bankrupt, by whatever Assurance the same be secured, and whether there were or not any Arrears of such Annuity due at the Bankruptcy, shall be entitled to prove for the Value of such Annuity, which Value the Commissioner shall ascertain, regard being had to the original Price given for the said Annuity, deducting therefrom such Diminution in the Value thereof as shall have been caused by the Lapse of Time since the Grant thereof to the Date of the Commission.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall Hot be lawful for any Person entitled to any Annuity granted by any Bankrupt to sue any Person who may be collateral Surety for the Payment of such Annuity, until such Annuitant shall have proved under the Commission against such Bankrupt for the Value of such Annuity, and for the Payment thereof; and if such Surety, after such Proof, pay the Amount proved as aforesaid, he shall be thereby discharged from all Claims in respect of such Annuity; and if such Surety shall not (before any Payment of the said Annuity subsequent to the Bankruptcy shall have become due) pay the Sum so proved as aforesaid, he may be sued for the accruing Payments of such Annuity until such Annuitant shall have been paid or satisfied the Amount so proved, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five per Cent per Annum from the Time of Notice of such Proof and of the Amount thereof being given to such Surety; and after such Payment or Satisfaction such Surety shall stand in the Place of such Annuitant in respect of such Proof as aforesaid to the Amount so paid or satisfied as aforesaid by such Surety; and the Certificate of the Bankrupt shall be a Discharge to him from all Claims of such Annuitant or of such Surety in respect of such Annuity; provided that such Surety shall be entitled to Credit in account with such Annuitant for any Dividends received by such Annuitant under the Commission before such Surety shall have fully paid or satisfied the Amount so proved as aforesaid.

LXVIL. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall before the issuing of the Commission have contracted any Debt payable upon a Contingency which shall not have happened before the issuing of such Commission, the Person with whom such Debt has been contracted may, if he think fit, apply to the Commissioner to set a Value upon such Debt, and the Commissioner is hereby required to ascertain the Value thereof, and to admit such Person

to

Proof by Obligee in Bottomry or Respondentia Bonds, &c., and Assured in Policy of Insurance.

Annuity Creditor admitted to prove.

Sureties for Payment of Annuities granted by Bankrupt, in what Manner to come in under the Commission.

Debts contingent at the Time of the Bankruptcy to be proveable after the happening of the Contingency.

C. 14;

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Interest on Promissory Notes proveable.

Plaintiff obtaining Judgment, &o. c. entitled to prove for Costs, &e.

Proving a Debt under Commission to be an Election not to proceed by Action.

Creditor electing to come in under Commission, if it be superseded, restored to his former Rights.

to prove the Amount so ascertained, and to receive Dividends thereon; or if such Value shall not be so ascertained before the Contingency shall have happened, then such Person may, after such Contingency shall have happened, prove in respect of such Debt, and receive a Dividend with the other Creditors, not disturbing any former Dividends, provided such Person had not when such Debt was contracted Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all future Commissions against any Person or Persons liable upon any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note whereupon Interest is not reserved, overdue at the issuing the Commission, the Holder of such Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note shall be entitled to prove for the legal Interest upon the same, to be calculated by the Commissioner, to the Date of the Commission.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall have obtained any Judgment, Decree, or Order, in any Action at Law or Cause or Matter in Equity, against any Party who shall thereafter become bankrupt, for any Debt or Demand in respect of which such Person shall prove under the Commission, such Person shall also be entitled to prove for the Costs which he shall have incurred in obtaining the same, although such Costs shall not have been taxed at the Time of the Bankruptcy.

LXX. And be it enacted, That no Creditor who has brought any Action or instituted any Suit against any Bankrupt in respect of a Demand prior to the Bankruptcy, or which might have been proved as a Debt under the Commission against such Bankrupt, shall prove a Debt under such Commission or have any Claim entered upon the Proceedings under such Commission, without relinquishing such Action or Suit; and in case such Bankrupt shall be in Prison or Custody at the Suit of or detained by such Creditor he shall not prove or claim as aforesaid without giving a sufficient Authority in Writing for the Discharge of such Bankrupt; and the proving or claiming a Debt under a Commission by any Creditor shall be deemed an Election by such Creditor to take the Benefit of such Commission with respect to the Debt so proved or claimed; provided that such Creditor shall not be liable to the Payment to such Bankrupt or his Assignees of the Costs of such Action or Suit so relinquished by him, and that where any such Creditor shall have brought any Action or Suit against such Bankrupt jointly with any other Person or Persons his relinquishing such Action or Suit against the Bankrupt shall not affect such Action or Suit against such other Person or Persons: Provided also, that any Creditor who shall have so elected to prove or claim as aforesaid, if the Commission be afterwards superseded, may proceed in the Action as if he had not so elected, and in bailable Actions shall be at liberty to arrest the Defendant de novo if he has not put in Bail below or perfected Bail above, or, if the Defendant has put in or perfected such Bail, to have recourse against such Bail, by requiring the Bail below to put in and perfect Bail above within the First Eight Days in Term after Notice in the Dublin Gazette of the superseding such Commission, and by suing the Bail upon their Recognizance if the Condition thereof is broken.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 93

LXXL. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Assignees, or to Two or more Creditors who have each proved Debts to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, that any Debt proved under the Commission is not justly due, either in the whole or in part, such Assignees or Creditors may make Representation thereof to the Commissioner; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to summon before him, and examine upon Oath, any Person who shall have so proved as aforesaid, together with any Person whose Evidence may appear to the Commissioner to be material, either in support of or in opposition to any such Debt; and if the said Commissioner, upon the Evidence given on both Sides, or (if the Person who shall have so proved as aforesaid shall not attend to be examined, having been first duly summoned, or Notice having been left at his last Place of Abode,) upon the Evidence adduced by such Assignees or Creditors as aforesaid, shall be of opinion that such Debt is not due, either wholly or in part, the said Commissioner shall be at liberty to expunge the same, either wholly or in part, from the Proceedings: Provided that such Assignees or Creditors requiring such Investigation shall before it is instituted sign an Undertaking, to be filed with the Proceedings, to pay such Costs as the Commissioner shall adjudge to the Creditor who has proved such Debt as aforesaid, such Costs to be recovered by Petition; provided also, that such Assignees or Creditors may apply in the first instance by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, or that either Party may petition against the Determination of the Commissioner.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That at the First Sitting appointed by the Commissioner as aforesaid, or an Adjournment thereof, Assignees of the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects shall be chosen; and all Creditors who have proved Debts under the Commission to the Amount of Ten Pounds and upwards shall be entitled to vote in such Choice, and also any Person authorized by Letter of Attorney from any such Creditor or Creditors, upon Proof of the Execution thereof, either by Affidavit sworn before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, or by Oath before the Commissioner viva, voce, and in case of Creditors residing out of Ireland by Oath before a Magistrate where the Party shall be residing, duly attested by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul; and the Choice shall be made by the major Part in Value of the Creditors so entitled to vote: Provided that the Commissioner shall have Power to reject any Person so chosen who shall appear to him unfit to be such Assignee as aforesaid; and upon such Rejection a new Choice of another Assignee or Assignees shall be made as aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Commissions against One or more of the Partners of a Firm any Creditor to whom the Bankrupt or Bankrupts is or are indebted jointly with the other Partner or Partners of the said Firm or any of them shall be entitled to prove his Debt under such Commission, for the Purpose only of voting in the Choice of Assignees under such Commission, and of assenting to or dissenting from the Certificate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or for either of such Purposes; but such Creditor shall not receive any Dividend out of the separate Estate of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts until all the separate Creditors

Commissioner may expunge Proof of Debts.

Persons requiring Investigation to sign Undertaking for Costs.

Application by Petition.

Choice of Assignees at First Sitting.

Commissioner may reject any Person if unfit.

Joint Creditor entitled to prove under separate Commission;

not to receive Dividend unless he be a Petitioning Creditor.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Personal Estate to vest in the Assignees by virtue of their Appointment.

On Death or Removal of Assignee, Personal Estate to vest in the new one.

Real Estate to vest in Assignees by virtue of their Appointment.

On Death or Removal of As *

(liters shall have received the fall Amount of their respective Debts, unless such Creditor shall be a Petitioning Creditor in a Commission against One Member of a Firm.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That when any Person hath been adjudged a Bankrupt, all the present and future Personal Estate of such Bankrupt, wheresoever the same may be found or known, and all Property which he may purchase, or which may revert, descend, be devised or bequeathed or come to him, before he shall have obtained his Certificate, and all Debts due or to be due to the Bankrupt, wheresoever the same may be found or known, shall become absolutely vested in or transferred to the Assignee or Assignees for the Time being, whether appointed by the Commissioner or chosen by the Creditors, as herein-before provided, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice as aforesaid, and without any Deed of Assignment for that Purpose; and the Property, Right, and Interest in such Debts shall become vested in and transferred to such Assignees for the Time being as fully as if the Assurance whereby they are secured had been made to such Assignees; and neither the Bankrupt, nor any Person claiming through or under him, shall have Power to recover the same, or to make any Release or Discharge thereof; neither shall the same be attached as the Debt of the Bankrupt by any Person, according to the Custom of the City of Dublin or otherwise; but such Assignees for the Time being shall have like Remedy to recover the same, in their owa Names, as the Bankrupt himself might have had if he had not been adjudged bankrupt

LXXV. And be it enacted, That as often as any such Assignee shall die, or be lawfully removed, and a new Assignee duly appointed or chosen, all such Personal Estate as was then vested in such deceased or removed Assignee shall, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice, vest in the new Assignee, either alone or jointly with the existing Assignee or Assignees, as the Case may require, without any Deed of Assignment; for that Purpose.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (except Copyhold or Customaryhold) in England* Scotland, Ireland} or in any of the Dominions, Plantations, or Colonies belonging to His Majesty, to which any Bankrupt is entitled, and all Interest to which such Bankrupt is entitled in any of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of which he might, according to the Laws of the several Countries, Dominions, Plantations, or Colonies, have disposed, and all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as he shall purchase, or shall descend, be devised, revert, or come to such Bankrupt, before he shall have obtained his Certificate, and all Deeds, Papers, and Writings respecting the same, shall vest in the Assignee or Assignees for the Time being of such Bankrupt, whether appointed by the Commissioner or chosen by the Creditors of the Bankrupt, as herein-before mentioned, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice as aforesaid, and without any Deed of Conveyance for that Purpose, discharged from any Claim of the Bankrupt or any Person deriving under him.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That as often as such Assignee or Assignees shall die, or be lawfully removed, and a new Assignee

5 or

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

95

or Assignees shall be duly appointed or chosen, such of the aforesaid Real Estate as shall remain unsold or unconveyed shall by virtue of such Appointment vest in the new Assignee or Assignees, either alone or jointly with the existing Assignee or Assignees, as the Case may require, without any Conveyance for that Purpose.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That a Certificate of the Appointment or Choice of such Assignees under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioner shall be entered of Record in the Office for the Enrolment of Matters relating to Bankruptcy herein-aflter mentioned; and that the same, when so enrolled, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Deed or Deeds of Assignment or Conveyance of the Personal or Real Estates of such Bankrupt had been executed to the said Assignees, and duly registered or enrolled.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall, by Deed indented, and enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, make Sale, for the Benefit of the Creditors, of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate either in England or Ireland or elsewhere, whereof the Bankrupt is seised of any Estate Tail in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, and whereof no Reversion or Remainder is in the Crown, the Gift or Provision of the Crown; and every such Deed shall be good against the said Bankrupt and the Issue of his Body, and against all Persons claiming under him after he became bankrupt, and against all Persons whom the said Bankrupt, by virtue of the Provisions of any Act now in force for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and substituting other Assurances in lieu thereof, or any other Means, might cut off or debar from any Remainder, Reversion, or other Interest in or out of any of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees the Commissioner shall, in the Two Dublin Gazettes next after the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, cause Advertisements to be inserted giving Notice of such Removal, and directing Persons indebted to the Bankrupt's Estate not to pay any Debt to the Assignee or Assignees so removed.

LXXaI. And be it enacted, That whenever an Assignee shall die, or a new Assignee or Assignees shall be appointed or chosen as aforesaid, no Action at Law or Suit in Equity shall be thereby abated, but the Court in which any Action or Suit shall be depending may, upon the Suggestion of such Death or Removal, and new Appointment or Choice, allow the Name or Names of the surviving or new Assignee or Assignees to be substituted in the Place of the former; and such Action or Suit shall be prosecuted in the Name or Names of the said surviving or new Assignee or Assignees in the same Manner as if he or they had originally commenced the same.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall have Power, by Deed indented, and enrolled as aforesaid, to make Sale, for the Benefit of the Creditors, of any Copyhold or Customary-hold Lands of the Bankrupt, either in England, Scotland, or elsewhere, or of any Interest to which any Bankrupt is entitled therein, and thereby to entitle or authorize any Person or Persons

on

signee the Real Estate to vest in the new one.

Certificate of Appointment of Assignees to be enrolled.

Commissioner may make Sale of Hereditaments whereof Bankrupt is seised of any Estate Tail, Ac.

On Removal of Assignees, Notice to be given in Gazette, &c.

Suits not to be abated by Death or Removal of Assignees.

Commissioner may sell Copy-hold Lands.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Personal Estate to vest in the Assignees by virtue of their Appointment.

On Death or Removal of Assignee, Personal Estate to vest in the new one.

Real Estate to vest in Assignees by virtue of their Appointment.

On Death or Removal of As-

diton shall have received the fall Amount of their respective Debts, unless such Creditor shall be a Petitioning Creditor in a Commission against One Member of a Firm*.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That when any Person hath been adjudged a Bankrupt, all the present and future Personal Estate of such Bankrupt, wheresoever the same may be found or known, and all Property which he may purchase, or which may revert, descend, be devised or bequeathed or come to him, before he shall have obtained his Certificate, and all Debts due or to be dne to the Bankrupt, wheresoever the same may be found or known, shall become absolutely vested in or transferred to the Assignee or Assignees for the Time being, whether appointed by the Commissioner or chosen by the Creditors, as herein-before provided, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice as aforesaid, and without any Deed of Assignment for that Purpose; and the Property, Right, and Interest in such Debts shall become vested in and transferred to such Assignees for the Time being as fully as if the Assurance whereby they are secured had been made to such Assignees; and neither the Bankrupt, nor any Person claiming through or under him, shall have Power to recover the same, or to make any Release or Discharge thereof; neither shall the same be attached as the Debt of the Bankrupt by any Person, according to the Custom of the City of Dublin or otherwise; but such Assignees for the Time being shall have like Remedy to recover the same, in their owa Names, as the Bankrupt himself might have had if he had not been adjudged bankrupt

LXXV. And be it enacted, That as often as any such Assignee shall die, or be lawfully removed, and a new Assignee duly appointed or chosen, all such Personal Estate as was then vested in such deceased or removed Assignee shall, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice, vest in the new Assignee, either alone or jointly with the existing Assignee or Assignees, as the Case may require, without any Deed of Assignment; for that Purpose.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (except Copyhold or Customaryhold) in England* Scotland, Ireland, or in any of the Dominions, Plantations, or Colonies belonging to His Majesty, to which any Bankrupt is entitled, and all Interest to which such Bankrupt is entitled in any of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of which he might, according to the Laws of the several Countries, Dominions, Plantations, or Colonies, have disposed, and all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as he shall purchase, or shall descend, be devised, revert, or come to such Bankrupt, before he shall have obtained his Certificate, and all Deeds, Papers, and Writings respecting the same, shall vest in the Assignee or Assignees for the Time being of such Bankrupt, whether appointed by the Commissioner or chosen by the Creditors of the Bankrupt, as herein-before mentioned, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt, by virtue of such Appointment or Choice as aforesaid, and without any Deed of Conveyance for that Purpose, discharged from any Claim of the Bankrupt or any Person deriving under him.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That as often as such Assignee or Assignees shall die, or be lawfully removed, and a new Assignee

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

95

or Assignees shall be duly appointed or chosen, such of the aforesaid Real Estate as shall remain unsold or unconveyed shall by virtue of such Appointment vest in the new Assignee or Assignees, either alone or jointly with the existing Assignee or Assignees, as the Case may require, without any Conveyance for that Purpose.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That a Certificate of the Appointment or Choice of such Assignees under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioner shall be entered of Record in the Office for the Enrolment of Matters relating to Bankruptcy herein-after mentioned; and that the same, when so enrolled, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Deed or Deeds of Alignment or Conveyance of the Personal or Real Estates of such Bankrupt had been executed to the said Assignees, and duly registered or enrolled.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall, by Deed indented, and enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, make Sale, for the Benefit of the Creditors, of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate either in England or Ireland or elsewhere, whereof the Bankrupt is seised of any Estate Tail in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, and whereof no Reversion or Remainder is in the Crown, the Gift or Provision of the Crown; and every such Deed shall be good against the said Bankrupt and the Issue of his Body, and against all Persons claiming under him after he became bankrupt, and against all Persons whom the said Bankrupt, by virtue of the Provisions of any Act now in force for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and substituting other Assurances in lieu thereof, or any other Means, might cut off or debar from any Remainder, Reversion, or other Interest in or out of any of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees the Commissioner shall, in the Two Dublin Gazettes next after the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, cause Advertisements to be inserted giving Notice of such Removal, and directing Persons indebted to the Bankrupt's Estate not to pay any Debt to the Assignee or Assignees so removed.

LXXXuL And be it enacted, That whenever an Assignee shall die, or a new Assignee or Assignees shall be appointed or chosen as aforesaid, no Action at Law or Suit in Equity shall be thereby abated, but the Court in which any Action or Suit shall be depending may, upon the Suggestion of such Death or Removal, and new Appointment or Choice, allow the Name or Names of the surviving or new Assignee or Assignees to be substituted in the Plaee of the former; and such Action or Suit shall be prosecuted in the Name or Names of the said surviving or new Assignee or Assignees in the same Manner as if he or they had originally commenced the same.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall have Power, by Deed indented, and enrolled as aforesaid, to make Sale, for the Benefit of the Creditors, of any Copyhold or Customary-bold Lands of the Bankrupt, either in England, Scotland, or elsewhere, or of any Interest to which any Bankrupt is entitled therein, and thereby to entitle or authorize any Person or Persons

on

slgnee the Real Ertate to vest in the new one.

Certificate of Appointment of Assignees to be enrolled.

Commissioner may make Sale of Hereditaments whereof Bankrupt is seised of any Estate Tail, &c.

On Removal of Assignees, Notice to be given in Gazette, &c.

Suits not to be abated by Death or Removal of Assignees.

Commissioner may sell Copy-hold Lands.

S

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Vendees of Copyhold Lands shall compound with the Lord for their Fines.

Conditional Estates granted by Bankrupt may be redeemed.

Commissioner may proceed when Bankrupt by Fraud makes himself Accountant to the King.

Goods in Possession of Bankrupt by Consent of tlte Owner may be sold.

Proviso as to Ships, under

4 G. 4. c. 41.

on his Behalf to surrender the same for the Purpose of any Purchaser or Purchasers being admitted thereto.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person to whom any Sale of Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements shall be made by the Commissioner shall, before he enter into or take any Profit of the same, agree and compound with the Lords of the Manors of whom the same shall be holden for such Fines, Dues, and other Services as theretofore have been usually paid for the same, and thereupon the said Lords shall, at the next or any subsequent Court to be holden for the said Manors, grant unto such Vendee, upon Request, the said Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements for such Estate or Interest as shall have been so sold to him as aforesaid, reserving the ancient Rents, Customs, and Services, and shall admit him Tenant of the same.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall have granted, conveyed, assured, or pledged any Real or Personal Estate, or deposited any Deed, such Grant, Conveyance, Assurance, Pledge, or Deposit, being upon Condition or Power of Redemption at a future Day, by Payment of Money or otherwise, the Assignees may, before the Time of the Performance of such Condition, make Tender or Payment of Money, or other Performance, according to such Condition, as fully as the Bankrupt might have done; and after such Tender, Payment, or Performance may sell and dispose of such Real or Personal Estate for the Benefit of the Creditors as aforesaid.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Real or Personal Estate or Debts of any Bankrupt be extended, after he shall have become Bankrupt, by any Person, under Pretence of his being an Accountant of or Debtor to the King, the Commissioner may examine upon Oath whether the said Debt was due to such Debtor or Accountant upon any Contract originally made between such Accountant and the Bankrupt; and if such Contract was originally made with any other Person than the said Debtor or Accountant, or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, the Commissioner may sell and dispose of such Real and Personal Estate or Debts for the Benefit of the Creditors under the Commission; and such Sale shall be valid against the said Extent, and all Persons claiming under it; and any Person to whom the said Real and Personal Estate or Debts shall be bargained and sold, granted or assigned, by the Commissioner, shall have and may recover the same against any Person who shall detain the same.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Trader at the Time he becomes bankrupt shall, by the Consent and Permission of the true Owner thereof, have in his Possession, Order, or Disposition any Goods or Chattels whereof he was reputed Owner, or whereof he had taken upon him the Sale, Alteration, or Disposition as Owner, the Commissioner shall have Power to sell and dispose of the same for the Benefit of the Creditors under the Commission; provided that nothing herein contained shall invalidate or affect any Transfer or Assignment of any Ship or Vessel, or any Share thereof, made as a Security for any Debt or Debts, either by way of Mortgage or Assignment, duly registered according to the Provisions of an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 99

ftadnot at the Time of such Conveyance, Contract, Dealing, or Transaction, or at the Time of executing or levying such Execution or Attachment, Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by him committed: Provided also, that where a Commission has been superseded, if any other Commission shall issue against any Person or Persons comprised in such First Commission within Two Calendar Months next after it shall have been superseded, no such Conveyance, Contract, Dealing, or Transaction, Execution or Attachment, shall be valid, unless made, entered into, executed, or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the issuing the First Commission.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all Payments really and bona fide made or which shall hereafter be made by any Bankrupt, or by any Person on his Behalf, before the Date and issuing of the Commission against such Bankrupt, to any Creditor of such Bankrupt, (such Payment not being a fraudulent Preference of such Creditor,) shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed; and all Payments really and bona fide made or which shall hereafter be made to any Bankrupt before the Date and issuing of the Commission against such Bankrupt shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, and such Creditor shall not be liable to refund the same to the Assignees of such Bankrupt, provided the Person so dealing with the said Bankrupt had not at the Time of such Payment by or to such Bankrupt Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That the issuing of a Commission shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy (if an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed before the issuing the Commission) , if the Adjudication of the Bankruptcy of the Person or Persons against whom such Commission has issued shall have been notified in the Dublin Gazette, and the Person or Persons to be affected by such Notice may reasonably be presumed to have seen the same.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person or Body Corporate or public Company, having in his or their Possession or Custody any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects belonging to any Bankrupt, shall be endangered by reason of the Payment or Delivery thereof to the Bankrupt or his Order, provided such Person or Body Corporate or Company had not at the Time of such Delivery or Payment Notice that such Bankrupt had committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That if any accredited Agent of any Body Corporate or public Company shall have had Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy, such Body Corporate or Company shall be thereby deemed to have had such Notice.

C. And be it enacted, That no Purchase from any Bankrupt bondfide and for valuable Consideration, where the Purchaser had Notice at the Time of such Purchase of an Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, shall be impeached by reason thereof, unless the Commission against such Bankrupt shall have been sued out within Twelve Calendar Months after such Act of Bankruptcy.

H 2 Cl. And

Proviso in Cases where Commission is afterwards superseded.

Payments made by and to Bankrupt without Notice, ftc. valid, notwithstanding Act of Bankruptcy.

What shall be

constructive

Notice.

Persons not endangered for Delivery of Goods without Notice, Ac.

Notice to Bodies Corporate, &c.

Bona fide Purchases, with Notice, not to be impeached.

M

C. 14.

6° & 7° ' GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Lord Chancellor may order Bankrupt to join in Convey* mo *

Where Trustee becomes bank-! rupt Chancellor may order Conveyance or Assignment to other Trustees.

When the Bankrupt beneficially entitled to Stock.

Conveyances, Contracts, &c. made without Notice, Two Months before Commission, valid.

may be executed by the Assignees, for the Benefit of the Creditors, in such Manner as the Bankrupt might have, executed the same.

XCII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon the Petition of the Assignees, or of any Purchaser from them of any Part of the Bankrupt's Estate, if such Bankrupt shall not try the Validity of the Commission, or if there shall have been a Verdict at Law establishing its Validity, to order the Bankrupt to join in any Conveyance of such Estate or any Part thereof, and if he shall not execute such Conveyance within the Time directed by the Order, such Bankrupt, and all Persons claiming under him, shall be stopped from objecting to the Validity of such Conveyance, and all Estate, Right, or Title which such Bankrupt had therein shall be as effectually barred by such Order as if such Conveyance had been executed by him.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt shall as Trustee be seised, possessed of, or entitled to, either alone or jointly, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Interest secured upon or arising out of the same, or shall have standing in his Name as Trustee, either alone or jointly, any Government Stock, Funds, or Annuities, or any of the Stock of any public Company, either in England, Scotland, or Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, on the Petition of the Person or Persons entitled in Possession to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, Dividends, Interest, or Produce thereof, on due Notice given to all other Persons (if any) interested therein, to order the Assignees, and all Persons whose Act or Consent thereto is necessary, to convey, assign, or transfer the said Estate, Interest, Stock, Funds, or Annuities to such Person Or Persons as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit, upon the same Trusts as the same Estate, Interest, Stock, Funds, or Annuities were subject to before the Bankruptcy, or such of them as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking effect, and also to receive and pay over the Rents, Issues, and Profits, Dividends, Interest, or Produce thereof, as the Lord Chancellor shall direct.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That if any such Bankrupt shall have any Government Stock, Funds, or Annuities, or any of the Stock of any public Company, either in England, Scotland, or Ireland* standing in his Name in his own Right, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to order all Persons whose Act or Consent is thereto necessary to transfer the same into the Name of the Assignees, and to pay all Dividends upon the same to such Assignees; and all such Persons whose Act or Consent is so necessary as aforesaid are hereby indemnified for all Things done or permitted pursuant to such Order.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances by, and all Contracts and other Dealings and Transactions by and with, any Bankrupt, bona fide made and entered into more than Two Calendar Months before the Date and issuing of the Commission against him, and all Executions and Attachments against the Lands and Tenements or Goods and Chattels of such Bankrupt, bona fide executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the issuing of such Commission, shall be valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by him committed, provided the Person or Persons so dealing with such Bankrupt, or at whose Suit or on whose Account such Execution or Attachment shall have issued,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 99

fcadnot it tke lime of Midi Conveyance, Contract, Dealing, or Transaction, or at the Time of executing or levying such Execution or Attachment, Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by him committed: Provided also, that where a Commission has been sopeneded, if any other Commission shall issue against any Person or Perms comprised in such First Commission within Two Calendar Months next after it shall have been superseded, no such Conveyance, Contract. Dealing, or Transaction, Execution or Attachment, shall be valid, unless made, entered into, executed, or levied more than Two Calendar Months before the issuing the First Commission.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all Payments really and bona fide made or which shall hereafter be made by any Bankrupt, or by any Person on his Behalf, before the Date and issuing of the Commission against such Bankrupt, to any Creditor of such Bank-nipt, (such Payment not being a fraudulent Preference of such Creditor,) shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed; and all Payments really and bona fide made or which shall hereafter be made to any Bankrupt before the Date and issuing of the Commission against such Bankrupt shall be deemed valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, and such Creditor shall not be liable to refund the same to the Assignees of each Bankrupt, provided the Person so dealing with the said Bankrupt had not at the Time of such Payment by or to such Bankrupt Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That the issuing of a Commission shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy (if an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed before the issuing the Comurismon) , if the Adjudication of the Bankruptcy of the Person or Persons against whom such Commission has issued shall have been notified in the Dublin Gazette, and the Person or Persons to be affected by such Notice may reasonably be presumed to have seen the same.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person or Body Corporate or public Company, having in his or their Possession or Custody lay Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects belonging to any Bankrupt, shall be endangered by reason of the Payment or Delivery thereof to the Bankrupt or his Order, provided such Person or Body Corporate or Company had not at the Time of neh Delivery or Payment Notice that such Bankrupt had committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

XCEL And be it enacted, That if any accredited Agent of any Body Corporate or public Company shall have had Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy, such Body Corporate or Company shall be thereby deemed to have had such Notice.

C. And be it enacted, That no Purchase from any Bankrupt bondfide and for valuable Consideration, where the Purchaser had Notice at the Time of such Purchase of an Act of Bankruptcy by each Bankrupt committed, shall be impeached by reason thereof, imle» the Commission against such Bankrupt shall have been toed oat within Twelve Calendar Months after such Act of Bankruptcy.

H 2 CL And

Proviso in Cases where Commission is afterwards superseded.

Payments made by and to Bankrupt without Notice, ftc. valid, notwithstanding Act of Bankruptcy.

What shall be

constructive

Notice.

Persons not endangered for Delivery of Goods without Notice, &c«

Notice to Bodies Corporate, &c.

Bona fide Purchases, with Notice, not to be impeached.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

As to Impeachment of Titles to Property sold under Commission.

Assignees, with the Consent of Creditors, may compound, or submit Disputes to Arbitration, &c.

As to Meeting of Creditors.

Assignees of any One or more Members of a Firm may use the Names of Partners in Suits.

In Actions by or against any Person acting under Commission, no Proof required at the Trial of Petitioning Creditors Debt,

Cl. And be it enacted, That no Title to any Real or Personal Estate sold under any Commission or under any Order in Bankruptcy shall be impeached by the Bankrupt, or any Person claiming under him, in respect of any Defect in the suing out of the Commission, or in any of the Proceedings under the same, unless the Bankrupt shall have commenced Proceedings to supersede the said Commission, and duly prosecuted the same, within Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing thereof.

CII. And be it enacted, That the Assignees, with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors who shall have proved under the Commission, present at any Meeting whereof and of the Purport whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette, may compound with any Debtor to the Bankrupt's Estate, and take any reasonable Part of the Debt in discharge of the whole, or may give Time or take Security for the Payment of such Debt, or may submit any Dispute between such Assignees and any Persons concerning any Matter relating to such Bankrupt's Estate to the Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the Assignees and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party with whom they shall have such Dispute; and the Award of such Arbitrators shall be binding on all the Creditors; and the Assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall do according to the Directions aforesaid; and no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by the Assignees without such Consent as aforesaid; provided that if One Third in Value or upwards of such Creditors shall not attend at any such Meeting (whereof such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid) the Assignees shall have Power, with the Consent of the Commissioner, testified in Writing under his Hand, to do any of the Matters aforesaid.

CIII. And be it enacted, That in any Commission against any One or more Member or Members of a Firm the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, authorize the Assignees to commence or prosecute any Action at Law or Suit in Equity in the Names of such Assignees and of the remaining Partner or Partners against any Debtor of the Partnership, and thereupon such Assignees may obtain such Judgment, Decree, or Order therein as if such Action or Suit had been instituted with the Consent of such Partner or Partners; and if such Partner or Partners shall execute any Release of the Debt or Demand for which such Action or Suit is instituted such Release shall be void; provided that every such Partner, if no Benefit is claimed by him by virtue of the said Proceedings, shall be indemnified against the Payment of any Costs in respect of such Action or Suit; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, upon the Petition of such Partner, to direct that he may receive so much of the Proceeds of such Action or Suit as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit.

CIV. And be it enacted, That in any Action by or against any Assignee, [or in any Action against any Person acting under the Warrant of the Commissioner for any thing done under such Warrant, no Proof shall be required, at the Trial, of the Petitioning Creditors Debt or Debts, or of the Trading, or Act or Acts of Bankruptcy respectively, unless the other Party in such Action shall, if Defendant, at or before the Time of pleading, and, if 5 Plaintiff,

G° & T° GULIELMI IV. C. 14 *

MB

the Application or Behalf of any Party interested therein, and on Payment of such Fees, as before the passing of this Act were by Law payable for the like Business, without any Petition or Writing presented for that Purpose; and the Lord Chancellor may, upon Petition, direct any Depositions, Proceedings, or other Matters relating to Commissions of Bankruptcy to be entered of Record as aforesaid, on the Payment of such Fees as before the passing of this Act were by Law payable for the like Business; and all Persons shall be at liberty to search for any of the Matters so entered of Record as aforesaid; provided that on the Production in Evidence of any Instrument so directed to be entered of Record, having the Certificate thereon purporting to be signed by the Person so appointed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, or their Successors, the same shall, without any Proof of such Signature, be received as Evidence of such Instrument having been so entered of Record as aforesaid; and the Fee of One Shilling and no more shall be payable to the Person so appointed as aforesaid, and his Successors, for every Search made for Matter so entered of Record as aforesaid.

CXII. And be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit, or Issue Office Copies of any original Instrument or Writing filed in the Office or officially in the Possession of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts shall be Evidence to be received of every such original Instrument or Writing respectively; and if any such original Instrument or Writing shall be produced on any Trial the Costs of producing the same shall not be allowed on Taxation, unless it appears that the Production of such original Instrument or other Writing was necessary.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That in the event of the Death of any of the Witnesses deposing to the Petitioning Creditors Debt, Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy, under any Commission heretofore iwued or heretofore to be issued, the Depositions of such Witnesses, or a Copy thereof, duly authenticated according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be Evidence of the Matters and Things therein respectively contained, so far as relates to the Sufficiency of the Petitioning Creditors Debt, Trading, and Act of Bankruptcy, in all Proceedings at Law or in Equity, as fully and effectually as if the said Matters and Things had been deposed to by the same Witnesses if living.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Production in Evidence of any Commission, Adjudication, Certificate of Appointment or Choice of Assignees, Certificate of Conformity, Deposition, or other Proceeding in Bankruptcy, purporting to be signed and sealed by the said Commissioner, or of any Writing purporting to be a Copy of any such Document, and purporting to be signed and sealed as aforesaid, the same shall be received as Evidence of such Documents respectively, and of the same having been so entered of Record as aforesaid, without any-further Proof thereof: Provided nevertheless, that all Commissions, and Proceedings under the same, which may have been entered' of Record before the passing of this Act, shall and may, upon the Production thereof, with the Certificate thereon purporting to, be signed by the Person so appointed to enter Proceedings in

H 4 Bankruptcy,

Lord Chancellor may direct other Matters to be entered of Record.

Certificate of Entry endorsed to be Evidence of Entry.

Office Copies made Evidence' in certain Cases, Ac.

Provision in case of Death of Witnesses.

Proceedings in Bankruptcy purporting to be signed and sealed by the Commissioner to be received as Evidence.

ioi

C. 14.

6° & T GULIELMI- IV.

A.D. 186.

hare recovered discharged from Claims by Bankrupt.

Office for registering Proceedings in Bankruptcy.

Commissions already issued and Proceedings therein effectual, &c.

Custody of Matters entered of Record under former Commissions.

No Commission, Adjudication, &c. received in Evidence unless entered of Record.

mission be afterwards superseded, from all Demands which may thereafter!)© made in respect of the same by the Person or Persons against whom such Commission issued, and all Persons claiming under him or them; and all Persons who shall, without Action or Suit, bona fide deliver up Possession of any Real or Personal Estate to the Assignees, or pay any Debt claimed by them, are hereby discharged from all Claim of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid in respect of the same, or any Person claiming under him or them, provided such Notice to try the Validity of the Commission had not been given and proceeded in within the Time and in manner aforesaid.

CIX. And be it enacted, That all Things done pursuant to the Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King George the Third, and hereby repealed, whereby it was enacted that the Lord Chancellor should appoint a Place where all Matters relating to Commissions of Bankruptcy should be entered of Record, and should appoint a Person to have the Custody thereof, be hereby confirmed; and the Person appointed by virtue of the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King George the Third shall, by himself, or his Deputy, to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, enter of Record ail Matters relating to Commissions of Bankruptcy, and have the Custody of the Entries thereof; and he and his Deputy, and their Successors, who shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Lord Chancellor as a Vacancy shall arise, shall continue in their respective Offices so long as they shall respectively behave themselves well, and shall not be removed, except by Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord Chancellor, on sufficient Cause therein specified; and that all Commissions of Bankruptcy issued before this Act shall take effect, and all Depositions and other Proceedings relating to such Commissions directed to be enrolled and actually entered of Record before this Act shall take effect, shall be deemed and taken to have been well and effectually entered of Record; and the Certificate of such Entry, purporting to be signed by the Person appointed to enter such Proceedings, or by his Deputy, shall be received in Evidence, without Proof of the Appointment or Handwriting of such Person.

CX. And be it enacted, That the Person so appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King George the Third, and his Successors, shall have the Custody and Care of all the said Records, and of all other Records to be entered in pursuance of this Act; and shall, by himself or his Deputy, enter of Record all Matters and Proceedings in Bankruptcy which by this Act, or any Order made in pursuance of it, are or may be directed or required to be entered of Record upon Payment of such Fees as before the passing of this Act he was entitled to receive for the like Business.

CXI. And be it enacted, That after this Act shall take effect no Commission of Bankruptcy, Adjudication of Bankruptcy, Certificate of the Appointment or Choice of Assignees, or Certificate of Conformity, shall be received as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, unless the same shall have been so entered of Record as aforesaid; and every such Instrument shall be so entered of Record, and the Certificate of such Entry indorsed thereon, upon

Jo the

A.D. 183 & 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

G U.

105

directed to be made are respectively empowered to administer the same, and also such solemn Affirmation or Declaration, as aforesaid.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money forfeited under this Act; or by virtue of any Conviction for Perjury committed in any Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration hereby directed or authorized, may be sued for by the Assignees in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and the Money so recovered (the Charges of Suit being deducted) shall be divided among the Creditors, who shall not by reason thereof be incompetent Witnesses in any Proceedings for the Recovery of such Penalties.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That the Assignees shall keep an Account wherein they shall enter all Property of the Bankrupt received by or vested in them, and all Payments made by them, or by Order of the Commissioner, on account of the Bankrupt's Estate, which Account every Creditor who shall have proved may inspect at all seasonable Times; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioner at all Times, by Writing under his Hand, to summon the Assignees before him, and require them to produce all Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents relating to the Bankruptcy in their Possession; and if such Assignees so summoned shall not come before the Commissioner at the Time appointed (having no Impediment made known to the Commissioner at the Time of his sitting, and allowed by him,) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, 'directed to such Person as he shall think fit, to cause such Assignees to be brought before him; and upon their refusing to produce such Books, Deeds, Writings, Papers, or Documents as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to commit the Party so refusing to such Prison as he shall think fit, there to remain, without Bail, until such Party shall submit himself to the stud Commissioner.

CXX. And be it enacted, That at 'the Meeting of Creditors for the Choice of Assignees the major Part in Value of such Creditors there present may direct how, and with whom, and where the Money received from Time to Time out of the Estate of the Bankrupt shall be paid in and remain until it be divided; and if such Creditors shall not make such Direction as aforesaid, the Commissioner shall, immediately after such Choice, and at the same Meeting, make such Direction; but no Money shall be directed to be paid into the Hands of the Commissioner, or of the Solicitor to the Commission, or into any Banking House or other House of Trade in which any such Commissioner or Solicitor, or the Assignees of the Bankrupt, is or are an. Acting Partner, Manager, or Cashier.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner may, as often as it shall appear to him expedient for the Bankrupt's Estate, direct any Money, Part of such Estate, to .be invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or in the Publio Funds, for the Benefit of the Creditors, and may direct where and with whom such Exchequer Bills shall be kept, and cause such Exchequer Bills to be sold when it shall appear to him expedient, and may direct the Proceeds thereof to be again laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or in the Public Funds, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors, subject to the Control of the Lord Chancellor.

Applications of Forfeitures.

Assignees to keep a Book of Account of the Bankrupt's Estate.

Commissioner may summon Assignees, &c-

Creditors to direct where Money arising from Bankrupt's Estate shall be paid in, Ac.

Commissioner may direct any Money to be invested in Exchequer Bills or in Public Funds.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

Where Debts do not exceed 20L Certificate of Adjudication to be Evidence.

Commissions, Deeds, and other Instruments relating to Estates and Effects of Bankrupts not liable to Stamp Duty|;

nor Sales to Auction Duty.

Punishment of Perjury, and false Affirmation or Decla-tion.

Provision as to Quakers and others.

Bankruptcy, or by his Deputy, be received as Evidence of the same having been duly entered of Record; any thing herein eon-t&ined to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXV. And whereas great Difficulty hm arisen to the Assignees of Bankrupts in the Recovery of Small Debts be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Debt sought to be recovered by the Assignees shall not exceed Twenty Pounds the Certificate of the Appointment or Choice of Assignees, entered of Record as aforesaid, or a Copy thereof signed and sealed as aforesaid, shall be conclusive Evidence of the issuing the Commission, and of the Person named in such Certificate being a Bankrupt, and of the due Appointment or Choice of such Assignees.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That after this Act shall have come into effect all Commissions of Bankrupt, and also all Deeds, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, Admissions, and other Assurances of or to or relating solely to any Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or any Mortgage, Charge, or other Incumbrance upon, or any Estate, Right, or Interest of and in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Personal Estate, being the Estate of or belonging to any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or Part or Parcel thereof, and which after the Execution of such Deeds, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, or Assurances respectively shall, either at Law or in Equity, be or remain the Estate and Property of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or of the Assignee or Assignees appointed or chosen by virtue of the Commission issued against him or them Respectively, and also all Powers of Attorney, Writs of Supersedeas and Procedendo, Certificates of Conformity, Affidavits, and all other Instruments and Writings whatsoever relating solely to the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or any Part thereof, or to any Proceedings under any Commission, and mil Advertisements inserted in the Dublin Gazette relating solely to Matters in Bankruptcy, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty or any other Government Duty whatsoever; and all Sales of any Real or Personal Estate of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall not be liable to any Auction Duty.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That any Bankrupt or other Person who shall in any Examination before the Commissioner, or in any Affidavit or Deposition authorized or directed by the present or any Act hereby repealed, wilfully and corruptly swear falsely, being convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties in force against wilful and corrupt Perjury; and where any Oath is hereby directed or required to be taken or administered, or Affidavit to be made, by or to any Party, such Party, if a Quaker or Moravian or Separatist, shall or may make solemn Affirmation or Declaration; and such Quaker, Moravian, or Separatist, as the Case may be, shall incur such Danger or Penalty for refusing to make such solemn Affirmation or Declaration in such Matters, when thereto required, as is hereby provided against Persons refusing to be sworn; and all Quakers, Moravians, or Separatists who shall in any such Affirmation or Declaration knowingly and wilfully affirm or declare falsely shall suffer the same Penalties as are provided against Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury; and all Persons before whom Oaths or Affidavits are hereby

directed

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

105

directed to be made are respectively empowered to administer the same, and also such solemn Affirmation or Declaration, as aforesaid.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money forfeited under this Act; or by virtue of any Conviction for Perjury committed in any Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration hereby directed or authorized, may be sued for by the Assignees in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and the Money so recovered (the Charges of Suit being deducted) shall be divided among the Creditors, who shall not by reason thereof be incompetent Witnesses in any Proceedings for the Recovery of such Penalties.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That the Assignees shall keep an Account wherein they shall enter all Property of the Bankrupt received by or vested in them, and all Payments made by them, or by Order of the Commissioner, on account of the Bankrupt's Estate, which Account every Creditor who shall have proved may inspect at all seasonable Times; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioner at all Times, by Writing under his Hand, to summon the Assignees before him, and require them to produce all Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents relating to the Bankruptcy in their Possession; and if such Assignees so summoned shall not come before the Commissioner at die Time appointed (having no Impediment made known to the Commissioner at the Time of his sitting, and allowed by him,) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, 'directed to such Person as he shall think fit, to cause such Assignees to be brought before him; and upon their refusing to produce such Books, Deeds, Writings, Papers, or Documents as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to commit the Party so refusing to such Prison as he shall think fit, there to remain, without Bail, until such Party shall submit himself to the said Commissioner.

CXX. And be it enacted, That at 'the Meeting of Creditors for the Choice of Assignees the major Part in Value of such Creditors there present may direct how, and with whom, and where the Money received from Time to Time out of the Estate of the Bankrupt shall be paid in and remain until it be divided; and if such Creditors shall not make such Direction as aforesaid, the Commissioner shall, immediately after such Choice, and at the Game Meeting, make such Direction; but no Money shall be directed to be paid into the Hands of the Commissioner, or of the Solicitor to the Commission, or into any Banking House or other House of Trade in which any such Commissioner or Solicitor, or the Assignees of the Bankrupt, is or are an. Acting Partner, Manager, or Cashier.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner may, as often as it shall appear to him expedient for the Bankrupt's Estate, direct any Money, Part of such Estate, to , be invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or in the Public Funds, for the Benefit of the Creditors, and may direct where and with whom such Exchequer Bills shall be kept, and cause such Exchequer Bills to be sold when it shall appear to him expedient, and may direct the Proceeds thereof to be again laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or in the Public Funds, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors, subject to the Control of the Lord Chancellor.

Applications of Forfeitures.

Assignees to keep a Book of Account of the Bankrupt's Estate.

Commissioner may summon Assignees, &c-

Creditors to direct where Money arising from Bankrupt's Estate shall be paid in, &c.

Commissioner may direct any Money to be invested In Exchequer Bills or in Public Funds.

1Q0

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI iy.

A.D. 18S6.

Assignee to pay or invest Money, and retaining it, or permitting Co -igneeto retain or employ it, to be charged 20 per Cent.

Certificate of a Bankrupt Assignee hot to discharge him in respect of Bankrupt's Estate retained.

Commissioner shall audit Accounts of Assignees not sooner than Four Months from the issuing of the Commission, nor later than Six Months from the last Examination.

Method of ipaking Dividend.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee shall retain in his Hands or employ for his own Benefit, or knowingly permit any Co-assignee so to retain or employ, any Sum to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, Part of the Estate of the Bankrupt, or shall neglect to invest any Money in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or in the Public Funds, when so directed as aforesaid, every such Assignee shall be charged in his Accounts with such Sum as shall be equal to Interest at the Rate of Twenty. per Cent, on all such Money for the Time during which he shall have so retained or employed the same, or permitted the same to be retained or employed as aforesaid, or during which he shall have so neglected to invest the same in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or in the Public Funds; and the Commissioner is hereby required to charge every such Assignee in his Accounts accordingly.

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee, indebted to the Estate of which he is such Assignee in respect of Money retained or employed by him for his own Benefit, become bankrupt, if he shall obtain his Certificate it shall only have the Effect of freeing his Person from Arrest and Imprisonment; but his future Effects (his Tools of Trade, necessary Household Goods, and the necessary Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife, and Children excepted,) shall remain liable for so much of his Debts due to the Estate of which he was Assignee as shall not be paid by Dividends under his Commission, together with lawful Interest for the whole Debt.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall at the Sitting appointed for the last Examination of the Bankrupt appoint a Sitting, not sooner than Four Calendar Months from the issuing of the Commission, nor later than Six Calendar Months from the last Examination of the Bankrupt, whereof, and of the Purport whereof, he shall give Twenty-one Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette^ to audit the Accounts of the Assignees; and the Assignees at such Sitting shall deliver upon Oath a true Statement in Writing of all Monies received by them respectively, and when and on what Account and how the same have been employed; and the Commissioner shall examine such Statement, and compare the Receipts with the Payments, and ascertain what Balances have been from Time to Time in the Hands of such Assignees respectively, and shall inquire whether any Sum appearing to be in their Hands ought to be retained; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine the said Assignees upon Oath touching the Truth of such Accounts; and in such Accounts the said Assignees shall be allowed to retain all such Money as they shall have expended in suing out and prosecuting such Commission, and all other just Allowances.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall, not sooner than Four nor later than Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing the Commission, appoint a Sitting (whereof, and of the Purport whereof, he shall give Twenty-one Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette) to make a Dividend of the Bankrupts Estate, at which Sitting all Creditors who have not proved their Debts shall be entitled to prove the same; and the said Commissioner at such Sitting shall order such Part of the net Produce of the

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

Bankrupt's Estate as he shall think fit to be forthwith divided

amongst such Creditors as have proved Debts under the Commission in proportion to their respective Debts, and shall make an Order for a Dividend in Writing under his Hand, and shall cause one Part of such Order to be filed amongst the Proceedings under the Commission, and shall deliver another Part thereof to the Assignees, which Order shall contain an Account of the Time and Place of making such Order, of the Amount of Ike Debts proved, of the Money remanring to be divided, of how much in the Pound is then ordered to be paid to every Creditor, and of the Money allowed by the Commissioner to be retained by the Assignees, with his Reasons for allowing the same to be so retained; and no Dividend shall be declared unless the Accounts of the Assignees shall have been first so audited as aforesaid, and such Statement delivered by them upon Oath as aforesaid.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Creditor having Security for his Debt, or having made any Attachment in Dublin or any other Place by virtue of any Custom there used, of the Goods and Chattels of the Bankrupt, shall receive upon any such Security or Attachment more than a rateable Part of such Debt, except in respect of any Execution or Extent served and levied by Seizure upon, or any Mortgage of or Lien upon any Part of the Property of such Bankrupt before the Bankruptcy; provided that no Creditor, though for a valuable Consideration, who shall sue out Execution upon any Judgment obtained by Default, Confession, or Nil dicit shall avail himself of such Execution to the Prejudice of other fair Creditors, but shall be paid rateably with such

Creditors.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That if the Bankrupt's Estate shall not have been wholly divided upon the First Dividend, the Commissioner shall, within Eighteen Calendar Months after the issuing of the Commission, appoint a Sitting (whereof, and of the Purport whereof, he shall give Twenty-one Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette) to make a Second Dividend of the Bankrupt's Estate, when all Creditors who have not proved their Debts may prove the same; and the Commissioner at such Meeting, after taking such Audit as herein-before directed, shall order the Balance to be forthwith divided amongst such of the Creditors as shall have proved their Debts \ and such Second Dividend shall be final, unless any Action at Law or Suit in Equity be depending, or any Part of the Estate be standing out, not sold or disposed of or unless some other Estate or Effects of the Bankrupt shall afterwards come to the Assignees, in which Case the same shall be as soon as may be converted into Money, and within Two Calendar Months after the same shall be so converted divided in manner aforesaid.

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Assignee under any Commission of Bankrupt shall have, either in his own Hands or at any Bankers, or otherwise subject to his Order or Disposition, or to his Knowledge in the Hands or in the Order and Disposition of himself and any Co-assignee or Co-assignees, or of any or either of them, any unclaimed Dividend or Dividends amounting in the whole to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall not within Six Calendar Months after this Act shall have taken effect, or Two

Calendar

107

No Dividend without previous Audit.

Creditonheriqg Security for their Debts not to receive more than other Creditors.

Final Dividend within Eighteen Months, unless Suit depending or Estate standing out.

Assignees to file an Account in Bankrupt Office of unclaimed Dividends remaining in their Hands.

C. 14.

6° & V GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Penalty on

Assignees

neglecting.

Power of Investment of such Dividends, and dividing the same among other Creditors nfter Three Years.

No Action for Dividend: Remedy by Petition to Lord Chancellor.

Bankrupt not surrendering and submitting to be examined, or not discovering all his Estate, or not delivering up his Goods, Books, &c., or removing or embezzling to the Amount of 10/., guilty of Felony, &c.

Calendar Months after the Expiration of One Year after the Declaration and Order for Payment of such Dividend or Dividends made by the Commissioner, either pay to the Creditor or Creditors entitled thereto, or cause a Certificate thereof to be filed in the Office of the Lord Chancellor s Secretary of Bankrupts, containing a full and true Account of the Name or Names of the Creditor or Creditors to whom such unclaimed Dividend or Dividends is or are respectively due, and of the Amount of such Dividend or Dividends respectively, (such Account being signed by the Assignee or Assignees rendering the same, and attested by the Solicitor to the Commission, or the Solicitor to the Assignee or Assignees signing the same,) such Assignee or Assignees shall be charged in account with the Estate of the Bankrupt Interest upon such unclaimed Dividend or Dividends, to be computed from the Time when such Certificate is hereby directed to be filed at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Time as he shall thenceforth retain the same, and also such further Sum as the Commissioner shall think fit, not exceeding in the whole Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Lord Chancellor or the said Commissioner may order the Investment of any unclaimed Dividend or Dividends in the Public Funds or in any Government Security for or on account of the Creditors entitled, and subject to such Order as the Lord Chancellor may think fit to make respecting the same, who, if he shall think fit, may, after the same shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years from the Declaration of such Dividends by the Commissioner, order the same to be divided amongst and paid to the other Creditors; and the Proof of the Creditors to whom such Dividends were allotted shall from thenceforth be considered as void as to the same, but renewable as to any future Dividends, to place them pari passu with the other Creditors, but not to disturb any Dividends which shall have been previously made.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Action for any Dividend shall be brought against the Assignees by any Creditor who shall have proved under the Commission; but if the Assignees shall refuse to pay any such Dividend the Lord Chancellor may, on Petition, order Payment thereof, with Interest for the Time that it shall have been withheld, and the Costs of the Application.

CXXX. And be it enacted, That if any Person against whom any Commission has been issued or shall, hereafter be issued, whereupon such Person hath been or shall be declared bankrupt, shall not, before Three of the Clock upon the Forty-second Day after Notice thereof in Writing to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, or personal Notice in case such Person be then in Prison, and Notice given in the Dublin Gazette of issuing of the Commission and of the Sittings of the Commissioner, surrender himself to him, and sign or subscribe such Surrender, and submit to be examined before him from Time to Time upon Oath, or being a Quaker or Moravian or Separatist upon solemn Affirmation or Declaration, or if any such Bankrupt upon such Examination shall not discover all his Real or Personal Estate, and how and to whom, upon what Consideration, and when he disposed of* assigned, or transferred any of such Estate, and all Books, Papers, and Writings relating thereunto, (except such Part

as

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

ti>9

as shall have been really and bona fide before sold or disposed of in the Way of his Trade, or laid out in the ordinary Expence of his Family,) or if any such Bankrupt shall not upon such Examination deliver up to the Commissioner all such Part of such Estate, and all Books, Papers, and Writings relating thereunto, as be in his Possession, Custody, or Power, (except the necessary Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife and Children,) or if any such Bank-nipt shall remove, conceal, or embezzle any Part of such Estate to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, or any Books of Account,

Pipers, or Writings relating thereto, with Intend to defraud his Creditors, every such Bankrupt shall be deemed guilty of Felony, sod be liable to be transported for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years as the Court before which he shall be convicted shall adjudge, or shall be liable to be imprisoned only, or imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, in any Common Gaol, Penitentiary House, or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CXXXL. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall Lord ChanceOar have Power, as often as he shall think tit, from Time to Time to enlarge enlarge the Time for the Bankrupt surrendering himself for such Time for B5nk" Time as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit, so as every such RUTen Order be made Six Days at least before the Day on which such Bankrupt was to surrender himself.

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Allowance to Commissioner, before the Choice of Assignees, and after such Bankrupt for Choice for the Assignees with the Approbation of the Commis- Maintenance* doner testified in Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time to make such Allowance to the Bankrupt out of his Estate, until he shall have passed his last Examination, as shall be necessary for the Support of himself and his Family.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Bankrupt appro- As to Bankrupts bended by any Warrant of the Commissioner shall, within the apprehended by Time hereby allowed for him to surrender, submit to be examined, War3ranL and in all Things conform, he shall have the same Benefit as if he had voluntarily surrendered.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Bankrupt, after the Bankrupt to Appointment or Choice of Assignees, shall (if thereto required) deKver up his forthwith deliver up to them, upon Oath sworn before a Master Books of Ac-Ordinary or Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justice of the Peace, ail Books of Account, Papers, and Writings relating to his Estate and to attend in his Custody or Power, and discover such as are in the Custody Assignees, or Power of any other Person; and every such Bankrupt not in Prison or Custody shall at all Times after such Surrender attend such Assignees, upon every reasonable Notice in Writing for that Purpose, given by them to him, or left at his House, and shall assist such Assignees in making out the Accounts of his Estate; and such Bankrupt after he shall have surrendered may at all seasonable Times before the Expiration of the said Forty-two Days, or such further Time as shall be allowed to him to finish his Examination, inspect his Books, Papers, and Writings in the Presence of his Assignees or any Person appointed by them, and bring with him each Time any Two Persons to assist him; and every such Bankrupt, after he shall have obtained his Certificate, shall, upon Demand in Writing given to him or left at his usual

Place

CL14.

«& 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Allowance for Attendance.

Commitment for Non-Attendance.

Bankrupt may be appointed to jnanage his Estate, &c. for Benefit of Creditors.

Bankrupt to be free from Arrest during Examination; and, if arrested, to be diachaigedon producing /Summons.

Penalty on Officer detaining Bankrupt.

Commissioner may adjourn final Examination of Bankrupt sine die.

Bankrupt in Custody to be brought before Commissioner at Creditors nence.

Place of Abode, attend the Assignees to settle any Accounts between his Estate and any Debtor to or Creditor thereof or attend any Court of Record to give Evidence touching the same, or do any Act necessary for getting in the said Estate, for which Attendance he shall be paid Five Shillings per Day out of his Estate; and if such Bankrupt shall after such Demand as aforesaid not attend, or on such Attendance refuse to do any of the Mat* ters aforesaid, without sufficient Cause shown to the Commissioner for such Refusal, and by him allowed, the Assignees making Proof thereof upon Oath before the Commissioner, the said Commissioner may, by Warrant directed to such Person as he shall think proper, cause such Bankrupt to be apprehended and committed to such Prison as he shall think fit, there to remain until he shall conform to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner or of the Lord Chancellor.

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That in every Case the Assignees may, with the Consent of the Commissioner, testified by some Writing signed by him, appoint the Bankrupt himself to superintend the Management of the Estate, or to carry on the Trade for the Benefit of the Creditors, and in all respects or any other respect as they may think fit to aid them in administering the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects, in such Manner and on such Terms as they may think best for the Benefit of the Persons interested in the Estate.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Bankrupt shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment by any Creditor in coming to surrender, and after such Surrender, during the said Forty-two Days, and such further Time as shall be allowed him for finishing his Examination, provided he was not in Custody at the Time of such Surrender; and if such Bankrupt shall be arrested for Debt or on any Escape Warrant, in coming to surrender, or shall after his Surrender be so arrested within the Time aforesaid, he shall, upon producing the Summons under the Hand of the Commissioner to the Officer who shall arrest him, and giving such Officer a Copy thereof, be immediately discharged; and if any Officer shall detain such Bankrupt after he shall have shown such Summons to him so signed as aforesaid, such Officer shall forfeit to such Bankrupt for his own Use the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day he shall detain such Bankrupt, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record at Dublin in the Name of such Bankrupt, with fall Costs of Suit

CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner at the Time appointed for the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or any Enlargement or Adjournment thereof, to adjourn such Examination sine die, and he shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment for such Time, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, as the Commissioner shall, by Indorsement upon such Summons as aforesaid, appoint, with like Penalty upon any Officer detaining such Bankrupt after having been shown such Summons.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Bankrupt is in Prison or in Custody under any Process, Attachment, Execution, Commitment, or Sentence, the Commissioner may, by Warrant under his Hand, directed to the Person in whose Custody

A.D. 1836.

6* & 7P GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

Ill

such Bankrupt is confined, cause such Bankrupt to be brought before him at any Sitting, and if any such Bankrupt is desirous to surrender, he shall be so brought up, and the Expence thereof *shall be paid out of his Estate, and such Person shall be indemnified by the Warrant of the Commissioner for bringing up such Bankrupt; provided that the Assignees may appoint any Persons to attend such Bankrupt from Time to Time, and to produce to him his Books, Papers, and Writings, in order to prepare an Abstract of his Accounts and a Statement to show the Particulars </his Estate and Effects, previous to his final Examination and Discovery thereof; a Copy of which Abstract and Statement the said Bankrupt shall deliver to them Ten Days at least before his last Examination.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Person wilfully concealing any Real or Personal Estate of the Bankrupt, and who shall not within Forty-two Days after the issuing of the Commission discover such Estate to the Commissioner or Assignees, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds and Double the Value of the Estate so concealed; and any Person who shall after the Time allowed to the Bankrupt to surrender voluntarily discover to the Commissioner or Assignees any Part of such Bankrupt's Estate not before come to the Knowledge of the said Assignees shall be allowed Six per Centum thereupon, and such further Reward as the major Part in Value of the Creditors present at any Meeting caned for that Purpose shall think fit, to be paid out of the Estate recovered on such Discovery.

CXL. And be it enacted, That every Bankrupt who shall have duly surrendered and in all Things conformed himself to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts at the Time of issuing the Commission against him shall be discharged from all Debts due by him when he became bankrupt, and from all Claims and Demands hereby made proveable under the Commission, in case he shall obtain a Certificate of such Conformity so signed and allowed and subject to-such Provisions as herein-after directed; but no such Certificate shall release or discharge any Person who was Partner with such Bankrupt at the Time of his Bankruptcy, or who was then jointly bound or had made any joint Contract with such Bankrupt.

CXLI. And be it enacted, That such Certificate shall be signed by Four Fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors of the Bankrupt who shall have proved Debts under the Commission to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards, or after Six Calendar Months from the last Examination of the ^Bankrupt, then either

5r Three Fifths in Number and Value of such Creditors or by ine Tenths in Number of such Creditors, who shall thereby testify their Consent to the said Bankrupt's Discharge as aforesaid; and no such Certificate shall be such Discharge unless the Commissioner shall, in Writing under his Hand and Seal, certify to the Lord Chancellor that such Bankrupt has made a full Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and in all Things conformed as aforesaid, and that there does not appear any Reason to doubt the Truth or Fulness of such Discovery, and also that the Creditors have signed in manner hereby directed, and unless the Bankrupt make Oath in Writing that such Certificate and Consent were obtained without

Fraud,

Assignees may appoint Persons to attend Bankrupt in Prison.

Penalty on Persona concealing Bankrupt's Effects.

Allowance to Persons making Discovery thereof.

Bankrupt discharged by Certificate of Conformity.

Partner not discharged.

Certificate to be signed by Four Fifths in Number and Value of Creditors above 201 ,; after Six Months by Three Fifths in Number and Value, or Nine Tenths in Number.

Allowance of by the Lord Chancellor.

C.H.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Proof of Signature of Creditors.

Contracts and Securities to induce Creditors to sign void.

Bankrupt having obtained his Certificate free from Arrest.

Certificate Evidence of Proceedings. Bankrupt taken in Execution may be discharged.

Where Bankrupt has been bankrupt before, See, his future Effects liable.

Fraud, and unless such Certificate shall after such Oath be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, against which Allowance any of the Creditors of the Bankrupt may be heard before the Lord Chancellor.

CXLII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner shall not sign any Certificate unless he shall have Proof, by Affidavit in Writing, of the Signature of the Creditors thereto, or of any Person thereto authorized by any Creditor, and of the Authority by which such Person shall have so signed the same; and if any Creditor reside Abroad the Authority of such Creditor shall be attested by a Notary Public, British Minister or Consul; and every such Affidavit, Authority, and Attestation shall be laid before the Lord Chancellor, with the Certificate, previous to the Allowance thereof.

CXLIII. And be it enacted, That any Contract or Security made or given by the Bankrupt or other Person unto or in Trust for any Creditor, or for securing the Payment of any Money due by such Bankrupt at his Bankruptcy, as a Consideration or with Intent to persuade such Creditor to consent to or sign such Certificate, shall be void, and the Money thereby secured or agreed to be paid shall not be recoverable; and the Party sued on such Contract or Security may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence.

CXLIV. And be it enacted, That any Bankrupt who shall, after his Certificate shall have been allowed, be arrested or have any Action brought against him for any Debt, Claim, or Demand hereby made proveable under the Commission against such Bankrupt, shall be discharged upon Common Bail, [and may plead in general that the Cause of Action accrued before he became bankrupt, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and such Bankrupt's Certificate and the Allowance thereof shall be sufficient Evidence of the Trading, Bankruptcy, Commission, and other Proceedings precedent to the obtaining such Certificate; and if any such Bankrupt shall be taken in Execution or detained in Prison for such Debt, Claim, or Demand, where Judgment has been obtained before the Allowance of his Certificate, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court wherein Judgment has been so obtained, on such Bankrupt's producing his Certificate, to order any Officer who shall have such Bankrupt in Custody by virtue of such Execution to discharge such Bankrupt without exacting any Fee, and such Officer shall be hereby indemnified for so doing.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall have been so discharged by such Certificate as aforesaid, or who shall have compounded with his Creditors, or who shall have been discharged by any Insolvent Act, shall be or become bankrupt, and have obtained or shall hereafter obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, unless his Estate shall produce (after all Charges) sufficient to pay every Creditor under the Commission Fifteen Shillings in the Pound, such Certificate shall only protect his Person from Arrest and Imprisonment, but his future Estate and Effects (except the Tools of Trade and necessary Household Furniture, and the Wearing Apparel of himself, his Wife and Children,) shall vest in the Assignees under the said Commission, who shall be entitled to seize the same in like Manner as they might have seized Property of which such Bankrupt was possessed at the issuing of the Commission.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

113

CXLVI. And be it enacted, That every Bankrupt who shall have obtained his Certificate, if the net Produce of his Estate shall pav the Creditors who have proved under the Commission Ten Shillings in the Pound, shall be allowed Five per Cent* out of such Produce, to be paid him by the Assignees, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Four hundred Pounds; and every such Bankrupt, if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Twelve Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent., provided such Allowance shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds; and every such Bankrupt, if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Fifteen Shillings in the Pound or upwards, shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid Ten Pounds per Cent, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Six hundred Pounds; but if such Produce shall not pay such Creditors Ten Shillings in the Pound such Bankrupt shall only be allowed and paid so much as the Assignees and Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding Three Pounds per Cent and Three hundred Pounds.

CXLVII. 'And be it enacted, That in all joint Commissions under which any Partner shall have obtained his Certificate, if a sufficient Dividend shall have been paid upon the joint Estate and upon the separate Estate of such Partner, he shall be entitled to his Allowance, although his other Partner or Partners may not be entitled to any Allowance.

CXLVIII. And be it enacted, That no Bankrupt shall be entitled to his Certificate or to be paid any such Allowance, and that any Certificate if obtained shall be void, if such Bankrupt shall have lost by any Sort of gaming or wagering in any One Day Twenty Pounds, or within One Year next preceding his Bankruptcy Two hundred Pounds, or if he shall within One Year next preceding his Bankruptcy have lost Two hundred Pounds by any Contract for the Purchase or Sale of any Government or other Stock, where such Contract was not to be performed within One Week after the Contract, or where the Stock bought or sold was not actually transferred or delivered in pursuance of such Contract, or shall, after an Act of Bankruptcy committed, or in contemplation of Bankruptcy, have destroyed, altered, mutilated, or falsified, or caused to be destroyed, altered, mutilated, or falsified, any of his Books, Papers, Writings, or Securities, or made or been privy to the making of any false or fraudulent Entries in any Book of Account or other Document, with Intent to defraud his Creditors, or shall have concealed Property to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, or if any Person having proved a false Debt under the Commission, such Bankrupt, being privy thereto or afterwards knowing the same, shall not have disclosed the same to his Assignees within One Month after such Knowledge.

CXLIX. And be it enacted, That no Bankrupt after his Certificate shall have been allowed under any Commission shall be liable to pay or satisfy any Debt, Claim, or Demand from which he shall have been discharged by virtue of such Certificate, or any Part of such Debt, Claim, or Demand, upon any Contract, Promise, or Agreement made or to be made after the suing out of the Commission, unless such Promise, Contract, or Agreement be made in 6 & 7 Gul. IV. I Writing,

Allowance to Bankrupt in proportion to DividencL

One Partner may receive Allowance though others not entitled.

Bankrupt not entitled to Certificate or Allowance; and Certificate void in certain Cases.

Bankrupt not liable upon Promise to pay Debt discharged by Certificate unless it be in Writing.

114

C. 14.

6° & V GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

Assignees shall, in case of Surplus, account, and pay it to Bankrupt; but in such Case all Debts to carry Interest.

Nine Tenths in Number and Value of Creditors may accept a Composition which shall bind the rest-

Mode of voting in deciding upon such Composition.

Writing, signed by the Bankrupt, or by some Person thereto lawfully authorized in Writing by such Bankrupt.

CL. And be it enacted, That the Assignees shall, upon Request made to them by the Bankrupt, declare to him how (they have disposed of his Real and Personal Estate, and pay the Surplus, if any, to such Bankrupt, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and every such Bankrupt, after the Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall have been paid, shall be entitled to recover the Remainder of the Debts due to him; but such Surplus shall not be paid until all Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall have received Interest on the Debts, to be calculated and paid at the Rate and in the Order following; (that is to say,) all Creditors whose Debts are now by Law entitled to carry Interest, in the Event of a Surplus, shall first receive Interest on such Debts at the Rate of Interest reserved or by Law payable thereon, to be calculated from the Date of the Commission, and after such Interest shall have been paid all other Creditors who have proved under the Commission shall receive Interest on their Debts, from the Date of the Commission, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum.

CLI. And be it enacted, That, at any Meeting of Creditors after the Bankrupt shall have passed his last Examination, (whereof and of the Purport of which Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette,) if the Bankrupt or his Friends shall make an Offer of Composition or Security for such Composition which Nine Tenths in Number and Value of the Creditors assembled at such Meeting shall agree to accept, another Meeting for the Purpose of deciding upon such Offer shall be appointed, whereof such Notice as aforesaid shall be given; and if at such Second Meeting Nine Tenths in Number and Value of the Creditors then present shall also agree to accept such Offer the Lord Chancellor shall and may, upon such Acceptance being testified by them in Writing, supersede the said Commission, and the remaining One Tenth in Number and Value of the said Creditors shall be bound to accept of such Composition so> agreed to.

CLII. And be it enacted, That in deciding upon such Offer as aforesaid any Creditor whose Debt is below Twenty Pounds shall not be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value; and that any Creditor to the Amount of Fifty Pounds and upwards residing out of Ireland shall be personally served with a Copy of the Notice of the Meeting to decide upon such Offer as aforesaid, and of the Purpose for which the same is called, so long before such Meeting as that he may have Time to vote thereat; and such Creditor shall be entitled to vote by Letter of Attorney executed and attested in manner hereby required for such Creditors voting in the Choice of Assignees; and if any Creditor shall agree to accept any Gratuity or higher Composition for assenting to such Offer he shall forfeit the Debt due to him, together with such Gratuity or Composition; and the Bankrupt shall (if thereto required) make Oath before the Commissioner that there has been no such Transaction between him or any Person, with his Privity, and any of the

Creditors,

A.D. 1836.

0° & GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

1151

Creditors, and that he has not used any undue Means or Influence with any of them to attain such Assent as aforesaid.

CLUJ. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from the Agents or Clerks to Commissions of Bankrupts being considered as Officers belonging to the Assignees appointed under sack Commissions, and not subject to the Control or Direction of the Commissioners named in such Commissions, and they have frequently refused to produce the Proceedings under such Commissions to the Commissioners, and in many Instances have refused to obey their Orders; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall act as Agent or Clerk to or who shall take out any Commission of Bankruptcy shall be subject to the Control and Directions of the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall before he shall act or be capable of acting as such Agent or Clerk take the Oath following:

I A.B. do swear. That during such Time as I shall be employed 1 as Agent or Clerk to the Commission, or in anywise concerning the Proceedings in a Commission of Bankrupt issued and awarded and now in prosecution against I will faithfully and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, write, take down, and transcribe all such Depositions and Evidences, as well of the said Bankrupt as of all others who shall be sworn and examined by or before the Commissioner under and by virtue of the said Commission, as I shall by the said Commissioner in the said Commission named be directed to write, take down, or transcribe; and also that I will in like Manner during such Time safely and faithfully preserve and keep from all Kind of Defalcation and Embezzlement all such Depositions, Evidences, and Proceedings while the same shall be by the said Commissioner committed to my Care; and that I will not knowingly suppress or conceal the Truth, or suggest or practise any Falsehood, in respect to any Matter or Thing relating to the said Commission or to the Proceedings thereunder; and that I will, when required by such Commissioner, deliver up to him, or to such Person as he shall appoint, the several Depositions and the Proceedings and Documents in my Custody or Power relating to the said Commission. So help me GOD.' CLIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons acting as Messenger or Messengers, and who shall issue any Commission of Bankruptcy, or when issued out shall act as Agent in such Commission, shall from such Time be considered incapable for ever after of holding the Office of Messenger in any Commission of Bankrupt; and every Messenger shall, before the Commissioner executes his Warrant of Seizure to him, take before the Commissioner the following Oath; (that is to say,)

4 T AB. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Orders which I shall receive from the Commissioner in the Commission of Bankrupt awarded and issued against C.D .; 1 and that I will not knowingly suppress or conceal the Truth, or suggest or practise any Falsehood, in respect to any Matter or Thing relating to the said Commission or any of the Proceedings

12 4 there-

Agents to Commissions to be under Control of Commissioner, and to take Oath.

Form of Oath of Agent.

Messengers not allowed to act as Agents:

to take an Oath.

Oath of Messenger.

C. 14.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

11q

Commissioner may take Evidence viv& voce or on Affidavit.

As to concerted Bankruptcies.

Penalty on any Person taking Fees.

Commissioner may commit Person interrupting Courts, &c.

Offences against this Act.

Construction of the Act.

thereunder; and that I will not by myself, or any other Person

in Trust for me, have any Interest, Employment, or Concern in the said Commission in any other Capacity whatsoever except

that of Messenger. So help me GOD. '

CLV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall in all Matters within his Jurisdiction have Power to take the Whole or any Part of the Evidence, either vivd voce on Oath, or upon Affidavits to be sworn before the said Commissioner or a Master Ordinary or Extraordinary in Chancery, as the said Commissioner may in any Case direct, or as the Lord Chancellor may from Time to Time prescribe by any general Rule to be made by virtue of this Act.

CLVI. And be it enacted, That from and after this Act shall take effect no Commission of Bankrupt shall be superseded by reason only that the Commission has been concerted by and between the Petitioning Creditor, his Solicitor or Agent, or any of them, and the Bankrupt, his Solicitor or Agent, or any of them, save and except where any Petition to supersede a Commission for any such Cause shall have been presented before this Act shall come into operation, and shall be then pending.

CLVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person employed for any of the Purposes of this Act shall for any thing done or pretended to be done under this Act or any other Act relating to Bankrupts, or under colour of doing any thing under this Act or any other such Acts, fraudulently or wilfully demand or take, or appoint or allow any Person whatsoever to take for him or on his Account, or for or on account of any Person by him named, or in Trust for him or for any other Person by him named, any Fee, Emolument, Gratuity, Sum of Money, or any Thing of Value whatsoever, other than is allowed by this Act and any other such Act as aforesaid, or by any Order of the Lord Chancellor acting under the Authority of this Act or any other such Act as aforesaid, such Person when duly convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable and is hereby rendered incapable of holding any Office or Place whatsoever under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

CLVIII. And be it enacted, That any Commissioner appointed under this Act shall have full Power and he is hereby authorized to commit to Custody in any Prison or Bridewell for any Term not exceeding One Month any Person who shall be guilty of any Riot or Disturbance in any Court held by such Commission, or who shall in such Court interrupt the said Commissioner in the Exercise of his Duty.

CLIX. And be it enacted, That any such Offender may be prosecuted either by Information at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, or by Criminal Information before His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by Indictment: Provided always nevertheless, that if any Person so employed as aforesaid shall commit any Offence against this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to dismiss the Person so offending from his Employment, upon Proof made before him of such Offence havings been committed.

CLX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed beneficially for Creditors; and that nothing herein contained shall

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 14, 15. 117

alter the present Practice in Bankruptcy, except where any such Alteration is expressly declared; and that it shall extend to Aliens,

Denizens, and Women, both to make them subject thereto and to entitle them to all the Benefits given thereby; and that all Powers hereby given to or Duties directed to be performed by the Lord Chancellor shall and may be exercised or performed by a Lord Keeper or by Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; and all Powers given to or Duties directed to be performed by the Assignees may be exercised and shall be performed by the major Part of them, or by One Assignee where only One shall have been appointed or chosen.

CLXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commencement take effect from and after the First Day of July One thousand of Act-eight hundred and thirty-six; and that it shall not extend either Limiting its to England or Scotland, except where the same are expressly Extent mentioned.

CLXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed, Act may be altered, or amended during this present Session of Parliament altered.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, in order to enable certain Seamen belonging to Shetland or Orkney to pay certain Sums of Money, payable under that Act to the Seamen's Fund, at Lerwick in Shetland or Kirkwall in Orkney.

[7th June 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years 4 7? of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 5fi. 4 amend an Act of tke Twentieth Year of His Majesty King George tke Second, for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned in the Merchant Service, and for other Purposes: And whereas the said recited Act enacts that all and every the Masters, Commanders, or Owners of all Merchant Ships or other Private Ships or Vessels whatsoever, by the said Act made liable to the Payment of the said Duties of Two 4 Shillings per Month and One Shilling per Month, shall pay all such Monies as shall from Time to Time be due from them and every of them respectively for or on account of the said Duties to 1 the Collectors or Receivers appointed in pursuance of the said Actor of an Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, at whatever Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland any such Ship or Vessel should report or discharge her Cargo: And whereas it is usual and customary for Ships or Vessels belonging to and discharging their Cargoes at many of the Ports in the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to leave their respective Ports of Outfit without engaging the whole Number of Seamen and other Persons necessary to be employed for the Completion of their respective Voyages, and for the Masters, Commanders, or Owners of the said Ships or Vessels to fill up and complete their Crews by hiring and taking on board Seamen and other Persons for the

A

118

C. 15.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Deductions, authorized by recited Act, out of the 'Wages of Seamen of the Ports of Lerwick and Kirkwall, to be paid to Collectors at those Ports *

4 Service of the said Ships or Vessels at the Port of Lerwick in ' Shetland, or at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, in the ' said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the said last-mentioned Seamen and other Persons to be relanded and discharged at the said Port of Lerwick and its Dependencies,

or at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, where they had been hired and taken on board, when the said Ships or Vessels shall be on their Return to their respective Ports of Outfit: And whereas it is expedient that the Monies required by the said recited Act to be deducted and detained out of the Wages, Shares, or other Profits payable or accruing to such Seamen and other Persons so hired and taken on board and relanded and discharged at the said Port of Lerwick in Shetland,

4 (or at the said Port of Kirkwall in Orkney,) should be paid to the Collectors or Receivers or Trustees appointed at the said Port of Lerwick in Shetland, or at the said Port of Kirkwall in Orkney, as the Case may be, and not to the Collectors or Receivers or Trustees at the Port where the said Ships or Vessels shall report or discharge their Cargoes Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven all Monies deducted and detained, in pursuance of the said recited Act, out of the Wages, Shares, or other Profits payable or accruing to such Seamen and other Persons as shall be hired and taken on board at the Port of Lerwick and its Dependencies, or at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, and again relanded and discharged at the same, shall be paid, and the Masters, Commanders, or Owners of all Merchant or other Ships by the said recited Act made liable to the said Duties of Two Shillings per Month and One Shilling per Month are hereby required to pay all such Money so deducted and detained out of the Wages, Shares, or other Profits payable or accruing to such Seamen and other Persons as shall be hired and taken on board at the Port of Lerwick in Shetland, or at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, and again relanded and discharged at the same, to the Collectors or Receivers or Trustees appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, at whichever of the said Ports of Lerwick or Kirkwall the said Seamen or other Persons shall have been so hired and taken on board, and again relanded and discharged as aforesaid; and if any Master, Commander, or Owner shall not pay over the said Duties as hereby directed, he shall be liable, and the Ship or Vessel of which he is the Master, Commander, or Owner shall be liable, to all the Penalties and Liabilities to which he or it is respectively liable by the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty if he neglect to pay over the said Duties according to the Provisions of the said recited Act: Provided always, that every such Master, Commander, or Owner, having paid such Monies or Duties so by this Act directed and required to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be required to make any Payment on account of such Monies or Duties at any Port at

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 15. 119

which the said Ship or Vessel shall report or discharge its Cargo, nor shall the Master, Commander, dr Owner be exposed to any Penalties, nor the said Ship or Vessel be in any way delayed or impeded by the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, nor by any other Person, on account of such Nonpayment at any other Port than as aforesaid; provided such Master, Commander, or Owner produces before the Collector or Receiver for the Port at which such Ship or Vessel shall report or discharge her Cargo a Certificate of the Payment herein-before mentioned, signed by the Collector or Receiver of the Port of Lerwick in Shetland, or of the Port of Kirkwall in Orkney and its Dependencies, as the Case may be.

II. And be it farther enacted, That every Master, Commander, or Owner of any such Merchant Ship or other Vessel who shall keep a Muster Roll as required to be kept by the said recited Act shall make Abstracts from the said Muster Roll, in one of which he shall insert the Christian and Surnames of all Seamen and other Persons taken on board and intended to be relanded and discharged at the Port of Lerwick and its Dependencies, and in the other of which he shall make a similar Entry of all Seamen and other Persons taken on board and intended to be relanded and discharged at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, and that the said Abstracts shall respectively contain all the Particulars respecting the said Seamen and other Persons which are required to be contained in the said Muster Roll by the said recited Act; and that a Duplicate of the said Abstract of Lerwick Seamen shall, if required, be signed by the said Master, Commander, or other Person having the Care of the said Ship or Vessel, and shall be delivered to the Collectors or Receivers of the said Duties so appointed as aforesaid at Lerwick in Shetland; and that a similar Duplicate of the said Abstract of Kirkwall Seamen shall, if requked, be signed as aforesaid, and be delivered to the Collectors and Receivers appointed as aforesaid at Kirkwall in Orkney: Provided always, that such Collector or Receiver at Lerwick or Kirkwall, as the Case may be, shall forthwith, on the Receipt of such Monies or Duties and of the said Duplicate, if required as aforesaid from such Master, Commander, or other Person having the Care of the said Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, grant a Certificate to such Master, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, stating that such Monies or Duties have been duly paid according to the Provisions of this Act; and in case any such Master, Commander, or other Person shall neglect to make such Abstract, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Duplicate as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Refusal or Omission the Sum of Five Pounds of the lawful Money of Great Britain,

III. And whereas it sometimes occurs that such Seamen and ' other Persons so taken on board, and intended to be relanded

and discharged at the aforesaid Ports of Lerwick or Kirkwall, 4 are prevented by Weather or otherwise from being relanded at the said Ports where they had been so hired and taken on board ' as aforesaid, and are carried forward to some other Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas A it is expedient that they should not on that Account lose the

I Benefits

Masters of Merchant Ships to make Abstracts from their Muster Rolls of Names, Stc. of Seamen belonging to Lerwick and Kirkwall, and give a Duplicate thereof to the Collectors at the said Porta.

As to Payment of said Deductions when Seamen cannot be landed at Lerwick or Kirkwall.

120

C. 15, 16.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 18S6.

Such Seamen entitled to all the Privileges of recited Act *

Hus Act to be deemed Part of recited Act.

&4W. 4. C. 73.

Benefits intended to be conferred upon them by this Act; be it therefore enacted, That in case any such Seamen or other Persons so taken on board and intended to be relanded and discharged at the said Ports of Lerwick or Kirkwall shall, by Stress of Weather or otherwise, be carried forward to any other Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Vessel shall in such Case pay over such Duties so detained out of the Wages or other Profits of such Seamen and other Persons so taken on board as aforesaid at Lerwick or Kirkwall to the Collectors or Receivers of the Port where the said Ship or Vessel shall report or discharge her Cargo: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Collect tors, Receivers, or Trustees appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of an Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, at Lerwick or Kirkwall respectively, to demand from the Collectors, Receivers, or Trustees appointed at any such Port of Discharge each and every such Sum of Money so deducted from the Wages of the aforesaid Seamen and other Persons, and paid over as hereby directed; and the Collectors, Receivers, or Trustees at all such Ports of Discharge are hereby required to pay over, on Demand, all such Monies, to the Collectors, Receivers, or Trustees at Lerwick or Kirkwall, as the Case may be.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Seamen and other Persons so taken on board and relanded and discharged, or intended to be relanded and discharged as aforesaid, at the Port of Lerwick and its Dependencies, or at the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, shall be entitled to all the Profits and Advantages of the said recited Act as fully and completely as if they should have served during the same Number of Months in a Merchant Ship or other Private Ship or Vessel belonging to the Port of Lerwick and its Dependencies, or to the Port of Kirkwall and its Dependencies, as the Case may be, and discharging her Cargo at the same.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said recited Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been incorporated therewith-

CAP. XVI.

An Act to revive and continue in force until the First Day ot August One thousand eight hundred and forty an Act of the Legislature of Jamaica, to explain and amend an Act for the Abolition of Slavery in that Island, and in aid of the same.

[7th June 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies; for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves; and for compensating the Persons hitherto entitled to the Services of such Slaves; after reciting that it was necessary that various Rules and Regulations should be framed and established for certain Purposes therein particularly enumerated, and further reciting that such Regulations could not, without great Inconvenience, be made, except

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 16. 121

by the respective Govrenore, Councils, and Assemblies, or other local Legislatures of the said respective Colonies, or by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, in reference to 1 those Colonies to which the legislative Authority of His Majesty ' in Council extends, it is enacted and declared, that nothing in the said Act contained extends or shall be construed to extend to prevent the Enactment by the respective Governors, Councils,

and Assemblies, or by such other local Legislatures as aforesaid,

or by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, of any such Acts of General Assembly, or Ordinances or Orders in Council, as may be requisite for making and establishing such several Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, or any of them,

1 or for carrying the same, or any of them, into full and complete Effect: And whereas on the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three an Act was passed by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica,

1 intituled An Act for the Abolition of Slavery in this Island, in consideration of Compensation; and for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves; and to declare the Fifty-second Year of George the Third, Chapter One hundred and fifty-five, in 4force in this Island: And whereas by the said Act Provision was made for giving effect within the said Island to the said Act of Parliament by certain further and supplementary Enactments: And whereas the said Act of General Assembly was made to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty: And whereas on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island passed another Act, intituled An Act to repeal Part of an Act of the Fourth Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-one, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Slavery in this Island, in consideration of Compensation; and for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves; and to declare the Fifty-second of George the Third, Chapter One hundred and fifty-five, in force in this Island; and to explain and amend and in aid of the said Act: And whereas by the said last-recited Act the said Act of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three was explained and amended, and various additional Enactments were made supplementary to the said Act of Parliament: And whereas the said Act of General Assembly of the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirtyfour was made to continue in force until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and no longer: And whereas the said last-recited Act expired on the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and hath not been since revived: And whereas certain of the Enactments contained in the said Act of General Assembly of the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four are necessary to give full Effect in the said Island of Jamaica to the said Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and rjith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Governor,

Council,

Recited Act of the Governor,

122

C. 16, 17.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Council, and Assembly of Jamaica of 4th July 1834 revived, and continued until 1st August 184a

His Majesty may erect Two

Council, and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica of the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and all the Clauses and Provisions therein contained (save only the Provision which limits the Duration thereof) , shall be and the same is and are hereby revived, and that the same and each and every of them shall, by force and virtue of this present Act, be find continue in force in the said Island of Jamaica until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, unless before that Time some Act or Acts, to be continued in force till the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, shall have been passed by the Council and Assembly of the said Island in substitution for this present Act, and shall have been assented to by the Government or Officer administering the Government of the said Island; and when and so soon as any such substituted Act or Acts shall take effect in the said Island this Act shall cease and determine.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in certain of His Majesty's West India Colonies.

[7th June 1836.]

WHEREAS certain Acts or Statutes have heretofore been passed and enacted by the Legislative Councils and General Assemblies of His Majesty's Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, Grenada, Tobago, Antigua, Montserrat, Saint Christopher, Nevis, Dominica, and the Virgin Islands in the West Indies, for erecting therein certain Superior Courts of Justice; and by such Acts of Assembly, or some of them, the said Courts are invested with an exclusive Jurisdiction over all Persons within the said Islands respectively, and in all Causes, Civil and Criminal, arising within the same; and such Acts having been assented to, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, by the Governors, or by the Officers administering the Governments of the said Islands, were subsequently allowed and confirmed by His Majesty's said Royal Predecessors, with the Advice of their Privy Council: And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice throughout the several Islands aforesaid, and for that Purpose to erect Two Courts of Judicature within the same, and to commit to such Courts a superior and exclusive Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction, to be exercised by them throughout several of such Islands constituting distinct and separate Governments, and possessing distinct and separate General Assemblies: And whereas, by reason of such Acts of Assembly as aforesaid, and by reason of the Separation of the Governments of the said several Islands, and of the General Assemblies thereof, such Courts of Judicature cannot be erected without having recourse to the Assistance and Authority of Parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, and He is hereby authorized, by Charters or Letters

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1T.

123

Patent under the Great Seal of this United Kingdom, to erect, constitute, and establish Two such Superior Courts of Judicature, having such exclusive Jurisdiction as herein-after mentioned, within His Majesty's Islands aforesaid in the West Indies; and which Charters or Letters Patent shall be promulgated in the several Islands aforesaid, by Proclamations to be therein respectively made in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, by the respective Governors or Officers administering the Government thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purposes of this present Act His Majesty's said Islands or Governments of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, Grenada, Tobago, Antigua, Montserrat, Saint Christopher, Nevis, Dominica, and the Virgin Islands shall be divided into Two separate and distinct Judicial Districts; one of which Districts shall comprise the said Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and Tobago, with their several Dependencies, and the other of which Districts shall comprise the said Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, Saint Christopher, Nevis, Dominica, and the Virgin Islands, with their several Dependencies.

III. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by such Charters and Letters Patent as aforesaid, to erect and establish within the said first-mentioned District One Superior Court of Judicature, which shall be styled " The Supreme Court of His Majesty's Windward Caribbee Islands and to erect and establish within the said last-mentioned District One other Superior Court of Judicature, which shall be styled " The Supreme Court of His Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands' '

IV. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Courts shall consist of and be holden in each of the said respective Islands or Governments by a Chief Justice and a Senior Puisne Justice, and by a resident Pnine Justice; which said Chief Justices and Senior Puisne Justices shall act in and dor mob and all of the Islands and Governments comprised in their respective Districts; but which said resident Puisne Justices shall severally act in and for the several and respective Islands or Governments within vhich they shall be respectively resident, and in no other Parts of the said respective Districts.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justices and Senior Puisne Justices shall be respectively Barristers at Law in His Majesty's Courts of Chancery, Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin, or Advocates in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall have been admitted as such, the said Chief Justices for Seven Years at the least and the said Senior Puisne Justices for Five Years at the least previously to such their Appointments; and that the said resident Puisne Justices shall at the Time of such their Appointments be either such English or Irish Barristers or such Advocates in Scotland as aforesaid of not less than Five Years standing, or shall at the Time of such their Appointments have been admitted for at least the Term of Five Years to practise at the Bar in some or one of His Majesty's Colonial Possessions, or shall have acted as Judges of some or one of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of some or one of such Colonial Possessions; and the said Justices of the said

Supreme

Superior Courts in the West India Island*.

The Islands to

be divided into Two Judicial Districts.

His Majesty may erect a Superior Court in each of such Districts.

Of what Judges the Courts are to be composed.

Qualifications of the Judges.

Judges how appointed, and

J

i

C. 17.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

how to hold their Offices.

Provisional Appointment of Judges.

The Jurisdiction of the Courts.

Courts to be holden Twice a Year.

Supreme Courts shall from Time to Time be appointed to such their Offices by His Majesty by Warrants under His Signet and Sign Manual, and shall hold such their Offices during His Majesty's Pleasure, and the ministerial and other Officers of the said Court respectively shall be appointed to and removed from their respective Offices in such Manner as His Majesty shall by such Charters or Letters Patent as aforesaid direct.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of any of the said Justices, or in case of any such Sickness or Infirmity as shall render any such Justice incapable of performing the Duties of his Office, or in case of the Absence of any such Justice from the District to which the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court to which he may belong shall extend, it shall be lawful for the Governor or the Officer administering the Government of Barbadoes within the District of the said Supreme Court of His Majesty's Windward Caribbee Islands, and for the Governor or the Officer administering the Government of Antigua within the District of the Supreme Court of His Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands, respectively to appoint some fit and proper Person to act in the Place and Stead of any Justice so dying, resigning, becoming incapable, or being absent, until a Successor shall be appointed by His Majesty, or until any such Justice shall return to the Execution of his Office; and in the meantime, until a Successor shall be so appointed, or until such Justice shall return as aforesaid, and shall enter upon or resume the Discharge of his Office in the said Courts respectively, the Person so to be appointed by such Governor or Officer administering the Government shall have and exercise all the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities hereby or by the said Charters or Letters Patent granted to or vested in the Justices of the said Courts respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Courts respectively shall be Courts of Record, and shall within the said Islands or Governments comprised within their Jurisdiction respectively, and within all and every the Islands and Territories which now are or hereafter may be dependent upon the respective Governments thereof, have cognizance of all Pleas, Civil or Criminal, and Jurisdiction in all Cases whatsoever, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster, or either of them, lawfully have or exercise, and the said Courts respectively shall also at all Times be Courts of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery in and for the said Islands and Territories and the Dependencies thereof respectively; and the said Justices so to be appointed shall have and exercise such and the same Jurisdiction and Authority in the said Islands and Territories and the Dependencies thereof respectively as the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in England, or any of them, lawfully have and exercise, and as shall be necessary for carrying into effect the several Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities committed to the said Courts respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Court of His Majesty's Windward Caribbee Islands shall be holden Twice at the least in each Year in the Islands of Barbadoes,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 17.

125

Saint Vincent, Grenada, and Tobago respectively; and that the said Supreme Court of His Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands shall be holden Twice at the least in each Year in the Islands of Antigua, Montserrat, Saint Christophers, Nevis, Dominica, and Tortola respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Exercise of the legal Jurisdiction vested in the said Supreme Courts Two Terms at the least thereof respectively shall be holden in each Year within each of the several Islands aforesaid, and that in all Sittings of the said Supreme Courts in Banco the Judgments, Orders, and Acts of the Majority of the said Justices shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgments, Orders, and Acts of the said Supreme Courts, and shall have Force and Validity and be executed accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That in any Actions at Law to be brought in the said Supreme Court of His Majesty's Windward Caribbee Islands and of His Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands respectively, when the Parties, Plaintiff and Defendant, in any such Action shall join Issue on any Matter of Fact, the Trial of such Issue or Issues shall and may be by One or more of the Justices of the said Courts respectively, and by a Jury of Twelve Men, according to the Course of the Common Law of England; and that on the Trial of any Person or Persons upon any Indictment or Information before the said Courts, or either of them, such Trial shall and may be had by any One or more Justice or Justices of the said Courts, and a Jury of Twelve Men, according to the Course of the Law of England

XI. And be it further enacted, That in each of the Islands or Governments aforesaid the resident Puisne Justice of the said Supreme Courts shall, within the Islands or Governments respectively in which they shall be so resident, and the Dependencies thereof, have and exercise all such Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction as by the Law of England are or is vested in or can be exercised by any single Justice of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, or by any single Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, sitting apart from the other Judges of the same Courts, and more especially all Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction which may be exercised by any One of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench at WesU minster for taking and justifying Special Bail in Causes depending in the same Court; and it shall and may be lawful for such resident Puisne Justice in the Interval between any Two successive Terms of the said Supreme Courts to hold One or more Special Sittings thereof for the Purpose of entering Actions, or of confessing Judgments, or of making any such Rules or Orders of Coart as may be necessary for making up the Records of the said Court, until Issue shall be thereupon joined upon any Matter of Law or of Fact, which Issues shall nevertheless be adjudged or tried daring such Terms as aforesaid, and not at any other Time; and all Roles, Orders, and Judgments so to be made or entered up at any such Special Sitting as aforesaid shall be taken to be as of the Term immediately preceding or of the Term immediately succeeding the Date thereof, as such resident Puisne Justice shall in each Case direct.

XII. An

Two Terms to be annually held in each Island.

Actions to be tried by a single Judge with a Jury of Twelve Men.

Resident Puisne Judge may do all Acts which a single Judge may do in England.

C. 17.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Appeal to the King in Coonc3 upon Error in Lair.

Jurisdiction in Cases of Offences committed on the Sea.

Courts to hare an Equitable Jurisdiction.

Chief Justice empowered to hear Equity Causes; and, in his Absence, the Puisne Justice.

Equitable Jurisdiction of the resident Judge during the Non-aession of the Court.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That for reversing any Judgment of the said Supreme Courts, or either of them, for any* Error of Law, it shall be lawful for the Parties, either Plaintiff or Defendant, to appeal to His Majesty in Council upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions as His Majesty by such Charters or Letters Patent as aforesaid shall be pleased to direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Courts of His Majesty's Windward Caribbee Islands and of His Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Islands respectively shall and may inquire of, hear, and determine all Treasons, Piracies, Robberies, Murders, Conspiracies, and other Offences, of what Nature or Kind soever, committed or that shall be committed upon the Sea, or any Haven, River, Creek, or Place where the Admiral or Admirals have Authority, Power, or Jurisdiction, according to the common Course of the Laws of the Realm of England, and used for Offences committed upon the Land within the Realm of England, and not otherwise; and that All Persons convicted of the Offences so to be inquired of, heard, and determined in the said Courts respectively shall be subject and liable to and shall suffer all such and the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as by any Law or Laws now in force Persons convicted of the same respectively would be subject* and liable to in case the same were respectively inquired of, tried, heard, determined, and adjudged in England; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Court* respectively shall be Courts of Equity within the Limits of the Jurisdiction thereof, and shall have Power and Authority to administer Justice, and to do, exercise, and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things necessary for the due Execution of suck Equitable Jurisdiction as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain can or lawfully may do, exercise, or perform within the Realm of England.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Chief Justice for the Time being of each of the said Supreme Courts respectively shall have Power to hear and determine all Causes, Matters, and Things which shall be at any Time depending in the said Courts respectively as Courts of Equity; and that if any such Chief Justice shall, by Sickness or other unavoidable Cause, be prevented from sitting for the Purposes aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the Puisne Justice or the resident Puisne Justice of such Courts respectively to hear and determine such Causes, Matters, and Things; and that the Decrees, Orders, and Acts of the said Chief Justice, or in case of his being prevented as aforesaid, then of such Puisne Justice or resident Puisne Justice as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be respectively the Decrees, Orders, and Acts of the said' Supreme Court in such their Equitable Jurisdiction, and shall have Force and Validity to be executed accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during the Non-session of the said Supreme Courts respectively in any of the Islands or Governments aforesaid it shall be lawful for the resident Puisne Justice for such Island or Government to hear and determine all Applications which shall be made to the said Supreme Courts

respectively

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 17.

127

respectively as Courts of Equity for any Decree to which all the Parties, Plaintiff and Defendant, shall be consenting, or for any Interlocutory Order in any Cause there depending, which Orders shall nevertheless be subject to the Review of the full Court in such Manner, and upon, under, and subject to such Conditions, as His Majesty by such Letters Patent or Charters as aforesaid shall direct and appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Courts respectively shall have Power to grant Probates under the Seal of the said Courts of the last Wills and Testaments of all or any Inhabitants of the said Islands or Governments respectively, and of all other Persons who shall die and leave personal Effects irithin the same, and shall also have Power to grant Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels, Credits, and all other Effects whatsoever of the Persons aforesaid who shall die intestate, or who shall not have named an Executor resident within such Islands or Governments respectively, or where the Executor, being duly cited, shall not appear and sue forth such Probate, annexing the said Will to Letters of Administration when any such Persons shall have left a Will without naming any Executor who shall be then alive and resident within the Islands or Governments aforesaid, and who, being cited thereunto, shall not appear and sue forth a Probate thereof, and to sequester the Goods and Chattels, Credits and other Effects whatsoever of such Persons so dying, in Cases allowed by Law, as the same is and may now be used in the Diocese of London, and to demand, require, take, hear, examine, and allow, and, if Occasion require, to disallow or reject, the Accounts of such Executors or Administrators, in such Manner and Form as may be used in the said Diocese of London, and to do all other Things whatsoever necessary in that Behalf: Provided always, that in the Interval between any Two successive Terms of the said Supreme Courts it shall be lawful for such resident Puisne Justices as aforesaid in the Islands in which they shall be so respectively resident to do all and every the judicial Acts, and to exercise the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction aforesaid, in all Cases in which there shall be no Caveat entered or Opposition made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for either of the Parties, Plaintiff or Defendant, to appeal to His Majesty in Council against any Decree, Order, or Sentence made or pronounced by either of the said Supreme Courts in the Exercise of such Equitable or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction as aforesaid, in such Manner and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions as His Majesty by such Charters or Letters Patent as aforesaid shall please to direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Powers, or Authorities which now is or are vested in any Courts of General Quarter Sessions holden in and for the several Islands and Governments aforesaid, and their Dependencies, or to prevent the Erection by Law in any of the said Islands and Governments of Courts of General Quarter Sessions with Power and Authority to take cognizance of all Matters and Things cognizable in all Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in England, as far as the Circumstances and Condition of the

Governments

Courts to have

Ecclesiastical

Jurisdiction.

Appeal to King in Council respecting Equitable or Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

Courts of Quarter Sessions to be held.

C. 17.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

The Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace not to be infringed.

Jurisdiction of Courts for Recovery of small Debts.

This Act not to repeal existing Lavrsor Usages.

His Majesty may place Trinidad and Saint Lucia under Jurisdiction of Supreme Courts.

Governments of the said Islands respectively shall require or admit: Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts of Quarter Sessions, whether. established or to be established in the said respective Islands or Governments, the said resident Puisne Justice for such Island or Government shall in virtue of such his Office preside as. Chairman.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Powers, or Authorities which now is or are, by any Law in force within the said Islands or Governments, vested in any Justices of the Peace, whether acting separately or collectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Powers, or Authorities which now is or are, by any Law in force in the said Islands or Governments, vested in any Court or Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts or Demands not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling in Amount or Value, or to prevent the Establishment by Law therein of any such Court or Courts; provided that in all such Courts, whether established or to be established in the said respective Islands or Governments, the said resident Puisne Justice for such Island or Government shall in virtue of such his Office preside and act as Judge.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, annul, alter, or affect any Acts, Statutes, Laws, or lawful Customs or Usages in force within the said Islands or Governments, or any of them, or directly or indirectly to introduce or establish within such Islands or Governments, or any of them, any Acts, Statutes, Laws, or Customs not now in force within the same, or to alter the Rules of Practice or Methods of Proceeding in administering Justice within such Islands or any of them, save and except only so far as relates to the Courts in which and the Judges by whom Justice is administered within the said Islands and Governments; but that in all other respects the Acts, Statutes, Laws, and lawful Customs heretofore established and in force within the said Islands and Governments, and such Rules of Practice and Methods of Proceeding, shall continue to be in force and to be established within the same^as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this present Act had not been made, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas it may be expedient that the Islands of ' Trinidad and Saint Lucia should be comprised within the ' Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Courts or one of them, and that for that Purpose the Districts aforesaid or one of them ' should be enlarged; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if it shall appear to His Majesty in Council expedient, but not otherwise, by any Order or Orders to be by Him made with the Advice of His Privy Council, to include within the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Courts, or of either of them, the said Islands of Trinidad or Saint Lucia, or either of them, and for that Purpose to enlarge the said Districts or either of them,

6 and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 17, 18.

129

aod by any such Order or Orders in Council to make all such Regulations as to His Majesty in Council shall seem meet, for the Adaptation to the Laws in force in the said Islands respectively of the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Courts respectively or either of them.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall not come into operation, and shall not be binding or in force upon His Majesty's Subjects or other Persons residing and being within the said Islands and Governments, and that such Letters Patent or Charters as aforesaid shall not be made or issued, unless the Legislative CoubcOs and General Assemblies of the said several Islands or Governments shall, by some Acts of Assembly to be by them for that Purpose first made and enacted, have provided that all and every the Acts, Laws, Statutes, Customs, and Usages in force within the said Islands and Governments, in so far as the same might or could in anywise obstruct or interfere with the Operation within such Islands or Governments of this present Act, and of the said Charters or Letters Patent, shall be absolutely repealed or annulled, nor unless such Repeal shall be made to take effect immediately upon the Promulgation of such Charters or Letters Patent within the said Islands or Governments, nor unless such Acts of Assembly shall be assented to in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty by the Governors or the Officers administering the Government of the said Islands or Governments, and shall be confirmed and allowed by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council.

XXV. And for the Prevention of all Doubt whether the Conditions have or have not been complied with, and whether this Act hath or hath not come into operation; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by an Order to be by Him made with the Advice of His Privy Council, to declare that the before-mentioned Conditions have been complied with by the several Legislative Councils and General Assemblies of the said Islands or Governments; and when and so soon as any such Order in Council shall be published in the London Gazette, and such Letters latent or Charters as aforesaid shall in manner herein-before mentioned have been promulgated within the said Islands and Governments, and not before, this present Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing herein contained, shall come and be deemed and taken to have come into operation within the said Islands or Governments, and be binding upon all His Majesty's Subjects and other Persons residing and being within the same: Provided always, that such Order in Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks from its Date, if Parliament shall be then in Session, and if not, then within Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the

Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

[7th June 1836.]

68c7 Gul.IV. K CAP.

The Act not to take effect until Acts of Amenably shall have been passed repealing all existing Laws which could interfere with the Operation of it.

His Majesty to declare by Order in Council that the before-mentioned Condition has been complied with.

Order in Council to be laid before Parliament.

ISO

C. 19.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

The Palatine Jurisdiction of the Bishop of l)tirham to be separated from the Bishoprick and vested in the Crown.

County Court to cease.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham.

[21st June 1836.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the Bishop of Durham for the Time being shall have and exercise Episcopal and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction only; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act the Palatine Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority heretofore vested in and belonging to the Bishop of Durham shall be separated from the Bishoprick of Durham, and shall be transferred to and vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as a Franchise and Royalty separate from the Crown, and shall be exercised and enjoyed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors (as a separate Franchise and Royalty) , in as large and ample a Manner in all respects as the same has been heretofore exercised and enjoyed by the Bishop of Durham; and that all Forfeitures of Lands or Goods for Treason or otherwise, and all Mines of Gold and Silver, Treasure Trove, Deodands, Escheats, Fines, and Amerciaments, and all Jura Regalia of what Nature or Kind soever, which, if this Act had not passed, would or might belong to the Bishop of Durham for the Time being, in right of the County Palatine of Durham, shall be vested in and belong to His Majesty and His Successors in right of the same: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall prejudice or affect the Jurisdiction of any of the Courts of the said County Palatine, or any Appointment heretofore made to any Office in the said County Palatine, or any Act whatsoever heretofore done by the Bishop of Durham in right of the said County Palatine.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all the Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction of the Court called u The Court of the b County ofb Durham, M and of the Clerk of the Court of the County of Durham as Judge of the same Court or otherwise, shall cease and determine; subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to any Proceedings then depending in such Court, as to which the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Court and of the present Clerk of the said Court shall continue in full Force and Effect, notwithstanding the passing of this Act; and in case of the Death or Removal from Office of the present Clerk of the said Court whilst any such Proceedings as aforesaid shall be still depending therein, the Under Sheriff of the said County shall and may, for the Purpose of any such Proceedings, act as Judge of the said Court, and exercise the same Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction as the present Clerk of the said Court might have exercised if still living and continuing in Office: Provided always, that after the Commencement of this Act the Sheriff for the Time being of the said County Palatine shall and may have and exercise the same Power of holding a County Court, and the same Jurisdiction therein, as is usually had and exercised by Sheriffs of other Counties in England.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 19. 131

III. And be it farther enacted and declared, That after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for His Majesty and His Successors to appoint a Custoa Rotulorum of the said County of Durham, and from Time to Time to appoint to that Office on every future Vacancy thereof.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that due Provision shall be 1 made for the Compensation of any Person or Persons deprived ' of his or their Office or Offices in the County of Durbanfor the 1 Losses he or they may sustain by the Abolition of his or their 1 Office or Offices, or Reduction of his or their Fees, by virtue or in consequence of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be issued, paid, and payable, out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Person or the several Persons appointed before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six to any Office or Offices in the County of Durham which shall be abolished or affected by virtue of this Act, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, such Sums of Money, at such Times, by way of Annuity or otherwise, as, having regard to the Manner of his or their Appointment to such Office or Offices, and the Term and Duration thereof, and all the Circumstances of the Case, shall be adjudged and determined to be due to such Person or Persons respectively by any Commission to be appointed by His Majesty, or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of determining the Amount of the Compensation that ought to be due and payable in such Cases; and that in the meantime and until Compensation shall be awarded and determined in maimer aforesaid, or the Time shall have elapsed that may be appointed for claiming the same, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue their Warrants for the Payment to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, out of the said Consolidated Fund, of such half-yearly or quarterly Allowances as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable, both as to the Amount and Times of Payment, on account of such Compensation as may thereafter be awarded to the said Parties respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to receive any such Compensation or Allowance as aforesaid who shall not previously make a full and true Statement to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be verified on Oath before a Judge, or Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, if they shall think fit so to direct, of the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments of such Office, and of the Disbursements and Outgoings of the same, for the Space of Ten Years before the passing of this Act; and that such Compensation or Allowance shall cease altogether or be reduced m Amount, as the Case may be, whenever the Party entitled to receive the same shall be placed in any other public Office of which the Salary and Emoluments shall be equal to the Whole or to Part of such Compensation or Allowance, so that in the last-mentioned Case no Person shall be entitled to receive more of such Compensation or Allowance than shall be equal to the Difference between

Custos Rotulorum to be appointed.

Compensation to Persons affected by the Provisions of the Act.

Restrictions as to Compensations.

Reservation of Patent Fees to Patentees.

Extent of the Words "County of Durham."

[Commencement of Act.]

Reservation of Rights to the Bishoprick.

The Bishop to take and hold subject to future Provisions.

Restrictions on ecclesiastical

C. 19, 20. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

the full Amount thereof and the Amount of the Salary and Emoluments of the Office in which he may be hereafter placed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of any Person holding a Patent of any Office, whether abolished by this Act or not, to receive any Fee or Stipend granted by such Patent out of the Revenues of the Bishoprick of Durham; and that such Revenues shall continue and be subject to all the same Fees and Stipends in respect of any Office in the said County of Durham as the same have been heretofore subject to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Interpretation of the Clauses and Provisions herein-before contained the Words County of Durham" shall comprise and mean the County of Durham and Sadberge, including the detached Parts of CrctUutkire, Bedlingtonshire, Norhamshire, AUertomhire, and Island&hirc, and all other Places heretofore within the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Durham in right of the said County Palatine.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the foregoing Matters not otherwise provided for, commence and take effect upon and from the Fifth Day of July in this present Year, and shall, as to all the Matters herein-after provided for, commence and take effect from the passing thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall have the Effect of severing or separating from the said Bishoprick, or of affecting the Rights and Powers of the said Bishop in, over, or upon or with respect to any Lordships, Manors, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, Collieries, Mines, Minerals, Rectories, Advowsons, Profits, or Emoluments of any Kind or Description whatsoever, whether held in right of the said Bishoprick or in right of the said County Palatine or otherwise howsoever, other than and except only any Profits and Emoluments herein-before expressly mentioned and directed to be severed therefrom.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Bishop of Durham elect, or Bishop of Durham for the Time being, shall take and hold the said Bishoprick, and all the Property, Patronage, and Rights belonging thereto, except as herein-before provided, subject to and under any Provisions which shall be made by or under the Authority of Parliament with respect to the said Bishoprick within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act; any Law, Statute, or Canon to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons.

[21st June 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Provision as is herein-

after contained should [be made respecting the granting

of Ecclesiastical Leases:* Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing

of

A.D. 1890.

6<» & 70 GULIELMI IV.

133

c-v

of this Act no Archbishop or Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, or Prebendary, or other Spiritual Person, nor any Master or Guardian of any Hospital, shall grant any new Lease of any Houses Land, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his or their See, Chapter, Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, or Hospital, by way of Renewal of any Lease which shall have been previously granted of the same for Two or more Lives, until One or more of the Persons for whose Lives such Lease shall have been so made shall die, and then only for the surviving Lives or Life and for such new Life or Lives as, together with the Life or Lives of such Survivor or Survivors, shall make up the Number of Lives, not exceeding Three in the whole, for which such Lease shall have been so made as aforesaid; and thdt where any such Lease shall have been granted for Forty Years no such Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian shall grant any new Lease by way of Renewal of the same, until Fourteen Years of such Lease shall have expired; and that where any such Lease shall have been made as aforesaid for Thirty Years no such Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian shall grant any new Lease, by way of Renewal of the same, until Ten Years of such Lease shall have expired; and where any such Lease shall have been granted for Twenty-one Years no such Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian shall grant any new Lease, by way of Renewal of the same or (in the Case of Archbishops or Bishops) concurrently therewith, until Seven Years of such Lease shall have expired; and that where any such Lease shall have been granted for Years no such Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian shall grant any Lease by way of Renewal of the same or otherwise, for any Life or Lives; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian shall hereafter grant any renewed Lease of any House, Land, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his or their See, Chapter, Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, or Hospital, such Lease shall contain a Recital or Statement, in the Case of a Lease for Lives, setting forth the Names of the several Persons named as Cestuique vie in the then last preceding Lease of the same Premises, and stating which of such Persons, if any, is or are then dead, or for whose Life that of some other Person has been exchanged by virtue of the Proviso herein-after contained, and in case of a Lease for Years setting forth for what Term of Years the last preceding Lease of the same Premises was granted, and how much of such Term has then expired, and how much remains to come and unexpired, every such Recital or Statement shall, so far as» relates to the Validity of the Lease so to be granted as afore-

K 3 said,

Persons granting Leases.

Recitals of Lease to be taken as Evidence of Fact.

a 20.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. US6 *

Penalty on Persons introducing Recitals into Lease, knowing the same to be false *

Ecclesiastical Persons may grant certain ' Leases conform* able to usual Practice *

Not to prevent Ecclesiastical Persons effecting Exchanges under certain Conditions

said, be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence of the Truth of the Matter so recited or stated

III. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall execute any such Lease, or any Counterpart thereof, knowing such Recital or Statement, or any Part thereof, to be false, or shall wilfully introduce or cause to be introduced, or aid or assist in introducing, any such Recital or Statement into any such Lease knowing the same or any Part thereof to be false, or shall prepare or in gross, or cause to be prepared or ingrossed, any Lease or Counterpart of a Lease containing any such false Recital or Statement as aforesaid, knowing the same or any Part thereof to be false, every Person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and every Person so offending shall, in addition to any Punishment to which he may be liable^ forfeit and pay to any Person suing for the same the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or, at the Option of such Person, Five Years improved annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Lease.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in Cases where it shall be certified in manner herein-after mentioned that for Ten Years now last past it hath been the usual Practice (such Practice having in the Case of a Corporation Sole commenced prior to the Time of the Person for the Time being representing such Corporation) to renew such Leases for Forty, Thirty, or Twenty-one Years respectively, at shorter Periods than Fourteen, Ten, or Seven Years respectively, nothing herein contained shall prevent any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian from granting a renewed Lease conformably to such usual Practice; provided that such usual Practice shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Archbishop of the Province in the Case of a Lease granted by such Archbishop or by a Bishop, and in the Case of a Lease granted by any other Corporation or Person to the Satisfaction of such Archbishop and also of the Bishop having Jurisdiction over such Corporation or Person, and shall before the {granting of such Lease be certified in Writing under the Hand of the Archbishop in the one Case, and of the Archbishop and Bishop in the other Case; the Certificate so signed by an Archbishop only to be afterwards deposited in the Registry of such Archbishop, and the Certificate so signed by an Archbishop and also by a Bishop to be afterwards deposited in the Registry of such Bishop, which Certificate shall be con-elusive Evidence of the Facts thereby certified.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian from exchanging any Lite or Lives in being, for which any Lease shall have been granted as aforesaid, and accordingly granting any renewed Lease with a view to effectuate such Exchange of a Life or Lives; provided that the 6ame shall be approved of (in the Case of an Archbishop) by His Majesty in Council, or (in the Case of a Bishop) by the Archbishop of the Province, or (in the Case of any inferior Corporation or Person) by the Archbishop of the Province and

Bishop

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 20, 21.

185

Bishop of the Diocese; such Approbation, when required to be given by His Majesty in Council, to be testified by the President of the Council certifying on the renewed Lease to be granted as aforesaid such Approbation, and in all other Cases to be testified by the Person or Persons whose Approval is hereby required certifying on such renewed Lease his or their Approbation of the same.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Grants or Renewals of Leases which may have been authorized by Acts of Parliament specially relating to the particular Estates demised by such Leases.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent a Lease from being granted, with a view to confirm any Title or otherwise, for the Life or Lives of the same Person or Persons or for the Lives or Life of the Survivors or Survivor of them, or for the same Term of Years, and commencing at the same Period, as the Lease last granted for a Life or Lives or a Term of Years respectively.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Lease not authorized by the Laws and Statutes now in force shall be rendered valid by any thing in this Act contained.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Lease contrary to this Act shall have been granted since the First Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, or shall be granted after the passing of this Act, every such Lease shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to affect any Lease granted or to be granted pursuant to any Covenant or Agreement entered into previously to the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to extend to Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered or amended by any Act during this present Session of Parliament.

Not to prevent Grants by Acts, of Parliament j.

nor for same Term as pro-ceding r

Act not to render valid illegal Leases.

Leases contrary to this Act void.

Act not to extend to Ireland *

Act may be altered this Session.

CAP. XXL

An Act to provide that Persons in Scotland accused of Letter Stealing shall not be entitled to Liberation on Bail unless in certain Cases.

[21st June 1836.]

WHEREAS by the Law of Scotland Persons committed for

4 V any Crime or Offence of which the Punishment is not Capital are entitled to be liberated on Bail, excepting in the Case of Forgery, as provided under an Act passed in the Fifth and ' Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide that Persons accused of 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 73, 4 Forgery in Scotland shall not be entitled to Pail, unless in certain Cases; And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifth and Sixth Yean of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 8I. 4 for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege: And whereas it is expedient that no Person in Scotland committed on Charge of Letter Stealing or other Crime or Offence against the Post Office described and enumerated in

K 4? 4 the

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6.

Persons in Scotland accused of Letter Stealing not to be entitled to insist on Liberation on Bail

Judges of the Court of Justiciary or Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute may admit to Bail.

Act may be altered this

the said last-recited Act should be entitled to insist on Liberation on Bail:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and alter the passing of this Act no Person in Scotland committed for Trial on Charge of Letter Stealing or other Crime or Offence against the Post Office described and ^numerated in the said hat-recited* Act shall be entitled to insist on Liberation on Bail; without Prejudice nevertheless to the Liberation of any such Person as heretofore with the Consent of the Public Prosecutor, and .on such Bail only as he may agree to.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any One of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, or of the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of the County within which any Person accused of Letter Stealing or other Crime or Offence against the Post Office aforesaid shall be committed, to admit such Person to Bail; provided that it shall appear to the Judge to be consistent with the Ends of Justice so to do; and the Bail to be taken shall be of such Amount as such Judge shall in the Circumstances of the Case think necessary for insuring the Appearance for Trial of the Person accused; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Practice in Scotland, in anywise to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed or altered by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

Bastards in Scotland empowered to make Testaments.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to enable Bastards in Scotland to make Testaments.

[21st June 1836.]

WHEREAS it is just, humane, and expedient that Bastards or Natural Children in Scotland should have the Power of disposing of their Moveable Estates by Testaments or last Wills:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same^That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful to. Bastards or Natural Children domiciled in Scotland to dispose of their Moveable Estates by Testament or last Will, in like Manner as other Persons belonging to that Country! may do; any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland

[21st June 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His

i&2G.4.c 59. 4 late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the

7 4 Relit *

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 23, 2 4.

137

4 Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, to continue in force for a 4 certain Time therein limited; and the said Act was amended by another Act passed in the Third Year of the same Reign, and

both said Acts were continued by another Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the same Reign: And whereas

another Act was made in the Tenth Year of the same Reign,

whereby the said recited Acts of the First and Second and Third Years of the same Reign were amended and further continued;

and the same, so amended, were, by an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, further continued; and the same, so amended, were, by another Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, further continued: And whereas by another Act made in the First and Second Years of

4 His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to improve the 1 &2W.4. c.sr.

Administration of Justice in Ireland, certain Provisions of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of

4 Hb late Majesty were repealed, and certain other Provisions

were made, and certain Persons declared, in certain Cases therein

specified, to be entitled to the Benefit of the Acts for the Relief

of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland: And whereas by another Act made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty the said recited Acts were continued for One Year from the passing of the said last-mentioned Act of the Fourth and

4 Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and until the

4 End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is

expedient that the said Acts should be further continued:' Be

it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said, recited Act of the The several Acts

Fust and Second Years of the Reign of Hb late Majesty, as the herein men-

same b amended by the said recited Acts of the same Reign, and

save and except as any Provisions thereof may be repealed or jnsoivCnt Debt-

other Provisions substituted for the same by the said recited Acts tors, with cer-

of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be continued; and the said tain Exception*,

recited Acts of the First and Second, Third, and Tenth Years of continued.

the Reign of Hb late Majesty, and such Parts of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty as relate to the Law for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors,

shall be and the same are hereby continued for Three Years from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in a Chapel of Ease, in the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey) called Saint Ann's Chapel.

[21st June 1836.]

WHEREAS Saint Anns Chapel in the Parish of Wands" worth in the County of Surrey and Diocese of Winchester is a Chapel of Ease to the Parbh Church of Wandsworth aforesaid, and hath been duly consecrated for the Performance of Divine Service, but no Authority hath ever been given by the

Bishop

C. 24.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

4 6.4.e. 76.

Marriages already solemnized in Saint Ann'S Chapel, Wandsworth, declared to be valid.

Minister *

Registers to be Evidence.

Act not to authorize future Marriages.

Bishop of the said Diocese for the Publication of Banns and the Solemnization of Marriages in the said Chapel: And whereas divers Marriages have been solemnized in the said Chapel by the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the Parish Church of Wandsworth aforesaid, and by the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Chapel, and other Clergymen, under the erroneous Conception that according to the Terms of the Sentence of Consecration of the said Chapel, or otherwise, Marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein; and Entries of the several Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid have been from Time to Time made in the Register Book of the qaid Parish, in compliance with the Provisions of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, inti *

tuled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, except that in each such Entry it hath been expressly stated that the Marriage was solemnized in the said Chapel: And whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubts arising from the Circumstances aforesaid touching the Validity of the Marriages so solemnized in the said Chapel as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages solemnized in the said Chapel called Saint Anns Chapel by the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Parish Church of Wandsworth, and by the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Chapel, or by any other Clergymen respectively being Ministers of the Church of England, shall be as good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same had been solemnized in the Parish Church of Wandsworth aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Ministers who solemnized such Marriages respectively as aforesaid shall not be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his or their having so as aforesaid solemnized the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of the Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid, or Copies of such Registers, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in the same Manner as the same would have been receivable in Evidence in case the said Marriages respectively had been solemnized in the Parish Church of Wands* worth aforesaid, and the Fact of the same Marriages having been solemnized in the said Parish Church had been stated in the Registers relating to such Marriages respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize the Publication of Banns or the Solemnization of Marriages in the said Chapel hereafter.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 25. 139

CAP. XXV.

An Act for granting an additional Rate of Postage on Letters between Great Britain and Ireland by way of Milford and Watoford.

[21st Jime 1836.]

4 YJtfHABEAS it is expedient to improve the Communication ' by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland by way ' of Milford and Waterford, and to provide Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of any Advances which may be made for that Purpose by the Imposition of a small additional Rate of Postage on Letters and Packets passing by that Route Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Additional the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Post* Rates of Port-master General for the Time being and he is hereby required to certain

charge and levy on all Letters and Packets conveyed by Post to Letteri" and from Great Britain and Ireland, or to and from any Part beyond the Seas and Ireland, by way of Milford and Waterford, in addition to the Rates and Duties now payable by Law for the Conveyance by the Post of such Letters and Packets, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,)

For every Single Letter the additional Sum of One Halfpenny: *

For every Double Letter the additional Sum of One Penny:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight the additional Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Ounce in Weight the additional Sum of Twopence, and so in proportion for every Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter:

And all the Powers and Authorities given by Law for the Recovery of the Postage of Letters shall be in force and applicable to the additional Duties hereby imposed, and the same shall be charged, paid, and regulated by and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Exemptions as are now in force as to the Rates and Duties payable on such Letters.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Sum and Sums of Money Application of anting from the additional Rates and Duties of Postage herein- «"h Rates, before granted shall be paid over from Time to Time to the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenue of the Post Office of Great Britain, who shall pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, when he shall pay into such Receipt the other Rates and Duties of Postage by him received, (the necessary Charges for paying, collecting, and accounting for the said additional Rates and Duties, and the Monies to be paid to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, as herein-aflter mentioned, being first deducted,) distinguishing the same in his Accounts, and paying such Sum and Sums of Money for and on account of the Milford Road Fund, and the said Sum and Sums of Money so paid shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And whereas (he Roads within the County of Pembroke Commissioners forming Part of the Communication by Post between Great of Exchequer

Britain Bills in aid of

140

C. 35.

* 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Public Works may advance Money for improving certain Roads.

How such Advances to be repaid.

Act may be altered this Session.

Britain and Ireland by way of Milford and Waterford, as well as Parts of the Road in the Counties adjoining the said County of Pembroke, are in an imperfect State, and it is expedient to improve the same, and to make new Lines of Road therein be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills in aid of Public Works to advance from Time to Time, by way of Loan, to the Trustees for the Time being of the said Roads, upon their Application, such Amount of Exchequer Bills, and such on Terms and Conditions, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, to be advanced for the Purpose of improving the said Roads or making any new Lines of Road, as to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them shall seem fit; and the said Tolls now collected or hereafter to be collected on the said Roads or any such new Lines, subject only to such Charges as the same may now be liable to, shall be charged with the Repayment of all and every such Advances and Interest thereon; and if the said Tolls shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, then the said additional Postages shall be charged with the Repayment of such Advances and Interest, or so much thereof as the said Tolls shall be insufficient to pay; and the said Trustees for the Time being of the said Roads are hereby authorized to assign the said Tolls, subject as aforesaid, to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, for securing the Payment of such Advances and Interests; and it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to direct the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenue of the Post Office of Great Britain, out of the Produce of the said additional Rates of Postage in his Hands, to pay such Sums to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or their Secretary for their Use, as may at any Time be necessary to make good any Deficiency in the said Toils to satisfy the Payment of any such Advances and Interests, at the Times and in the Manner that shall be agreed upon for Payment of the same; and if there be not a sufficient Amount of the Produce of the said additional Rates of Postage in the Hands of the said Receiver General, then it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to direct Payment of so much as will make up such Deficiency out of any Money in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Post Office: Provided always, that the said Receiver General shall have paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer so much of the Produce of the said additional Postage as amounts to the Sum so directed to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered; varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C .26. 141

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

[4th July 1836.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE' ^our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, [the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ' Inkmd in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary (Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely ' and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and from and after the Fifth Day Duties, of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six and until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty,

His Hein and Successors, the Duties of Customs following; (that is to say,)

Sugar; videlicet, £ s. d.

---- Brown or Muscovado or clayed Sugar, not

being refined, the Hundred Weight - S 3 0

---- - the Growth of any British Possession

in America, and imported from thence, the Hundred Weight - 1 4 0

---- - the Growth of any British Possession

within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, into which the Importation of Foreign Sugar may be by this Act prohibited, and imported from thence, the Hundred Weight - - 1 4 0

---- - the Growth of any other British Possession within those Limits, and imported from thence, the Hundred Weight - - 1 12 0

---- Molasses, the Hundred Weight - - 1 3 9

---- ..... the Produce of and imported from

any British Possession, the Hundred Weight - - 0 9 0

---- refined, the Hundred Weight - - 8 8 0

* ---- Candy, Brown, the Hundred Weight - 5 12 0

---- ... White, the Hundred Weight - - 8 8 0

Which several Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 5G. Majesty, intituled An Act for granting Duties of Customs. Bounties

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties granted by granted by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 58.

present continued.

A.D. 1836.

Foreign Sugar not to be imported intooer-tain British Possessions *

Sugar not to be imported at a lower Rate of Duty.

Certificate of Origin.

What Persons may give Certi-oates.

C. 26. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Bounties (mi Allowances of Customs, upon all Sugars therein mentioned exported from the United Kingdom, shall be and the same are hereby continued so long as the Duties on the Importation of Sugar imposed by this Act shall remain in force or be further continued by any Act hereafter to be passed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six it shall not be lawful to import into any Part of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or of any Dependency thereof, being a British Possession, any Foreign Sugar, nor any Sugar the Growth of any British Possession into which Foreign Sugar can be legally imported, save and except into such Districts or Provinces of the said Presidency or of the Dependencies thereof as shall be appointed by the Governor General of India in Council.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sugar the Produce of any District or Province in respect of which any such Order or Orders shall be issued shall be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom at the lower Rate of Duty proposed by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar shall be entered as being of the Produce of any of the Provinces composing the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or of any of the Dependencies thereof, being a British Possession, at the lower Rate of Duty fixed by this Act, the Master of the Ship importing the same shall deliver to the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Sea Customs of the Port where such Sugar was taken on board within the Limits of the Presidency of FortJVilliam in Bengal, or of any of the Dependencies thereof, being a British Possession, testifying that there had been produced to him by the Shipper of such Sugar a Certificate under the Hand and Seed of the Collector or Assistant Collector of the Land or Custom Revenue of the District within which such Sugar was produced that such Sugar was of the Produce of the District, and that the Importation into such District of Foreign Sugar, or Sugar the Growth of any British Possession into which Foreign Sugar can be legally imported, is prohibited; which Certificate so granted by the said Collector of Sea Customs shall state the Name of the Districts in which such Sugars were produced, their Quantity and Quality, the Number and Denomination of the Packages containing the same, and the Name of the Ship in which they are laden, and of the Master thereof; and that such Master shall also make a Declaration before the Collector or Comptroller that such Certificate was received by him at the Place where such Sugar was taken on board, and that the Sugar so imported is the same as is mentioned therein.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor General of India in Council to appoint any Officer or Officers, other than the said Collector and Assistant Collector of Land Revenue and the Collector of Customs, to give such Certificates.

" Separate Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Comptroller " General of the Exchequer of the Duties arising in Great Britain. Monies arising in Ireland to be paid into the Exchequer

" there.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 2T.

of England in the Name of the said Accountant in Bankruptcy, and to be applied by him in such Manner as the said Lord High Chancellor shall direct

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities to be purchased as aforesaid the Costs, Charges, and Expences of all Proceedings to be had under this Act shall be paid by die Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order of the said Lord High Chancellor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money to be laid out in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer the Demand of any Bankrupts or their Creditors or other Persons interested therein, and the Stocks, Funds, and Cash then standing in the Name of the said Accountant in Bankruptcy to the several Accounts before mentioned shall not be sufficient to raise and produce such Money, then and in such Case the Money which shall have been invested under the Provisions of this Act shall be considered a Debt due from the Public, and, to such Extent as may be necessary, shall be answered and made good by Parliament accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord High Chancellor shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal respectively for the Time being.

VII. ' And whereas by the before-recited Act it is enacted,

that certain unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus of (Bankrupts Estates should be paid into the Bank of England to k the Credit of the Accountant in Bankruptcy: And whereas a ' Doubt has arisen whether the Provisions in such Act extend to ' the Case of Fiats where Official Assignees have been appointed,

and who have not unclaimed Dividends or undivided Surplus in *their Hands, such Dividends or Surplus being, according to the

Provisions of the said Act, kept at the Bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That every Official Assignee shall cause a Certificate to be filed of all unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus belonging to any Bankrupt's Estate under his Care and Management, in such Manner and subject to such Provisions and Penalties as by the said Act is prescribed with respect to the unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus therein mentioned, and as if such Official Assignee had such before-mentioned unclaimed Dividends or undivided Surplus in his own Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such last-mentioned unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus, and any Penalty payable by any Official Assignee in respect thereof, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant in Bankruptcy, to the Account intituled " The unclaimed Dividend Account, '* and shall be subject to such Order and Orders as in such Act are prescribed or authorized in respect to the unclaimed Dividend and undivided Surplus therein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. L X. And

145

Expences of Proceedings under this Act to be paid out of the Fund.

If Money not sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, same to be made good by Parliament

As to the Exercise of Powers givcri by Act.

Official Assignee to file Certificate of unclaimed Dividends.

Such uhclaimed Dividends to be paid to the unclaimed Dividend Account,

Acj may be altered this Session*.

J

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

146

Public Act

Persons required to give Security to different Departments of the Revenue may do so by a Transfer of Stock or Deposit of Exchequer Bills.

Such Stock or Bills on default in Conditions of Deposit to be forfeited to the Department suffering thereby.

C. 27, 28.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed 'and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken, notice of as such by all Judges and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable Persons to make Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond to the Postmaster General, and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes.

[4th July 1836.]

WHEREAS k expedient to enable Persons and Bodies

v r Corporate from whom Security may be required in respect of any Matter relating to the Revenues of the Post Office, Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Taxes, in lieu of giving

such Security by Bond, to give the same by Transfer of Stocks

or Deposit of Exchequer Bills in the Manner herein-after men *

tioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons or for any Bodies Corporate from whom any such Security is required, and who may be desirous of adopting the Provisions of this Act, in lieu of giving the same by Bond, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to transfer into the Name of the Postmaster General, or of the Chief Commissioner of His Majesty*# Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or of the Chairman for the Time being of the Commissioners of that Department of the Revenue in respect of which such Security is required, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ so much of any Public Stock standing in the said Books in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, or to deposit in the Bank of England in the Name of the said Postmaster General, or Chief Commissioner, or of such Chairman, such an Amount of Exchequer Bills as shall be in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, a sufficient Security and Indemnification against all Contraventions of the Duty or Purpose for the due Performance of which such Security was required.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Postmaster General upon the Certificate of the Accountant General of the Post Office, and for such Chief Commissioner and for such Chairman as aforesaid upon the Certificate of any Two or more of the Commissioners of such Department of the Revenue, that the Revenue has been damnified by any Act done or any Payment or Duty omitted in contravention of the Duty or Purpose for the due Performance of which such Security was required as hereinbefore mentioned, and they and each of them are hereby required to sell so much of such Stock or of such Exchequer Bills as shall

A.D. 183S. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 2T.

of England in the Name of the said Accountant in Bankruptcy, and to be applied by him in such Manner as the said Lord High Chancellor shall direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities to be purchased as aforesaid the Costs, Charges, and Expences of all Proceedings to be had under this Act shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order of the said Lord High Chancellor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money to be laid out in pursuance of this Act shall be wanted to answer the Demand of any Bankrupts or their Creditors or other Persons interested therein, and the Stocks, Funds, and Cash then standing in the Name of the said Accountant in Bankruptcy to the several Accounts before mentioned shall not be sufficient to raise and produce such Money, then and in such Case the Money which shall have been invested under the Provisions of this Act shall be considered a Debt due from the Public, and, to such Extent as may be necessary, shall be answered and made good by Parliament accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord High Chancellor shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal respectively for the Time being.

VII. And whereas by the before-recited Act it is enacted,

that certain unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus of 1 Bankrupts Estates should be paid into the Bank of England to ' the Credit of the Accountant in Bankruptcy: And whereas a 4 Doubt has arisen whether the Provisions in such Act extend to the Case of Fiats where Official Assignees have been appointed,

and who have not unclaimed Dividends or undivided Surplus in

their Hands, such Dividends or Surplus being, according to the

Provisions of the said Act, kept at the Bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That every Official Assignee shall cause a Certificate to be filed of all unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus belonging to any Bankrupt's Estate under his Care and Management, in such Manner and subject to such Provisions and Penalties as by the said Act is prescribed with respect to the unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus therein mentioned, and as if such Official Assignee had such before-mentioned unclaimed Dividends or undivided Surplus in his own Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such last-mentioned unclaimed Dividends and undivided Surplus, and any Penalty payable by any Official Assignee in respect thereof, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant in Bankruptcy, to the Account intituled The unclaimed Dividend Account," and shall be subject to such Order and Orders as in such Act are prescribed or authorized in respect to the unclaimed Dividend and undivided Surplus therein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. L X. And

145

Expences of Proceedings under this Act to be paid out of the Fund.

If Money not sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, same to be made good by Parliaments

As to the Exercise of Powers given by Act.

Official Assignee to file Certificate of unclaimed Dividends.

Such uhclaitned Dividends to be paid to the unclaimed Dividend Account *

Act may be altered this Session*.

148

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Dividends and Interest thereon to be paid to Receivers General of the respective Departments, for the Depositors.

Such Stock or Exchequer Bills to be re-transferred upon Certificate that Security is no longer required.

Re-transfer to personal Representatives valid.

Joint Stock Companies may have the Benefit of this Act.

Governor and Company of Bank of England indemnified for Acts done in pursuance hereof.

Courts at Westminster to deter-

Act in the Postmaster General, such Chief Commissioner, and in such Chairmen for the Time being, and their Successors, who are hereby authorized and required to make Sales of Stock and Exchequer Bills as is herein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Dividends upon all Stock so transferred, and the Interest upon all Exchequer Bills so deposited, shall be paid to the Receivers General of the respective Revenues herein mentioned, and the Receipts of such Receivers General shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same; and the Dividends upon all Stock so transferred, and the Interest upon all such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid to the respective Parties transferring such Stock or depositing such Exchequer Bills by the respective Receivers General, upon the Production of an Order for that Purpose from the Postmaster General, or such Chief Commissioner, or the Commissioners of the respective Revenues, or any Two of them, with whom such Deposits have respectively been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be; lawful for the said Postmaster General, such Chief Commissioner, and for the Chairmen respectively, and their Successors, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Person or Persons or Bodies Corporate transferring such Stock or depositing such Exchequer Bills, and upon the Certificate of the Accountant General of the Post Office, or of any Two or more of the Commissioners of the Revenue upon whose Account such Transfer or Deposit has been made, that such Transfer or Deposit is no longer necessary for the Security of the Revenue under their Charge, to re-transfer such Stocks or to deliver up such Exchequer Bills to the Person or Persons or Bodies Corporate who transferred or deposited the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Re-transfer or Delivery made to the personal Representatives of any Person or Persons transferring or depositing such Stock or Exchequer Bills shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Joint Stock Companies, having any Joint Stock or Exchequer Bills in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons as Trustees for the Partners forming such Company, shall be desirous of making any Transfer of Stock or Deposit of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, it shall be lawful for them so to do, and all the Provisions in this Act shall apply to Transfers and Deposits so made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be and are hereby indemnified for any Act done or permitted to be done by them in pursuance of this Act; and that all Actions and Suits, both at Law and in Equity, commenced against the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for and in respect of any such Act or Acts shall be null and void, and shall be quashed and vacated, upon summary Motion, by the Court in which they are commenced; which Court is hereby required to give to the Defendant in such an Action or Suit the full Costs of such Motion, to be taxed as between Attorney and Client.

XIV. And whereas Disputes may arise between Parties making Transfers and Deposits in manner lierei«-before mentioned,

10 1 whether

A.D. 1836. 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 28 *

149

whether any Default has been made or any Damage has been ' sustained to the Amount certified in manner herein-before mentioned; be it further enacted, That all such Disputes shall be determined in a summary Manner in one or other of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at, and that there shall be no Appeal against any Decision so made: Provided always, that if it shall seem just to the Judges of any of the said Courts that any Sum of Money paid by virtue of this Act should be repaid, to order the Receiver General of the Revenue to which it has been paid to repay the same to such Person or Persons and on such Account as the said Judges shall think £L

XV. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money paid by any Receiver General under such an Order shall be allowed to Mm in account, and such Receiver shall not be again called upon for such Sum in any Manner whatsoever; and any Proceedings instituted to compel such Receiver General to pay such Sum shall be null and void, and shall be set aside by the Court in which the 5&me may have been instituted, upon summary Motion.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judges of any of the said Courts to direct that any Question arising before them upon such Proceeding may be tried by a Jury in such Manner as such Judges shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Declaration.

It is hereby declared, That ha

[transferred Stock, or hath deposited Exchequer Bills, as the Case may be] to the Amount of as

a Security for pursuant to the Provisions of an Act of Parliament passed, et ceetera.

Form of Certificate.

To His Majesty's Postmaster General, [or to the Chief Commisr rioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, apd Buildings, or Chairman of as the Case may be].

Whereas on the Day of

Stock [or Exchequer Bills] were transferred [or deposited, as the Case may be'] as a Security for [state the Purpose for which the Security was given]. This is to certify, that [state the Breaches], and that the Revenue of hath been thereby

damnified to the Extent of [ov

that such Security is no longer necessary].

mine Disputes about Defaults;

may order the Repayment of Money paid.

Sum so paid by Receiver General tob? allowed

Judges may direct a Trial by J ury.

Act may be altered this Session.

A

150

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

The Lord Lieu* tenant may establish a new Police Office, and appoint Two Persons as Justices of Police for the District of Dublin Metropolis and the surrounding District, under£ the Directions of the Chief or Under Secretary.

The Justices need not have any Qualification of Estate.

[Proviso.]

Oath to be taken by the Justices.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

[4th July 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to substitute a new and more 4 V efficient System of Police within the Limits of the District of Dublin Metropolis, and to constitute an Office of Police,

which, acting under the immediate Authority of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, shall direct and control the whole of such new System of Police within those Limits; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to cause a new Police Office to be established in the City of Dublin, and by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to appoint Two fit Persons as Justices of the Peace for and of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, as the same is constituted and defined in and by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of ike Peace, and fir the more effectual Prevention of Pelonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis, and for and of the Counties of Dublin, Wicklow, Kildare, and Meath, and of all Liberties therein, to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace at the said Office, and in all Parts of those several Counties, and the Liberties therein, and of said District, together with such other Duties as shall be herein-after specified, or as shall be from Time to Time directed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Time being, for the more efficient Administration of the Police within the said Limits; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to remove either of the said Justices, if he or they shall see Occasion so to do, and upon any Vacancy in the said Office by Death, Removal, or otherwise, to appoint another fit Person as a Justice of the Peace of the said District, Counties, and Liberties, to execute the Duties aforesaid, in lieu of the Person making such Vacancy; and it shall be lawful so to appoint any Person to be a Justice of the Peace by virtue of this Act, and for such Person, during the Continuance of his Appointment, to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace for the said District and Counties and Liberties, although he may not have any such Qualification by Estate as is required by Law in the Case of any other Person being a Justice of the Peace for any County: Provided always, that no such Person shall act as a Justice of the Peace at any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, nor in any Matter out of Sessions, except for the Preservation of the Peace, the Prevention of Crimes, the Detection and Committal of Offenders, and in carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Justice of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall, before he shall begin

A.D. 183 & 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

151

begin to execute the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath before some Justice or Barou of One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; (that is to say,)

4 T JLR do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

according to the best of my 8kill and Knowledge, execute all the Powers and Duties of a Justice of the Peace under and by ' virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King Witikan the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Pdkiin the District of Dublin Metropolis *

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to direct that an annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to each of the Justices to be appointed under this Act, and that the same shall be parable quarterly.

IV. And be it enacted, That a sufficient Number of fit and able Men shall from Time to Time, by the Directions of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or in his Absence of the Under Secretary for the Time being, be appointed as a Police Force for the whole of such District, who shall be sworn in by One of the said Justices to act as Constables for preserving the Peace, and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace; and the Men so sworn shall, not only within the said District, but also within the Counties of Dublin, Wicklow, Kildare, and Meath, and within all Liberties therein, have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm, or of any Statutes made or to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they may from Time to Time receive from any of the said Justices for conducting themselves in the Execution of their Office.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Justices may from Time to Time, subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, frame such Orders and Regulations as they shall deem expedient, relative to the general Government of the Men to be appointed Members of the Police Force under this Act, the Places of their Residence, the Classification, Rank, and particular Service of the several Members, their Distribution and Inspection, the Description of Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be furnished to them, and which of them shall be provided with Horses for the Performance of their Duty, and all such other Orders and Regulations relative to the said Police Force as the said Justices shall from Time to Time deem expedient for preventing Neglect or Abuse and for rendering such Force efficient in the Discharge of all its Duties; and the said Justices may at any Time suspend or dismiss from his Employment any Man belonging to the said Police Force whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Discharge of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same; and when any Man shall be so dismissed or cease to belong to the said Police Force all Powers vested in

L 4 him

Salary of tbs Justices.

A Police Force for the whole District to be appointed.

Hie Justices may make Regulations for the Management of the Police Force.

Policemen may be suspended or dismissed by the Justices.

A.D. 1836.

Penalty on Publicans harbouring Police* men during the Pours of Duly.

Powers of Policemen.

Night Constables may take Bail for Appearance of Parties before a Justice, Ac.

C. 89, 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

him as a Constable by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any House, Shop, Room, or other Place for the Sale of any Liquors, whether spirituous or otherwise, shall knowingly harbour or entertain any Man belonging to the said Police Force, or permit such Man to abide or remain in his House, Shop, Room, or other Place during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every, such Victualler or Keeper as aforesaid, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds as they shall think meet.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Man belonging to the said* Police Force, during the Time of his being Qn Duty, to apprehend all loose, idle, and disorderly Persons whom he shall find disturbing the public Peace, or whom he shall have just Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and all Persons whom he shall find between Sunset and the Hour of Eight in the Forenoon lying in any Highway, Yard, or other Place, or loitering therein, and not giving a satisfactory Account of themselves, and to deliver any Person so apprehended into the Custody of the Constable appointed under this Act, who shall be in attendance at the nearest Watch-house, in order that such Person may be secured until he can be brought before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, or may give Bail for his Appearance before a Justice of the Peace, if the Constable shall deem it prudent to take Bail, in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person charged with any petty Misdemeanor shall be brought, without the Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, into the Custody of any Constable appointed under this Act, during his Attendance in the Night-time at any Watch-house within the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, it shall be lawful for such Constable, if he shall deem it prudent, to take Bail by Recognizance, without any Fee or Reward, from such Person, conditioned that such Person shall appear for Examination before a Justice of the Peace at some Place to be specified in the Recognizance, at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon next after such Recognizance shall be taken, unless that Hour shall fall on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day or Good Friday, and in that Case at the like H6ur on the succeeding Day; and every Recognizance so taken shall be of equal Obligation on the Parties entering into the same, and liable to the same Proceedings for the estreating thereof, as if the same had been taken before a Justice of the Peace; and the Constable shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in every Watch-house the Names, Residence, and Occupation of the Party, and his Surety or Sureties, if any, entering into such Recognizance, together with the Condition thereof, and the Sums respectively acknowledged, and shall lay the same before such Justice as shall be present at the Time and Place when and where the Party is required to appear; and if the Party does not appear at the Time and Place required, or within One Hour after, the Justice shall cause a Record of the Recognizance to be drawn up, tv be signed by the Constable, and shall return the same to the

next

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29i

next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of Dublin or for the County of Dublin respectively, as the Case may require, in which the Offence charged should be brought to Trial, with a Certificate at the Back thereof, signed by such Justice, that the Party has not complied with the Obligation therein contained; and the Clerk of the Peace shall make the like Estreats and Schedules of every such Recognizance as of Recognizances forfeited in the Sessions of the Peace; and if the Party not appearing shall apply, by any Person on his Behalf, to postpone the Hearing of the Charge against him, and the Justice shall think fit to consent thereto, the Justice shall be at liberty to enlarge the Recognizance to such further Time as he shall appoint; and when the Matter shall be heard and determined, either by the Dismissal of the Com^ pkint, or by binding the Party over to answer the Matter thereof at the Sessions, or otherwise, the Recognizance for the Appearance of the Party before a Justice shall be discharged without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall assault or resist any Person belonging to the said Police Force in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or incite any Person so to assault or resist, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds as the said Justices shall think, meet.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, either to order and direct the Receiver to be appointed under an Act passed or to be passed in this present Parliament to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, or to appoint such other Person as they may think proper, to receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and to revoke such Order and Direction, or remove any such Receiver, if he or they shall see Occasion so to do, and upon any Vacancy in that Office by Death, Removal, or otherwise to appoint another Person to be such Receiver; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to allow to the Person who shall be appointed to receive such Monies such yearly Salary out of the ^une, payable quarterly, as they may think proper, not exceeding Four hundred and fifty Pounds, or if the Receiver to be appointed under the said Act shall be appointed also to receive the said Monies under this Act, then and in such Case to allow to such Receiver such further yearly Salary, payable quarterly out of the said Monies, in addition to the Salary payable to him under the said Act, as they may think proper, not exceeding One hundred Pounds; and the Receiver for the Time being shall give Security to His Majesty, in a Bond with Two Sureties, in such Sum as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, such Bond to be conditioned for the faithful Performance of his Duty by such Receiver, and for the due Application of all Monies paid to him under this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being shall receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act; And shall keep an exact and particular Account thereof, and shall

immediately

1&3

Punishing Assaults on Policemen.

The Treasury may appoint a Person to be the Receiver of all Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, who shall give Security.

Salary.

C. 30.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

The Money to' be placed In the Bank of Ireland, and drawn out by the Receiver.

Receiver's Drafts to be countersigned.

Receiver's Accounts to be audited *

Receiver to pay the Salaries and Wages of the Police under the Directions of the Chief or Under Secretary; as also Rewards for Activity, and Superannuation Allowances.

immediately pay all Monies, Bills, and Notes by him received under this Act into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland; and the same shall be placed to an Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, which shall be intituled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, 0 inserting the Name of the Receiver for the Time being; and the said Receiver shall draw out of the Bank from Time to Time such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Payment of the Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to be paid as herein-after mentioned, to the Persons belonging to the Police Force appointed under this Act, and also for the Payment of all other Charges and Expences in carrying this Act into execution; and the said Receiver shall be governed, in respect of his pecuniary Transactions, whether of Receipt or Payment, and in respect of the Periods in and for which he shall deliver his Accounts, accompanied by the proper Vouchers, and as to the Manner in which such Accounts shall be kept, and prepared and exhibited for Audit, by such Rules and Regulations as shall be issued in that respect from Time to Time by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them; and every Draft or Order for Money on the Bank of Ireland, drawn by the Receiver, shall be countersigned by One of the Justices appointed under this Act; and all Drafts and Orders so drawn and countersigned, but not otherwise, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons named in them, or to the Bearers of them.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Receiver shall account for the due Application of all Monies so to be drawn by him out of the Bank of Ireland, and shall once in every Six Months, and oftener if required by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary, make out and sign a full and particular Account of all Monies which shall have been received by him under this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid by him, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for the Receipts and Payments; and such Account shall be delivered for the Purpose of being examined and audited, either to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time direct; and the said Receiver shall be subject to the same Regulations and Penalties in that respect as any Public Accountant

XII. And be it enacted, That the Receiver, out of the Monies so received by him, shall from Time to Time pay to the Persons belonging to the Police Force appointed under this Act such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, and at such Periods, as the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or in his Absence the Under Secretary, shall direct, and also any extraordinary Expences which they shall appear to have necessarily incurred in apprehending Offenders and executing the Orders of either of the Justices appointed under this Act, such Expences being first examined and approved of by One of the said Justices; and the Receiver shall likewise pay any further Sums which such Chief or Under

Secretary

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

155

Secretary shall direct to be paid to any of the Persons belonging to the said Police Force, as a Reward for extraordinary Diligence or Exertion, or as a Compensation for Wounds or severe Injuries weaved in the Performance of their Duty, or as an Allowance to such of them as shall be disabled by bodily Injury received, or shall be worn out by Length of Service, and he shall also pay all other Salaries, Charges, and Expences which such Chief or Under Secretary shall direct to be paid for carrying this Act into execution, and all Salaries and Allowances payable to the Divisional Justices and other Persons under the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any Act passed for the Amendment thereof, which shall not cease or determine pursuant to the Provisions or by the Operation of this Act

XIII. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Receiver appointed under this Act the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Receiver with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the Office of Receiver, actually vest in such Successor, and shall be immediately transferred to the Account of such Successor, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Receiver for the Time being is hereby required to issue his Drafts or Orders, countersigned as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the Monies in the Bank, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Receiver.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person, having resigned or having been removed from the Office of Receiver, shall neglect, within Twenty-one Days after Notice for such Purpose, to account for and pay to any succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Receiver for the Time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same from such Person, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dub-Un> by Action of Debt, in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant in the Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail in such competent Sum as the Judge shall order; and the Court in which the Action shall be brought may, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in dispute in a summary Manner to be audited by any Officer of the Court or other fit Person, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Referee shall have Power to administer); and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall show good Cause to the contrary, the Court may make a Rule, either for the Payment of such Stun as upon the Report shall appear to be due, or for staying the Proceedings in the Action, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the Court shall appear reasonable; or the Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession for such Sum as upon the Report shall appear to be due.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death of any Person during the Time that he shall be holding the Office of

Receiver,

Upon the Death or Removal of a Receiver the Balance of Cash at the Bank shall be tran*-ferred to hit Successor.

Upon Removal of Receiver hit Successor may sue for Balance remaining in his Hands, and Mode of Proceeding

Special BaiL

Court may refer the Accounts to an Officer or Arbitrator.

Mode of Proceeding against the Represen-

m

C. 29.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

tatives of a deceased Receiver.

Proof of the Receiver's official Character.

The Receiver ' shall contract for any Land or Buildings that may be required *

The Property to be vested in him.

Corporations and others empowered to sell

Receiver, or after he shall have resigned or been removed from such Office, the Receiver for the Time being may, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover from the Executors or Administrators of such Person deceased all such Sums of Money as shall have been remaining in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, by an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received to his Use for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action hath accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same from such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like Manner, and avail themselves of the like Matters in Defence, as in any Action founded upon simple Contracts of the original Testator or Intestate; and the Court may refer the Account in dispute to be audited by any Officer or Person, and may proceed upon the Report of such Referee in like Manner as is hereinbefore mentioned; and in all Actions to be brought, as well as in all Proceedings whatsoever to be instituted or carried on by any Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of his acting in the Execution of the Office of Receiver shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding such Office, unless the contrary shall be shown in Evidence by the Defendants in such Actions, or the Parties against whom such Proceedings shall be instituted or carried on.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Receiver for the Time being shall make all such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for purchasing or renting any Land or Buildings, or for erecting, fitting up, furnishing, or repairing any Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, the Under Secretary, shall direct, subject nevertheless to such Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Tlu*ee or more of them, shall from Time to Time think fit to establish in respect of all such Contracts and Disbursements; and of all Lands and Buildings so to be purchased or rented, and of the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all Goods and Chattels whatsoever to be from Time to Time held or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the Time being, in whom also shall be vested the Property of all Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be given up as herein-after mentioned; and the Receiver for the Time being may, by the Directions of such Chief or Under Secretary, sell, assign, or dispose of the Whole or any Part of any such Property as aforesaid, and shall execute all such lawful Matters for carrying this Act into execution as such Chief or Under Secretary shall from. Time to Time direct-

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate, and also for all Commissioners or Trustees for public Purposes, and for Tenants for Life or in Tail, and for the Husbands,

Guardians,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

157

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such of the Land to the " Proprietors or' Persons interested in any Lands or Buildings re- Receiver, cpiired for the Purposes of this Act as shall by reason of any legal Disability or of Absence beyond the Seas be incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with the Receiver for the Time being, either for the absolute Sale of such Lands or Buildings, or for a Lease thereof for such Period as the Receiver shall require, and to convey, demise, or grant the same to the Receiver in Trust for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Contracts,

Sales, Conveyances, Leases, and Grants shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and in case any Body Cor- In case of Dis-porate, Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons hereby autho- agreement, &c. riied to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid Va*ue shall neglect or refuse to agree with, or by reason of Disability or j a Absence shall be prevented from agreeing with, the Receiver for the Sale or Lease of any Land or Buildings required by him, or in case the Proprietors or Persons interested therein cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Land or Buildings so to be purchased or rented, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the Receiver, in every such Case all the Powers now by Law vested in the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets and Passages in the City of Dublin, and all Provisions made by any Act or Acts relating to such Commissioners, and now in force with regard to the Valuation of Estates and Interest by a Jury, the conclusive Effect of the Verdict of the Jury, and all Matters preparatory to, concomitant with, and consequent or contingent upon the Valuation by a Jury, shall, so far as the same or are ean be applicable, be applied and extended to the Valuation of any Land or Buildings required for the Purposes of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if those Provisions had been repeated and expressly re-enacted in this Act; and all such Matters as by those Provisions are authorized or required to be done by such Commissioners, or any Number of them, shall under this Act be done by the Receiver for the Time being.

XVIII. And be it further erfacted, That upon the Appointment Upon the Ap-

of a Receiver under this Act, the Office and Duties of the Receiver pointment of of the Public Offices appointed under the said recited Act of the *k^lver^> Forty-eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third shall to cease and determine, and the Balance of Cash for which such the Credit of the Receiver of the Public Offices shall at that Time have Credit on Receiver of the his Account as Receiver with the Governor and Company of the Public Offices Bank of Ireland, and all Cash and Monies in the Hands of such t£.ns *

Receiver as such, shall actually vest in the Receiver appointed fer inu under this Act, and shall be immediately transferred to the Account of and paid to such Receiver appointed under this Act, to

be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the said last-mentioned Receiver for the Time being is hereby required to issue his Drafts or Orders, countersigned as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the Monies in the Bank, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of said Receiver of the Public Offices.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or No Justice, &c. Receiver appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Con- appointed under

tinuance ^'*s to *n

G8» *

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1838.

Parliament; and no Justice, Receiver, Policeman, &c. under this Act to vote at certain Elections.

Penalty 100&

[Proviso.]

The present Police, &c. in the Metropolitan District diall continue until it shall be notified that the new Police is appointed, and then all Watch-boxes, Arms^kc. hall be given up to the new Police.

Penalty for not giving up the WatchboxeSj&c.

tinuance of such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons; and no Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Time that he shall continue in any such Office, or within Six Calendar Months after he shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Dublin, Wicklow, Kildare, or Meath, or for the County of the City of Dublin, or for any City or Borough within the said Police District, nor shall by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving, his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for any such County, City, or Borough; and if any such Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force shall offend therein, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and one Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed under this Act, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the Police under this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall subject any such Justice, Receiver, or Person belonging to the Police Force to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his official Duty.

XX. And whereas some Time must elapse before a new Police 1 Force can be appointed throughout the whole of the Metropolitan 1 Police District be it therefore enacted, That the Constables, Patroling Constables, Watchmen, and others of the Police and Watch already appointed within the Limits of the said District, may, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, continue to act in their respective Appointments, and shall be subject to the same Authorities as heretofore, until it shall be notified by the Justices appointed under this Act that a new Police will be ready to undertake the Charge of the said District, on some Day to be specified in the Notice of the said Justices; which Notice shall be published on Two successive Days in the Dublin Gazette, and in Two public Newspapers published in the City of Dublin, and shall be delivered to the Divisional Justices at the Head Office, previous to the Day named for the same to take effect; and upon the Day so named the Chief Constables, Constables, Patroling Constables, Night Watch, and other Police appointed within the said District previously to or independently of this Act, shall be discontinued; and all Watch-houses and Watch-boxes in the said District, and all Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries provided at the public Expence for the Watch and Police therein, shall be given up to such Persons as shall be named by the said Justices for the Use and Accommodation of the Police to be appointed under this Act; and in case any Person having the Charge, Control, or Possession of any Watch-house, Watch-box, Arms, Accoutrements, or Necessaries as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to give up the same as herein-before required, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every

JJXMM.

0° & 1* GULIELMI IV.

150

S' Offence forfeit and pay, over and above' the Value of not given up, such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, ustices shall think meet; and where there shall be any Building in any such Parish or Place as aforesaid, a Part only of which Building shall have been heretofore used as a Watch-house, such Part shall be given up every Day from the Hour of Four in the Afternoon until the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, for the Use and Accommodation of the Police Force to be appointed under this Act; and if any Person having the Charge, Control, or Possession of any such Building shall neglect or refuse to give up such Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, or to permit free Access thereto or Egress therefrom, during any Portion of the Time above prescribed, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds as the said Justices shall think meet.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Justices appointed under this Act, subject to the Approbation of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or his Under Secretary for the Time being, may order such a Number of Watchboxes as they shall from Time to Time think fit to be placed or fixed in such Parts of the Highways, in any of the Parishes and Places within the Metropolitan Police District, as the said Justices shall deem most convenient.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person so appointed a Constable shall be or act as a domestic or menial Servant to any Person whatsoever; and that any of the said Justices, Receiver, or any other Officer or Clerk who shall retain or employ any Constable as a domestic or menial Servant, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder of the City of Dublin.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Brewer or Distiller, or Dealer in Wine by Retail to licensed Public Houses, or being a Partner of such; no Person who shall have a Licence or Licences to sell Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors, or who shall in any Manner be engaged as a Seller thereof; no Victualler nor Person keeping a Public House, shall be capable of holding any Office or Situation whatsoever under this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That until some further Provision shall be made by Authority of Parliament for the Support and Maintenance of the said Constables and Watchmen, and for providing Watch-houses, Arms, Accoutrements, Watch-coats, Lanterns, Fire and Candle-light, and other Necessaries for the Purposes of this Act, the said Justices to be appointed under this Act shall be and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time to raise and levy the like Rates and Assessments on all Houses and Tenements within the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, which under or by virtue of any Act in force immediately before the passing of this Act are or shall be liable to be rated and assessed to any such Rate or Assessment as the Divisional Justices appointed under the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and by the therein recited Acts, or any of them, were authorized and empowered to collect, rai$e, assess, and levy.

Power to set up Watchboxes.

No Constable to be a menial Servant, &c.

No Brewer, ice. to bold any Police Office*.

Justices to raise the like Taxes as present Divisional Justices;

C. 29.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and to appoint Collectors of said Taxes.

Collector to give Security for faithful Discharge of his Duty, and to account on Oath.

Collectors to furnish their Accounts of Receipts weekly;

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for said Justices to be appointed under this Act to appoint such Number of fit and proper Persons as they shall think proper to collect and receive all Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be assessed or become payable from or out or in respect of any Houses or House, Tenements or Tenement, for the Support of the said Watch Establishment as aforesaid, and the several Persons so appointed shall be called " Collectors of the Watch Tax"; and the Names of the Persons so appointed shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Office to be appointed under this Act; and every Collector so appointed shall from Timp to Time, as and for his Payment for the Execution of his said Office, deduct and retain to his own Use, out of all and every Sum and Sums of Money received by him, such Part or Proportion thereof, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, as shall be directed by the said Justices.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be so appointed a Collector of the said Rates and Assessments shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices appointed under this Act, by Bond payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, which Bond said Justices are hereby empowered and required to take, conditioned for the due and faithful Execution and Discharge of his said Office and Duty; and every such Collector shall under his Hand, at such Time and Times as the said Justices shall direct, deliver to them or either of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Monies which shall have been received by him by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and of all Monies paid by him to the said Receiver, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and all the said Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall verify their Accounts upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or any One of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer); and if any such Person shall refuse or neglect to make or render, or shall neglect or refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Justices, or to One of them, or to such other Person as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Trust reposed in him, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his Hands to the said Receiver, every such Person shall for every such Neglect respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by the said Justices by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said several Collectors shall, on the Saturday in each Week, furnish a just and true Account of all Monies received by him in the course of that Week, in such Manner as shall be directed, to the said Justices; and in case any such Collector shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Collector shall for such Default be subject and liable to such Fine as the said Justices shall think proper, not exceeding Five Pounds foy each and every such Offence, to be.

0 levied

6<> & 7° GULIELMI IV,

161

A.D. 1836.

C. 29.

levied by Warrant under their Hands and Seals out of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the *nd pay their said Rates and Assessments shall, on the Saturday m every Week, ala?c* to. pay to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act all Monies ReceiTerweekJy* received by him, and then in his Hands, by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices to be Justices may appointed under this Act, or either of them, as often as it shall order any Col- appear to them or him that the said several Collectors, or any of Je^°Tt0 *tte"d» them, have not done their Duty, shall give Orders for the Attend- offenaLim or ance of such Collector or Collectors at the said Office to be appointed under* this Act, to answer touching such Matter, and shall for the First Offence fine the Collector or Collectors in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every succeeding Offence impose a Fine not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings; the said Fines to be levied by Warrant under their Hands and Seals out of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be Justices to raise lawful for the said Justices, at any Time after the Day specified and levy all

in the said Notice for the new Police taking Charge of the said Taxes "d District, to levy or cause to be levied and raised in their own Arrears* Names all Duties, Taxes, Assessments, and Fines now payable, or which, if this Act had not passed, would hereafter become payable to the said Divisional Justices, or any of them, and also all Arrears thereof respectively that shall be due and owing on the said Day, or which by Law the said Divisional Justices, or any of them, might or ought to have levied and raised, by such Ways and Means as they would have been enabled to raise and levy the same respectively if this Act had not been passed; and that all Carnage Rates, Carriage Duties, Carriage Rents, Licence Duties, Fines,

Fees, and all other Monies whatsoever, payable to or receivable by the Receiver appointed under the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall, from and after the Appointment of a Receiver under this Act, be paid to and received by such Receiver appointed under this Act, to be by him applied to and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Divisional Divisional Jus-Justices shall, within Ten Days after being thereto required in tices to deliver Writing by the Justices to be appointed under this Act, deliver up or cause to be delivered up to the said last-mentioned Justices all Books of Account, Books of Receipts and Payments of all Monies, Account, Re- Books of Taxes, Collectors Books, Books of House Tax, Hackney ceipts, Taxes, Coach Tax, and all others of every Nature, Kind, and Description &c- within Ten whatsoever, in anywise belonging to or connected with the Collection. Assessment, and levying of all and every the Taxes, Rates, 8010

Duties, and other Monies hereby made payable to the Receiver to be appointed under this Act; and shall also deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Receiver to be appointed under this Act a just and true Account of all Arrears of Taxes, and all Balances of Taxes, Duties, Rents, and other Monies of what Nature and Kind soever, due to the said Divisional Justices or to the said former Receiver; and that the said Divisional Justice or Justices, and 6 A 7 Gul. IV. M such

C. 29.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Divisional Jui-tieea to be hereafter appointed by Lord Lieutenant.

5 6.4. c. 102.

Account* to be 'laid before Parliament annually.

Allowances to disabled Person* acting under this Act.

such of their Clerks respectively as were in anywise concerned in keeping such Books and making such Entries of Receipts and Payments and Proceedings, (shall respectively make Oath of the Truth of the said Books and Accounts, and of the Entries therein respectively, and also that no Book, Account, or Entry of any of the said Matters has been suppressed or withheld from the said Justices, to the Knowledge or Belief of the Person so making every such Affidavit, such Oath to be made before the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath; and in case the said Divisional Justices, Clerk or Clerks* shall refuse or neglect to deliver such Book or Books, or other Papers, or to make such Affidavit as above directed, or shall detain any such Book or Books or Papers, such Person who shall so refuse, neglect, or detain, being thereof duly convicted before the Justices appointed under this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said last-mentioned Justices.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all the Divisional Justices within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis who may now be appointed by the Assembly of the Corporation of the said City, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, far the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and far more effectual Prevention of Felonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis, shall hereafter be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant; and it shall not any longer be requisite that any of the said Divisional Justices shall be an Alderman of the City of Dublin or Sheriffs Peer, or Member of the Common Council of the said City.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That an Account of all Monies received and expended for the Purposes of this Act, made up to the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, shall annually be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days thereafter, if Parliament be then sitting, or within Thirty Days after the First Meeting of Parliament subsequent to the Thirty-first of December; and such Accounts shall specify the total Sum received for every Tax, Rate, Rent, Duty, or other Charge for the Purposes of this Act; and such Account shall also specify the different Heads of Expenditure for the Purposes of the Police, and the Amount actually expended under each.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Justices, Receiver, Constables, or other Persons holding any Office whatsoever under or by virtue of this Act shall by Age, Sickness, or Accident become unable to perform the Duties of such Office, and shall therefore resign or be removed from the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, if he or they shall think proper so to do, to direct that a Pension charged on the Funds applicable to the Support of the said Police Establishment, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, shall be paid to every such Person, not exceeding Two Thirds of the Salary payable to such Person by virtue of this Act immediately previous to his so

resigning

A.D. 183&

6°&7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

163

resigning or being removed; provided that no Person shall be entitled to receive any such Pension or Allowance, unless he shall be above the Age of Sixty Years, or shall have served Twenty-five Years, or shall have been disabled by any unavoidable Accident or permanent Disease acquired in the Performance of his Di under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases not altered Right *, Powers, or otherwise ordained or directed by this Act, alt and every the &c.of Divisional Rights, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Authorities what- Justices to oon-soever now vested in the said Divisional Justices under any Act tbT

or Acts of Parliament, not hereby repealed, and all and every ^ct. y other Matter or Thing whatsoever which the said Divisional Justices are by any Law now in force required, directed, or empowered to do or execute, save and except in the Cases aforesaid, shall and may from and after the passing of this Act be respectively vested in, and exercised, done, and executed by the said Divisional Justices; and all and every Act, Matter, or Thing so done or executed shall thereupon be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Chief Constables, Constables, &c. Constables, Patroles, Watchmen, and Collectors appointed under under this Act this Act shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have and exercise the , nTest^ several Powers, Authorities, and Privileges respectively given to 2miLr Officers* or vested in the Chief Constables, Constables, Patroles, Watchmen, the Act and Collectors appointed under the said Act of the Forty-eighth 48 G. s. c. 140. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, by the said Act, or by any other Statute or Law now in force, except where the contrary is directed by this Act, or where the same would be repugnant to or inconsistent with any Provision herein contained.

XXXVII. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences Justices may punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act, be it summon Per-enacted, That where any Person shall be charged, on the Oath °" c^ed of a credible Witness, with any such Offence before any Justice Tishablg^ of the Peace, the Justice may summon the Person charged to summary Con-appear before any Two Justices of the Peace, at a Time and riction under Plaee to be named in such Summons; and if the Person charged this Act. shall not appear accordingly, then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons, by delivering a Copy thereof to such Person, or by delivering a Copy to the Wife or Servant or some Inmate of the Family of such Person, at his usual Place of Abode,) the Justices before whom he ought to have appeared may either proceed to hear and determine the Case ex parte, or may issue their Warrant for apprehending such Person and bringing him before them: Provided always, that the Prosecution for any Offence Limitation of punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act shall ^Dmefor such be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Commis- rneumbngP' sion of the Offence, and not otherwise.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Sum which by any Application of Justices of the Peace shall be adjudged to be paid for any Offence Penalti#s-against this Act shall be paid to the Receiver appointed under this Act, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the Police under this Act; and no Person, although

ijr n

liable

164

C. 29.

6° & 7° GUL1ELM1 IV.

A.D. 1836.

Persons paying Police Rate may give Evidence or act as Justices.

Scale of Imprisonment for Nonpayment of Penalties.

Porm of Conviction.

No Certiorari, &c.

liable to the Payment of Money for the Maintenance of the Police under this Act, shall by reason thereof, or by reason of the Application of any Penalty to the Use of the Police Funds, be deemed to be an incompetent Witness before any Court or Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Proceeding whatever for any Offence against this Act, or in any Matter relating to the Money to lie raised for the Maintenance of the Police, or in any other Matter mentioned in this Act; and no Justice of the Peace shall be disabled from acting in the Execution of this Act by reason of his being liable to the Payment of any Money for the Maintenance of the Police under this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace by whom any Person shall be convicted and adjudged to pay any Sum of Money for any Offence against this Act may adjudge that such Person shall pay the same either immediately or within such Period as they shall think fit, and that in default of Payment at the Time appointed he shall be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction and be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, where the Sum to be paid shall not exceed Five Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Four Calendar Months where the Sum shall not exceed Ten Pounds, and for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months in any other Case; the Imprisonment to cease in each of the Cases aforesaid upon Payment of the Sum due.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person shall be summarily convicted of any Offence against this Act may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect as the Case may require; (that is to say,)

\ BE remembered, That on the Day of

to wit.) in the Year of our Lord at in

9 the County of A.B. is convicted before us [naming

9 the Justices], Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for that he the said A.B. did [specify the Offence *

and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed *

9 as die Case map be]; and we the said Justices adjudge the said ' A.B. for his said Offence to forfeit and pay the Sum of

[here state the Amount of the Sum to be paid];

9 and in default of immediate Payment of the said Sum to be

imprisoned in tlfe for the Space of unless

9 the said Sum shall be sooner paid, [or and we order that the 9 said Sum shall be paid by the said A.B. on or before the 9 Day of and in default of Payment

on or before that Day we adjudge the said A.B. to be imprisoned 9 in the for the Space of unless the said

4 Sum shall be sooner paid]; and we direct that the said Sum c shall be paid to the Receiver for the Metropolitan

9 Police District, to be by him applied according to the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William 9 the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in the 9 District of Dublin Metropolis. Given under our Hands the Day 9 and Year first above mentioned. '

XLI. And be it enacted, That no Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Matter, made or purporting to be made by virtue of this Act,

A.D. 1836.

6*&7° GULIELMI IV. C. 29.

165

Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided that it be therein alleged that the Party has beep convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same; and where any Distress shall be made for levying any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, if any, in an Action upon the Case.

XLII. And, for the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; Ad Notice in Writing of such Action, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and in any such Action the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action, and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third as enacts that the Sums presented by the Term Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin for the Houses of Correction within the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, and for Necessaries therein, and for Salaries to the Keepers thereof, shall be paid over by the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin to the Receiver appointed under the said Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the Monies from Time to Time presented and raised for the aforesaid Purposes, or any of them, shall, until Parliament shall otherwise provide, be paid, expended, and accounted for by said Treasurer, in like Manner and under the like Regulations as any other Monies presented by said Grand Jury, and paid, disbursed, and accounted for by such Treasurer;

M3 and

As to Informality in Warrants, Ac.

Venue in Proceedings under this Act.

Notice of Action.

General Issue.

Tender of Amends, Ac.

Sums presented for Houses of Correction to be paid by Treasurer of County as other Monies presented are paid.

166

C. 29.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. lftft.

Form of Oath.

Repeal of so much of

31 G. 3. (I.)as prohibits Horse Races within Nine Miles of Dublin Castle.

Act may he altered this Session.

[Public Act.]

and the Securities of such Treasurer shall be Security for the Payment, Expenditure, and accounting for all such Sums.

jGL.IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed under this Act, shall, before he shall do any Act in his said Office, take and subscribe the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign

A Lord the King in the Office of [as the Case may fc], without

Favour or Affection, Malice or Ill-will; that I will see and

cause His Majesty's Peace to be kept and preserved; and that ' I will prevent to the best of my Power all Offences against the same; that while I shall continue to hold the said Office will,

to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, discharge all the Duties ' thereof faithfully according to Law; and that I do not now ' belong to, and that while I shall hold the said Office I will not

join or belong to, any political Society whatsoever or any secret ' Society whatsoever, unless the Society of Freemasons.

So help me GOD.' And the said Oath shall be administered to the Justices to be appointed under this Act at the same Time, and by the same Persons, with the other Oaths to be by them taken; and the said Oath shaff be administered to all Constables so appointed by One of the said Justices, and shall in all Cases be subscribed by the Person taking the same: Provided always, that in all Cases where an Oath is required by this Act, the Affirmation of a Quaker, Moravian, or Separatist shall be accepted in lieu of such Oath.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third as enacts," that it shall not be lawful for any Person to cause any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to run for any public Prize whatever within Nine Miles of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, either against any other Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or against Time; and that any Assembly of Persons more than Twelve in Number, present at any Horse Race within Nine Miles from the said Castle, shall be and be deemed an unlawful Assembly, and shall and may be dispersed as such by any Magistrate or Peace Officer as in Cases of unlawful Assemblies, and the Persons so present may be prosecuted and in all respects proceeded against as Persons present and assisting at an unlawful Assembly," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAT.

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 30.

167

CAP. XXX.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts of the Ninth and Tends Years of King George the Fourth as directs the Period of the Execution and the Prison Discipline of Persons convicted of the Crime of Murder.

[14th My 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the " Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intitilled An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in 9 0.4. c. 3K England relative to Offences against the Person, it was amongst other Things enacted, that every Person convicted of Murder should be executed according to Law on the Day next but one ' after that on which the Sentence should be passed, unless the same should happen to be Sunday, and in that Case on the 1 Monday following, and that Sentence should be pronounced immediately after the Conviction of every Murderer, unless the Court should see reasonable Cause for postponing the same, and such Sentence should express, not only the usual Judgment of Death, but alao the Time thereby appointed for the Execution thereof; and it was by the said Act provided, that after such Sentence should have been pronounced it should be lawful for the Court or Judge to stay Die Execution thereof, if such Court or Judge should so think fit: And whereas it was by the said Act, amongst other Things, further provided, that every Person convicted of Murder should after Judgment be fed with Bread and Water only, and with no other Food or Liquor, except in case of receiving the Sacrament, or in case of any Sickness of Wound, in which Case the Surgeon of the Prison might order other Necessaries to be administered; and that no Person but the Gaoler and his Servants, and the Chaplain and Surgeon of the Prison, should have Access to any such Convict without the Permission in Writing of the Court or Judge before whom inch Convict should have been tried, or of the Sheriff or his Deputy; and it was by the said Act further provided, that in case the Court or Judge should think fit to respite the Execution of such Convict, such Court or Judge might, by a Licence in Writing, relax during the Period of the Respite all or any of the Restraints or Regulations therein-before directed to be observed: And whereas by another Act passed in the Tenth. Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act for consolidating* and 10 G. 4. c. 34.

amending the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the

4 Pawn, the like Provisions were made with respect to Persons

convicted of Murder in Ireland: And whereas, for the Ends

of Justice, and especially more effectually to preserve from an

irrevocable Punishment any Persons who may hereafter be con-

vieted upon erroneous or perjured Evidence, it is expedient to

alter and amend the said recited Acts in these respects Be it

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

vith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Acts of the Ninth Recited Acts in

and Tenth Years respectively of the Reign of His late Majesty part reomled.

M 4 King

16$

Pronouncing of Sentence of Death for Murder.

lG.2.(I.)

Any Person may allot, with the Consent of the Bishop, any Land not exceeding One Acre for the Site of a Chapel, not less than One Mile from Mother Church, unless in a City or Town, Ac.

C. 30, 31. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

King George the Fourth as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act Sentence of Death may be pronounced after Convictions for Murder in the same Manner and the Judge shall have the same Power in all respects as after Convictions for other Capital Offences.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of building of Chapels of Ease in Ireland.

[14th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of His 4 Y J late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, amongst other Things, An Act to enable Archbishops, Bishops, and ofher Ecclesiastical Persons and Corporations to grant their Patronage or Right of Presentation or Nomination to small Livings to such Persons as shall augment the same; wherein several Provisions were made for the Encouragement of building of Chapek of Ease: And whereas it is expedient to afford greater Facilities to the carrying into effect the said Objects proposed by the said Act, and for that Purpose to amend the same; therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Aw thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed of a sufficient Estate for the Purpose, by and with the Consent of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, to be signified in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to allot and set apart any Land not exceeding One Plantation Acre, provided the same shall not be within One measured Mile of any other Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established are used and observed, unless the said Lands shall be within some City or Corporate Town, or within a Town containing Four thousand Persons, or the Suburbs, Liberties, and Precincts of the same; on which said Lands so set apart it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to erect and build a Church or Chapel, or to appropriate as a Church or Chapel any Building already erected on such Land, in which the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established are to be used and observed, who shall first settle and assure Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Fee Simple, or for Lives with Covenant for perpetual Renewal thereof, or for a Term of Ninety-nine Years of which Sixty Years at the least shall be then unexpired, free from Incumbrances, and of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at the least, or Money in any of the Government Funds amounting at the least to One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, as a Provision or Maintenance for a Minister to officiate in such Church or Chapel, and hb Successors for ever, as a perpetual Endowment of such Church or Chapel: Provided always,

A J); 1881

6*8t 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 31

169

always, that the Land so set apart for building thereon such Church or Chapel, or whereon such Building shall be erected as aforesaid, shall be held in Pee Simple, or for Lives with Covenant for perpetual Renewal thereof, or for a Term of Ninety-nine Yean of which not leas than Sixty Years shall be unexpired; and provided also, that by the Deed of Endowment thereof One Third at least of the Sittings in such Church or Chapel shall be set apart and appropriated as Free Sittings for ever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall erect or appropriate as aforesaid and endow, and where Two or more Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall join in or contribute to the erecting or appropriating as aforesaid and Endowment of any Church or Chapel or Building as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Minister or Ministers to officiate in such Church or Chapel shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed by Trustees, who shall not be fewer than Five nor more than Seven in Number, and who shall be Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, to be for that Purpose named, in the first instance, by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so erecting or appropriating and endowing any such Church or Chapel, and that the Vacancies which shall from Time to Time occur in the Number of such Trustees shall be filled up in such Manner and Order as in the Deed of such Endowment shall be settled: Provided that if it should happen that aU the Trustees of any such Church or Chapel for the Time being should die without having appointed any other Trustee or Trustees as their Successors, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Minister for the Time being of the said Church or Chapel, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to appoint the requisite Number of Trustees by the Deed of Endowment of such Church or Chapel required.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case such Endowment shall be formed in the whole or in part of Government Funds, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, as they shall think fit, to dispose of such Government Funds, and to invest the Produce thereof in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Fee Simple, or for Lives with Covenant for perpetual Renewal, or for k»g Terms for Years of which at least Sixty Years shall be unexpired, in such Manner and subject to such Restrictions as in said Deed of Endowment shall be for that Purpose provided; and where such Endowment shall be formed in the whole or in part of any Estate or Interest in Lands or Tenements less than a Fee Simple H shall be lawful for such Trustees, as they shall see fit, to purchase any more extended Interest therein, or the Reversion or Inheritance therein, in such Manner and subject to such Restrictions as in the said Deed of Endowment shall be for that Purpose provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Bishop of the Diocese, with the Consent of the Incumbent, shall assign a particular District to every such Church or Chapel as shall be built or appropriated under the Provisions of this Act, or which has been or hall be built or appropriated under any other Statute, or under and by virtue of any Ecclesiastical Authority, except where from

special

Founders of Chapels may *eat the Patronage in Trustees not exceeding Seven in Number.

Providing for Failure of Appointment of Trustees.

If Endowment be invested in Government Funds, Trustees may dispose of same, and invest the Produce in Purchase of Lands, Ac.

Bishop may assign a District to a Chapel;

170

C. 31.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and determine whether Baptisms, &c. shall be performed *

Trustees to be the truePatrons *

Appointment to such Chapel to render void any Benefice, &c. previously held, and not to be held with any other.

Chapelries founded to be Perpetual Cures.

special Circumstances lie shall deem it not advisable to assign a District; and such District shall be under the immediate Care of the Minister who shall have been duly licensed to serve such Church or Chapel, so far as regards the Visitation of the Sick and other pastoral Duties: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Bishop also to determine whether Baptisms, Churdlings, or Burials shall be solemnized or performed in any such Church or Chapel or not; and the Bishop shall cause a Description of the Boundaries of the District assigned by him to such Church or Chapel to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and shall also cause his Order and Direction in Writing as to all Offices to be performed in any such Church or Chapel to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees to be so nominated and appointed by or in the Manner directed as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall build or appropriate and endow any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, shall from the Time of such Endowment be and be esteemed in Law to be Patron or Patrons of such Church or Chapel; and the Right of Presentation or Nomination thereto shall be and is hereby from thenceforth for ever after vested in the Trustees to be so nominated by or appointed in such Manner as aforesaid, by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall build or appropriate and endow the same as aforesaid; and that such endowed Church or Chapel shall be for ever after called and known by such Name as the said Founders of such Church or Chapel shall in and by their Deed of Endowment direct and appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Minister already possessed of any Benefice, Living, or Curacy shall be nominated and appointed to officiate in any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, and shall accept such Appointment, and be duly licensed thereunto, that then such Benefice, Living, or Curacy shall from thenceforth be and be deemed and adjudged absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop, Bishop, or other Patron to collate or present thereto in like Manner and Form as if the former Incumbent had died; and in case any Minister who shall have been nominated and appointed to officiate in any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, and who shall have accepted such Appointment, and have been duly licensed thereunto, shall be collated or instituted to any other Benefice, Living, or Curacy, that then the said Appointment of such Minister to officiate in such Church or Chapel as aforesaid shall from thenceforth be and be deemed and adjudged absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being in the Deed of Endowment of such Church or Chapel named, or subsequently duly appointed as thereby directed, to nominate and appoint another Minister to officiate in such Church or Chapel in like Manner and Form as if the former Minister had died.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Churches or Chapels which shall at any Time hereafter be erected or appropriated and endowed by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby declared and established to be from the

7 Time

A.D. 1836. 6°& 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 31.

171

Time of such Endowment Perpetual Cura and Benefices Presentative, and the Ministers duly admitted and instituted or nominated and licensed thereunto, and their Successors respectively, shall be and shall be esteemed in Law Bodies Politic and Corporate, and shall have perpetual Succession by such Name and Names as in the Giant of such Endowment shall be mentioned, and shall have a legal Capacity, and are hereby enabled to take in Perpetuity to them and their Successors all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be granted unto them respectively by virtue of this or any other Act, or any Deed or Endowment; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, But afl Lends and Grounds which shall be granted and conveyed as and for the Sites of such Churches or Chapels as aforesaid, and upon which any such Church or Chapel shall be erected or appropriated as aforesaid, hall become and be and remain absolutely vested in the Trustees for the Time being in the Deed of Endowment of such Church or Chapel named, or subsequently duly appointed as thereby directed, free from all Demands or Claims of any Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons whatever, and without being at any Time subject to any Question as to any Right, Title, or Claim thereto or in any Manner affecting the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That 1 no Deeds of Grant for any Erection, Appropriation, or Endowment to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be good and effectual in Law unless such Deeds be enrolled within Six Months from the Date thereof in His Majesty's Court of Chancery in Inland.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Churches or Chapels endowed by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, and all Ministers and Curates officiating therein, shall be subject to the Visitation and Jurisdiction of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Churches or Chapels are situated, to all Intents and Purposes of Law whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for continuing the Succession in such Perpetual Cures and Benefices, and that the same may be duly and constantly served, in case such endowed Cures or Benefices be suffered to remain void by the Space of Six Months without any Nomination within that Time of a fit Person to serve the same by the Person or Persons having a Right of Nomination thereto to the Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, within that Time to be licensed for that Purpose, the same shall lapse to the Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the Course of Law used in Cases of Presentative Livings and Benefices, and the Right of Nomination to such endowed Benefice may be granted or recovered, and the Incumbency thereof may and shall cease and be determined, in like Manner and by the like Methods as the Presentation to or Incumbency in any Vicarage Presentative may now be respectively panted, recovered, and determined; and moreover, io case the Minister of such Church or Chapel shall be absent from his Cure for above the Space of Sixty-one Days in any One Year, without the Licence of the Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary

Lands conveyed

for the Site of Chapels not to be subject to Question.

No Deeds of Grant to be effectual Six Months from Date.

Churches or Chapels, &c. subject to Visitation.

If void Six Months without Nomination, the Right to lapse as in Presentative Livings.

Voidance in case of Absence of Minister without Licence;

nk

but no Lapse thereby till Six Months after Notice in Writing by the Ordinary.

With Consent of Bishop, &c. Persons may erect Chapel of Ease in any Parish.

Societies may be established for the Purchase or Erection of Dwelling Houses.

C. 31, 32. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

flint obtained for that Purpose, such Church or Chapel shall from thenceforth be and be esteemed in Law actually void.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Lapse shall occur, in case such Church or Chapel becoming void by Want of such Residence of such Incumbent as aforesaid, till Six Months after Notice thereof in Writing given by the Bishop or other Ordinary to the Person or Persons having Right of Nomination to the same: Provided always, that in case the Person or Persons entitled to nominate to such endowed Benefice shall suffer a Lapse to incur, but shall after present or nominate to the same before any Advantage taken thereof by the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or Crown respectively, such Presentation or Nomination shall be as effectual as if made within Six Months, although so much Time be before elapsed as that the Title by Lapse be vested in the Crown.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politic, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Incumbent, to erect and build a Chapel of Ease in any Parish, provided the Incumbent shall together with the Bishop of the Diocese give their Consent thereto by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to be deposited in the Registry in the Diocese; and when such Chapel shall have been erected and consecrated the Minister of the Parish in which the same is built shall be from Time to Time and for ever the Minister of said Chapel; provided that wherever there is a Mother Church at which the Minister is bound to officiate, he shall not be required to have Divine Service in said Mother Church and Chapel oftener than once on each Sunday or Holiday in each.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Regulation of Benefit Building Societies.

[14th July 1836.]

WHEREAS certain Societies commonly called Building Societies have been established in different Parts of the

Kingdom principally amongst the industrious Classes for the c Purpose of raising by small periodical Subscriptions a Fund to assist the Members thereof in obtaining a small Freehold or ' Leasehold Property, and it is expedient to afford Encouragement ' and Protection to such Societies and the Property obtained ' therewith Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Number of Persons in Great Britain and Ireland to form themselves into and establish Societies for the Purpose of raising, by the monthly or other Subscriptions of the several Members of such Societies, Shares not exceeding the Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds for each Shar^ such Subscriptions not to exceed in the whole Twenty Shillings per Month for each Share, a Stock or Fund for the Purpose of enabling each Member thereof to receive out of the Funds of such Society the Amount or Value of his or her Share or Shares therein,

2 to

A.D. 1836.

& 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 32.

H3

to erect or purchase One or more Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or other Real or Leasehold Estate to be secured by Way of Mortgage to such Society until the Amount or Value of his or her Shares shall have been fully repaid to such Society with the Interest thereon, and all Fines or other Payments incurred in respect thereof, and to and for the several Members of each Society from Time to Time to assemble together, and to make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome Rules and Regulations for the Government and Guidance of the same as to the major Part of the Members of such Society so assembled together shall seem meet, so as such Rules shall not be repugnant to the express Provisions of this Act and to the General Laws of the Realm, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures upon the several Members of any such Society who shall offend against any such Rules, as the Members may think fit, to be respectively paid to such Uses for the Benefit of such Society as such Society by such Rules shall direct, and also from Time to Time to alter and amend such Rules as Occasion shall require, or annul or repeal the same, and to make new Rules in lieu thereof, under such Restrictions as are in this Act contained; provided that no Member shall receive or be entitled to receive from the Funds of such Society any Interest or Dividend, by way of annual or other periodical Profit upon any Shares in such Society, until the Amount or Value of his or her Share shall have been realized, except on the Withdrawal of such Member, according to the Rules of such Society then in force.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Society to have and receive from any Member or Members thereof any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Bonus on any Share or Shares, for the Privilege of receiving the same in advance prior to the same being realized, and also any Interest for the Share or Shares so received or any Part thereof, without being subject or liable on account thereof to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Usury.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Society, in and by the Rules thereof, to describe the Form or Forms of Conveyance, Mortgage, Transfer, Agreement, Bond, or other Instrument which may be necessary for carrying the Purposes of the said Society into execution; and which shall be specified and set forth in a Schedule to be annexed to the Rules of such Society, and duly certified and deposited as herein-after provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions of a certain Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, and also the Provisions of a certain other Act made and passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King WUUam the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, so far as the same, or any Part thereof, may be applicable to the Purpose of any Benefit Building Society, and to the framing, certifying,

enrolling.

Bonus, &c. not to be usurious.

Rules may be made to provide Forms of Conveyance, &c«

Provisions of Friendly Society Acts of 10 G. 4. c. 56. and 4A5W.4. c. 40. extended to this Act.

C. 32, S3.

6° k 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Receipt endorsed on Mortgage to be sufficient Discharge without Reconveyance.

Funds not to be invested in Savings Banks^&c.

Benefit of Act to extend to all Societies established prior to June 1836.

Exemption from Stamp Duties.

[Public Act.]

enrolling, and altering the Rules thereof, shall extend and apply to such Benefit Building Society and the Rules thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the Provisions of the said Acts had been herein expressly re-enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees named in any Mortgage made on behalf of such Societies, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, or for the Trustees for the Time being, to endorse upon any Mortgage or further Charge given by any Member of such Society to the Trustees thereof for Monies advanced by such Society to any Member thereof, a Receipt for all Monies intended to be secured by such Mortgage or further Charge, which shall be sufficient to vacate the same, and vest the Estate of and in the Property comprised in such Security in the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Equity of Redemption, without it being necessary for the Trustees of any such Society to give any Re-conveyance of the Property so mortgaged; which Receipt shall be specified in a Schedule to be annexed to the Rules of such Society duly certified and deposited as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Benefit Building Society to invest its Funds, or any Part thereof, in any Savings Bank, or with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Building Societies established prior to, the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six shall be entitled to the Protection and Benefits of this Act, on their present Rules being duly certified and deposited as directed by the said recited Acts; and no such Society shall be entitled to the Benefits of this Act until their Rules shall have been so certified and deposited; and that no such Society shall be required to alter in any Manner the Rules under which they are now respectively governed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Rules of any such Society, or any Copy thereof, nor any Transfer of any Share or Shares in any such Society, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall extend to Great Britain, Ireland, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially shown or pleaded.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and regulate the Law of Scotland as to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam.

[14th Jtdy 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in

the Year One thousand six hundred and seventeen, inti-

1617. 16. tuled Anent the Registration of Reversions, Seisins, and other

Writs, for the Purpose of establishing certain Public Registers, ' in which the various Sorts of Writings affecting Heritable Property therein enumerated or referred were to be made patent to ' the Lieges; and by Two other Acts of the Parliament of Scotland

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 33, 34.

175

« land passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine ' and One thousand six hundred and eighty-one the Provisions ' in the foresaid Act are extended to Instruments of Resignation ad remanerti&in, and to Writs affecting Heritable Property within Royal Burghs: And whereas various Questions have

arisen as to the Validity of Instruments of Sasine and Resig-

nation ad remanentiam recorded in such Registers, founded on ' alleged Ensures in the said Instruments not patent to the Lieges nor appearing on the Record thereof, whereby a Want of

Confidence in the Security of the Land Rights of Scotland has been produced, which ought to be removed:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adriceand Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Challenge of any Instrument of Sasine or Resignation ad remanentiam shall hereafter receive Effect, either by Reduction or Exception, on the Ground that any Part of the said Instrument is written on an Erasure, unless it shall be averred and proved that such Erasure had been made for the Purpose of Fraud, or the Record thereof is not conformable to the Instrument as presented for Registration: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Judgment pronounced before the Twelfth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight handled and thirty-five, but that all Parties who before the said Twelfth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-fire shall have objected judicially to the Validity of any such lostrument or Instruments, on the Ground of Erasure, in any Sint in which Judgment was not pronounced on or before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, shall be entitled to such Costs as the Court of Session in its Discretion shall think fit to direct: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Instruments of Sasine or Resignation and Sasine propriis manibus; provided also, that where any Feudal Title of Property or Title in Secarity has been completed in order to remedy or supply Defects arising from Erasures in Instruments of Sasine, the Validity of the said Titles shall not be affected by any thing herein contained.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

No Challenge of Instruments of Sasine or Resignation ad remanentiam on account of Erasures.

Certain Judgments and Titles not to be affected.

Act may be altered this Session.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to .amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

[14th July 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth " Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ' Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice 1 d the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for

7 & 8 G.4. c. 67.

C. 34.

6° & 7° &ULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Counties, &c. (except the County of Cork,) not yet divided into Districts for holding Petty Sessions may be so divided at the October Sessions after the passing of this Act or at any January Sessions.

Justices to take down the Evidence in Criminal Cases in Writing.

for the Justices of the Peace, save and except within the County (of Cork, within their respective Jurisdictions, at the January t 1 Sessions to be holden next after the passing of that Act, to divide ' the County, County of a City, or County of a Town for which such Sessions should be holden into Districts for the Purposes of that Act, in manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas ' there are some Counties in Ireland which were not so divided ' at the January Sessions holden next after the passing of the said Act, and it is expedient that the same should be so divided, not-

withstanding the Time for doing so has expired Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, save and except within the County of Cork, of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, which has not been divided into Districts for holding Petty Sessions under the said recited Act, and they are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, at the October Sessions to be holden next after the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent January Sessions, to divide the County, County of a City, or County of a Town; for which such Sessions shall be holden into such Districts for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act as to them shall seem most expedient, fixing within every such District a Place or Places wherein the Petty Sessions shall be holden for such District respectively; and every such Division may be altered, and such Order in Writing shall be made, specifying the Boundaries thereof, as is directed by the said recited Act, and the several other Matters directed to be done in respect of any such Division by the said recited Act shall be done and performed upon and in respect of every such Division made under the Authority of this Act^and every such Division shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made at the January Sessions next after the passing of the said recited Act, and every Petty Sessions Court held in any such District shall be subject to all the Rules and Regulations made and provided in and by the said recited Act as to the Appointment of a Clerk to said Court, and the taking of Fees therein, and to all other Matters to be done at such Court, or by any Magistrate or Magistrates therein, as if the same were expressly repeated in this Act and re-enacted herein, save so far as the same are varied or altered by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Magistrate or Magistrates shall at any Petty Sessions Court appointed under the said recited Act or this Act proceed in a summary Way to try any Information or Complaint of & Criminal Nature, or upon which any pecuniary or other Penalty may be awarded, such Magistrate or Magistrates, or One of them if there be more than One, shall take or cause to be taken a Note or Minute in Writing of the Evidence given on Oath for the Prosecution and for the Defence, or of so much thereof as shall be material, in a Book to be kept in said Court by the Cleric of the said Petty Sessions, should the Plaintiff or Defendant so require it, with the Registry or Record of the Proceedings done at such Petty Sessions, and such Book shall be signed by the Justice or Justices *

by

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 34.

177

by whom such Information or Complaint shall have been heard on die Day on which feuch Complaint or Information shall have been determined.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of every Petty Sessions Court shall enter in the Book kept by him, containing a Record of the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, an Account in Writing of all Fiiies or Penalties, or Portions of Fines or Penalties, imposed at said Court, and paid to or deposited with him by Order of the Justices attending thereat or otherwise, and of the Appropriation thereof, and such Account shall be always open to the Inspection of any Justice at such Petty Sessions; and if he shall neglect to do so, or shall make any false Entry in such Account, he shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same by Civi-Bill before the Assistant Barrister of the County.

IV. And be it further enacted, That once in every Three Months after the passing of this Act the Clerk of every Petty Sessions Court shall make out and transmit to the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary for the Time being, a Return under his Hand, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, of the Proceedings at such Petty Sessions, and also the Appropriation of all Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Portions of Fines and Penalties received by the Justices or Clerk of such Petty Sessions; and that every such Clerk who shall wilfully make default in transmitting such Return, or shall wilfully make an untrue Statement therein, shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County, forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so offending.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Information, Examination, and Recognizance sworn, taken, or acknowledged by or before any Justice or Justices not sitting in Petty Sessions, shall with all convenient Despatch, and at the latest before the Petty Sessions then next ensuing for the District where the Case may have arisen, be transmitted to the Clerk of Petty Sessions of such District; and shall be by him laid before the Bench of Justices at the next Petty Sessions after he shall have received such Informations, Examinations, and Recognizances; and every Petty Sessions Clerk shall keep a distinct and separate List of the Informations, Examinations, and Recognizances so transmitted to him, containing the Subject Matter thereof, the Dates of the taking or acknowledging of the same and the Dates of the Receipt of the same by him respectively, and shall every Three Months transmit a Copy of such List to the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, along with the Quarterly Return of the Proceedings at Petty Sessions.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Information, Examination, and Recognizance sworn, taken, or acknowledged at any Petty Sessions in Ireland shall be transmitted by the Magistrates at such Sessions, or the Clerk of such Petty Sessions, to the Clerk of the Crown of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town in which such Sessions are holden, if the same shall relate to any Matter to be

6&7GuLlV. N tried

Clerk of Petty Sessions to keep an Account of Fines pam&v him.

Clerks of Petty Sessions to make Returns to the Chief or Under Secretary.

Informations, &c. taken before Justices to be transmitted to Clerk of Petty Sessions, and a List thereof forwarded by him to Chief Secretary every Three Months.

Informations, &c. at Petty Sessions to be transmitted in 14 Days from the Committal or Bailment of the Accused.

178

C.S4.

6'&7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

9 G. 4. c. 5*.

One Justice may act at Petty Sessions in certain Cases.

tried or inquired into at the Assizes, and if to any Matter to be tried or inquired into at the Quarter Sessions, then to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, City, or Town, Fourteen Days at the latest from the Date of the Committal for Trial, or of the Bailment of the Party or Parties accused by or in such Informations, or of the taking of such Recognizance, as the Case may be, together with all such Informations, Examinations, and Recognizances taken by or before a Justice or Justices not sitting in Petty Sessions as may then be in the Hands of such Petty Sessions Clerk, any thing in the said recited Act, or in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the Clerk of the Petty Sessions shall on every such Information and Recognizance endorse the true Date of its being so transmitted, and shall, on the Day before the Day for holding each Petty Session, enter in the Book containing an Entry of the Proceedings at the Petty Sessions, an Account in Writing stating the Particulars of the Informations so transmitted by him since the last Sitting of Such Petty Sessions, and to whom transmitted, and shall sign such Account; and if any Clerk of Petty Sessions shall omit or neglect to transmit any such Examination, Information, or Recognizance to the Officer to whom it ought to be transmitted within the Time aforesaid, or to enter or sign such Account as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such Omission or Neglect a Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered, by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister of the County, by any Person who will sue for the same.

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act amongst other ' Things enacted," that every Warrant, Information, Conviction,

Committal, Recognizance, or Order of the Justices of Petty Sessions shall be signed by Two Justices at the least," and in

consequence of said Enactment requiring the Attendance of Two c Justices at every Petty Sessions, frequent Adjournments of such

Petty Sessions have taken place from the Non-attendance of a ' sufficient Number of Justices, although in many Cases One

Justice would be legally competent to transact certain Parts of the Business to be disposed of at such Petty Sessions; ' for Remedy whereof in such Cases, be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases in which by Law any Warrant, Conviction, Committal, or Order may be made, or if that Act had not been passed might have been made by, or any Information or Recognizance taken before One Justice of the Peace alone, it shall and .may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace attending alone at the Time and Place fixed for holding any Petty Sessions to proceed in open Court, notwithstanding the Absence of any other Justice or Justices, to hear, determine, and dispose of all Complaints, Informations, Matters, and Things whatsoever then ready to be heard, determined, and disposed of at such Petty Sessions, which One Justice of the Peace is or may be by Law competent to hear, determine, or dispose of, or which might have been heard, determined, or disposed of by One Justice if that Act had not passed, and to sign any Warrant, Conviction, Order, or Committal and to take any Information or Recognizance upon or relating

8 to

JJXMNL 6* & 1° GULIELMI IV. C.S4,

179

to every Suit, Complaint, Information, Matter, of Thing which by Law One Justice sitting alone is or may be empowered to sign or take, or could have signed or taken if that Act had not been passed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace at Petty Sessions or elsewhere, who shall receive any Information on Oath from any Person complaining of his or her having been assaulted, and who shall thereupon sign any Summons or Warrant against any Person or Persons in order to their attending at any Petty Sessions to answer such Complaint, shall be at liberty, if he shall think fit, before issuing such Summons or Warrant to be served or executed, to bind the Party or Parties Complainants in such Information, by Recognizance to our Lord the King, in a Sam not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to attend and prosecute their said Information at such Petty Sessions; and it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at such Petty Sessions or any One acting as aforesaid, if he or they shall think fit, to estreat any such Recognizance on Default of the Party or Parties thereto in not attending and prosecuting their said Complaint and Information, and to return the same to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town; and it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister at the next Quarter Sessions, if he shall think fit, to issue his Decree for the levying of the whole of the Sums secured by such Recognizance, or such Part thereof as he shall think proper, and to direct the same to be paid to such Infirmary, Hospital, or Dispensary as he shall think fit, and such Decree shall have the Force of 'any Decree of such Assistant Barrister, and shall be in such Form as he shall think proper.

IX. And be it enacted, That in every Civil or Criminal Proceeding in which any Justice or Justices of the Peace has or have or shall under any Act to be hereafter passed have Jurisdiction to hear and determine any Complaint, such Justice or Justices shall have full Power and Authority to compel the Attendance of any Person resident or being within the County or District for which he or they is or are a Justice or Justices, as a Witness at any Petty Sessions on the Hearing of such Complaint, and to examine neb Person as to the Matter of such Complaint, or the Defence thereto, and to punish such Person for Disobedience to any Summons requiring him to attend, or for refusing to be examined, as fully as any such Justice or Justices could do if such Person had been summoned to give Evidence at any General Sessions of the Peace in any Criminal Matter, and had refused to obey such Summons or to give Evidence.

X. And whereas by Law many Fines and Penalties and Portious of Fines and Penalties are made payable to the Infirmary

of the County, City, Town, or Place wherein the Conviction ' shall take place, and it is in some Cases doubtful to what Infir-

mary the same should be paid, and it may be expedient from 1 Time to Time to direct the Payment of such Monies to particular Local Charities; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at Petty Sessions, not less than Three being present, to declare and fix to what infirmary or Infirmaries, Hospital or Hospitals, Dispensary or Dispensaries, supported in whole or in part by Presentment of any

Justices to bind Parties complaining of Assaults in Recognizances to attend Petty Sessions and prosecute.

Recognizances may be estreated if Party fail to attend.

Justices empowered to compel Witnesses to attend at Petty Sessions.

Justices at Petty Sessions may fix the Infirmary, &c. to which Fines at Petty Sessions are to be paid.

180

C. 34.

6° & 7s GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 18S6,

Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Crown to keep an Office, to be attended by himself or some competent Person Three Hours a Day.

Fee for engrossing I nformstions not to exceed Two Shillings.

Grand Jury, the Fines and Penalties imposed at every or any Petty Sessions holden within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and payable by Law to the Infirmary of the County, City, Town, or Place wherein the Conviction shall take place, shall be paid, and from Time to Time to alter every such Place of Payment as they may think fit; and the Clerk of Petty Sessions shall insert all Receipts and Payments made, together with the Name of the Institution to which such Payments are made, in the proper Columns of the Schedule to be returned every Three Months to the Chief Secretary for Ireland, according to the Provisions of the Fourth Section of this Act and the Form of Return annexed, which Return is to be signed by the Clerk of the Petty Sessions, and countersigned by the Justices; and every such Infirmary, Hospital, and Dispensary so fixed by such Grand Jury shall be deemed entitled to the Payment of such Fine and Fines, and to all the Remedies for the Recovery and enforcing the Payment of and accounting for the same provided by Law for enforcing such Payment and Account to any County Infirmary.

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Person who now holds or shall at any Time hereafter hold the Office of Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Crown of any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland shall keep, in the Place or Town in the County, City, or Town of which he shall be such Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace in which the Assizes for such County, Town, or City are or shall be holden, an Office in which he or some sufficient and competent Person appointed by him shall attend, and such Office shall be kept open every Day, except Sunday, Good Friday, and Christmas Day, from the Hour of Twelve of the Clock until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and if any Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Crown shall omit or neglect to keep such Office open, and to attend by himself or some sufficient Person in the same during the said Period of Three Hours in each Day, or any Part thereof, he shall, for every such Omission or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who wiljl sue for the same by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister having Jurisdiction to determine Causes by Civil Bill in the Place or District in j which such Office is or ought to be kept, or by Action in any of the Superior Courts, and such Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Crown shall and may be fined (whether sued for such Penalty or not) by any Judge of Assize in such Place such Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as he shall think proper for such Omission or Neglect.

XII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Clerk of Petty Sessions in Ireland to demand or receive for engrossing or preparing any Number of Informations relating to the same Transaction any greater Fee or Reward than the Sum of Two Shillings, and that he shall not demand or receive from any Person any Fee for engrossing or preparing any Recognizance unless he shall be required by such Person, or some Person on his Behalf, to prepare the same.

N3 ' f CAP.

SCHEDULE.

County of Barony of

Return of Proceedings in Petty Sessions held at during the Quarter ended the Day of

for the District of One thousand eight hundred and

Clerk of Petty Sessions.

Bate of Transmission to Chief or Under Secretary.

Attending Magistrates, and the Number of their respective Attendances in the Quarter. Total Number of Informations submitted to the Magistrates. Of which there were Dates when returned and Number returned on each Day. Number of Civil Case* Amount of Fees received, and how applied. Amount of Fines and Penalties paid to the Clerk or Justice* and how disposed of

Adjudicated summarily. Returned for Trial

To the Clerk of the Crown. To the Clerk of the Peace.

A.B. Eaq. - 6 C.D. Ewj. - 4 et artera, et cetera.

N.B.-In the Column of Remarks the Clerk of Petty Session* must state the Number of Days on which Petty Sessions were holden in the Quarter, and also the Number of Days on which Petty Sessions were not holden in mtermieiw* of the Non-.attendance of Magistrate* 1 QC

A.D. 18S6. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 81

182

C. 35»

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. lwo

55G. 3* c. 152. '

1 & 2 G. 4. C. 90. 4G. 4. 0.74.

7 G. 4. c. 76.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 35. 9 G. 4. c. 75. S&4W.4. c. 43.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for further improving the Road between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury.

[14th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the

" Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury; and by the said Act certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the same into exe-

cution: And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for further improving the Roads between London

and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead; and by the said Act certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the same into execution, and various Powers were given to the said Commissioners: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for further extending the Powers of an Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth, and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead, and of the Road from London to Liverpool: And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead, and of the 9 Road from London to Liverpool: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for transferring to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods and Forests the several Powers now vested in the Holyhead Road Commissioners, and for discharging the last-mentioned Commissioners from the future Repairs and Maintenance of the Roads, Harbours, and Bridges now under their Care and Management / and by the said Act it was directed that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, and such other Person or Persons as should be nominated and appointed in manner therein mentioned, should be Commissioners for carrying into execution the Powers and Provisions of the several therein and herein before recited Acts and that Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years

of

A.D. 1896. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests,

4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to pay the net Proceeds

of the Tods of the Menai and Conway Bridges into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund: And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunstable in the County of Bedford to the Pondyards t* the County of Hertford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for continuing and 4 (Bunding an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunstable to Hockliffe in the County of Bedford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stoney Stratford in the County of Buckingham: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old 1 Stratford in the County of Northampton to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge in the County of Warwick: And whereas an Act 4 was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth,

4 Twenty-eighth. Thirty-sixth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Fortyseventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof, and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and alter an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in 1 the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under severed Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-sixth, Fortyfirst. Forty-second, Forty-seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His then preseat Majesty from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof,

and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts passed for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

N 4- 4 An

183

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 66.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 107. 54 G. 3. c. 121. 21 G. 4. c. 83.

3 G. 4. c. 91.

5 G. 4. c. 43.

59 G. S. c. 30.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 21.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 24.

184

C. 35.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

3 & 4 W. 4. C.S2.

Commissioners.

Exchequer BUI Commissioners to issue to the Commissioners under 8 & 4 W. 4. c. 43. the Sum of 64, 5001

Such Commis-uoners there* upon to execute an Instrument acknowledging the Advance, and undertaking to apply the same as herein directed.

An Act to amend the several Acts authorizing Advances for cariyi*9 091 Public Works: And whereas it would be of great ' public Benefit if the said Commissioners for the Issue of ' Exchequer Bills, acting in execution of the said Two last recited Acts, were authorized and empowered to advance to the ' Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act 1 of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty a Sum of Money in order that the Alterations and lm' provements mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked (A.)

to this Act annexed may be made, and the said Money applied ' for such Purpose to and amongst the several Trustees referred to ' in the said Schedule, in such Proportions as the said last-mentioned Commissioners may direct and appoint May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That die Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and their Successors, shall be Commissioners for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and making and completing the said several Alterations and Improvements on the said Roads described and set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and they are hereby authorized, on Application being made to them by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to advance to them the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or as they may direct or appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money in Exchequer Bills, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty-four thousand five hundred Pounds, upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills making such Advance to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall execute an Instrument in Writing in such Form as the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills shall direct and appoint, in which Instrument the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first* recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall acknowledge the Receipt of the said Exchequer Bills, and shall undertake to apply the Produce thereof in the Manner in which the same ought to be applied in pursuance of the Directions herein-after contained, and shall also undertake to pay to them the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or as they may direct, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall from Time to Time receive on account of the Repayment of any Advance, and the Interest thereof, when and as the same shall be received by them under the Power *

herein-

6°& 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

185

herein-after contained, and shall further undertake to put in force, if necessary, the several Powers and Remedies herein-after given them for obtaining Payment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in execatioo of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall apply the Sums so to be advanced to them by the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills as aforesaid in the Manner following; (that is to say,) any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule marked (A.) to this Act in the Rood within the Limits and District of the Dunstable Trust; any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule in the Road within the Limits and District of the Puddle Hill Trust; any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule in the Road within the Limits and District of the Hockliffe and Stratford Trust; any Sam not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule in the Road within the Limits and District of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, and in paying for other Improvements and Alterations within the said Trust; any Sam not exceeding the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule in the Road within the Limits and District of the Dimchurch and Stonebridge Trust; and any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds in the making and completing the Alterations and Improvements mentioned in the said Schedule in the Road within die Limits and District of the Shrewsbury and Holyhead Trust

V. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found that any or either of the Sums herein-before authorized to be appropriated by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in making and completing the Alterations and Improvements in the Roads herein-before mentioned, shall be more than is required for the Purposes for which the same shall have been advanced, the Surplus thereof shall be applied by the said last-mentioned Commissioners in making such other Improvements as they shall think proper on any Part of the said Road from London to Holyhead which shall be within the same Trust.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given by the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the said Commissioners acting in execution thereof, either expressly or by reference to former Acts, and all the Clauses and Provisions therein contained, or such of the said Clauses and Provisions as are in any Manner applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be and they are hereby extended in such Manner as that the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said last-mentioned Act shall be enabled to make the Alterations and Improvements herein-before directed to be made, and shall have all Facilities and Advantages for enabling

them

Manner in which the said Advances shall be applied.

Application of Surplus.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act, and particularly the Power of purchasing Land.

C.S5.

6 & 7 GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Powers and Provisions of 7 G. 4. c. 76. as to Purchases extended to this Act.

Power to take down Houses in Schedule (B.) on giving Notice and tendering Satisfaction.

them to make the tame* as fully, amply, and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same Powers, Authorities, Clauses, and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in and by this present Act with reference to the said Alterations and Improvements, and particularly that the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall have the same Power of taking and acquiring any Ground or Materials which may be required for the Purpose of making the said Alterations and Improvements as in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third is given to the Commissioners acting under that Act of taking and acquiring any such Ground or Materials as may be necessary for repairing, altering, making, or constructing the Roads in that Act mentioned or referred to; and all the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, with respect to the taking or acquiring of any Ground to be so taken and acquired by the Commissioners acting under that Act, shall be and they are hereby extended and made applicable to the acquiring or taking by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty of any Ground which may be required for the Purpose of making the Alterations and Improvements herein-before mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth contained with respect to the purchasing or otherwise acquiring of and making Satisfaction for Injury or Damage to the Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards, Grounds, and Lands by that Act authorized to be purchased, acquired, used, or taken by the Commissioners therein named, shall equally apply to the purchasing or otherwise acquiring by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under the Powers of this Act, and to the paying and making Satisfaction for the Houses, Gardens, Lawns, Orchards, Grounds, and Lands by this Act authorized to be purchased, acquired, taken, or used, in the same Manner, or as nearly so as Circumstances will admit, as they would if the same were so purchased, acquired, taken, or used by the said Commissioners under the Powers and Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh Year aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

VIII. And whereas for the Purposes of making several of the Alterations and Improvements herein-before directed to be made 1 it will be expedient and necessary to take and make use of the Gardens, Orchards, and Grounds specified and described in the ' Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to take and make use of any of the Gardens, Orchards, or Grounds described in the said Schedule marked (B.) , if they shall deem it necessary or expedient to take or make use of the same, for the Purpose of making the Alterations and Improvements in this Act mentioned;

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35. 167

but flie said last-mentioned Commissioners, previously to their taking any such Gardens, Orchards, or Grounds, shall give Six Months Notice in Writing to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof of their Intention so to do, and shall also first make such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Gardens, Orchards, or Grounds, as shall be agreed upon between him, her, or them, and the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or as shall be ascertained by a Jury in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Gardens, Orchards, or Grounds mentioned and described in the said Schedule marked (B.) to this Act, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation the same or any Part thereof are or is stated or described to be, shall happen to be omitted, misnamed, or inaccurately described, then and in such Case if it shall appear to any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein the same shall be situated* and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Omission, Misnomer, or inaccurate Description proceeded from Mistake, shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, but the same Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be purchased and sold or assessed and valued in manner herein mentioned, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Purposes of making the Alterations and Improvements herein-before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same was or were properly named and described in the said Schedule.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall and may and they are hereby empowered and required to make such Contracts and Agreements as they shall think proper, with skilful Persons and their Sureties, for the carrying on, making, and completing of the Alterations and Improvements herein-before mentioned, and to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, who shall from Time to Time, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expences thereof; and such Payments shall from Time to Time be placed to the Account of the Trusts in the Limits or Districts of which the Expences shall be incurred; and all the said Alterations and Improvements herein-before directed to be made and completed on the said Roads shall be done by Contract, and in no other Way.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every new Piece of Road which shall be made, altered, or improved under the Provisions herein contained shall be open to the Public as soon as the same shall be completed, and shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be and shall become to all Intents and Purposes a Part of that Road to which the old Road or Part of a Road in lieu of or for the Improvement of which such new Piece of Road shall have been made did belong before the making of such new Piece of Road, and dull be vested in the Trustees or Commissioners in whom such old Road or Part of a Road shall have been vested, and shall be maintained and repaired by them, and shall be subject to all such Trusts, and to all such Acta of Parliament, and to all such Provisions

Omissions or Misnomers in the Schedule (B.) not to retard the Execution of the Act.

Commissioners required to make Contracts for making the Improvements.

New Roads, as soon as completed and opened to the Public, to be-cifne Part of the old Road *

C.S5. '

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Power to the Trustees of the Dunstable Trust to take Tolls.

Tolls.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day, except for Stage Coaches and Caravans.

Application of the Tolls to be collected by the DunstableTrust in the new Lfhe of Road.

visions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, as such ol<\ Hoad or Part of a Road shall have been subject to immediately before such new Piece of Road shall be completed and opened to the Public as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, when and so soon as the new Piece of Road mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, intended to be made within the Dunstable Trust, shall be opened to the Public, to cause a Toll Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, and Side Gate or Gates, with a Toll House or Toll Houses, to be erected and set up on or by the Side of such Part or Parts of the said new Road as to them shall seem most convenient, and on or by the Side of such Part or Parts of the old Road where the same shall form a Junction and unite with the said new' Piece of Road; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Dunstable Trust acting under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, when and as soon as such Toll Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, and Side Gate or Gates, and Toll House or Houses shall be completed, to take, demand, and collect of the Person or Persons attending any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Ban or Side Gates, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same, the Tolls following; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, or other Beast of Draught

drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing,

the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

Which respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be taken as aforesaid shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed: Provided always, that no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the next succeeding Night, with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, and Carriage, through the Toil Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act (save and except from Stage Coaches and Caravans travelling for Hire, which shall pay each and every Time of passing through the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes).

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Tolls to be collected and taken by the Trustees of the Dunstabk Trust under the Authority of this Act shall, after deducting the Expences of collecting and receiving the same, be annually accounted for and paid over by the said Trustees to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Amount of the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in making and completing the said new Piece of Road, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cpntum per Annum, to be computed

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

189

on the said Sum or Sums from the Time of advancing the same, shall have been paid off and discharged; the said Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum on so much of the said Principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced as aforesaid as shall from Time to Time remain due to be in the first place paid; and the Balance which shall from Time to Time arise from the said Tolls shall be applied, so far as the same may extend, in discharge of the said Principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced as aforesaid; and when and so soon as the said Principal Money, together with the Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged, the said Trustees of the Dunstable Trust shall cease to collect the said Toik

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall The new Tolls and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the Dunstable Trust,

and they are hereby authorized and empowered, (by and with the the PunsuT

Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners acting in execution ble Trust (with

of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Consent of

Reign of His present Majesty, such Consent to be testified in Commissioners

Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three of them,) u"deI thLrAct\

to take, demand, recover, and levy the said Tolls hereby autho- °t Turnpike

rized to be taken, collected, and received by them on the said Gate within the

last-mentioned new Road, at any other Turnpike or Gate in the Dunstable

Line of Road within the Dunstable Trust, in lieu of collecting and Trust.

receiving the same at the Toll Gates or Bars and Side Gates and

Toll Houses herein-before authorized to be erected and set up on such new Road as aforesaid; and such Tolls shall and may be

demanded, taken, collected, and recovered by the said Trustees at

such other Turnpike or Gate as aforesaid, by and under all such

and the like Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Remedies as are herein given to them for receiving, collecting, and recovering the

game at the said Toll Gate or Gates, and Bar or Bars, and Side

Gate or Gates herein-before authorized to be erected and set up as

aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Separate Ac-old and new Tolls shall be collected and received at the same count* to be Gate, a separate and distinct Account shall be kept by the Trus- kept2f

tees of the Dunstable Trust of the new Toll or Tolls herein-before new oU*i authorized and directed to be collected and received by them in respect of the new Line of Road.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Trustee* of new Piece of Road, mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, DunstableTrust herein-before authorized and directed to be made within the

Dutiable Trust, shall be completed and opened to the Public, ^dPieceof

the said Trustees of the Dunstable Trust shall be and they are Rood.

hereby discharged and freed from the future Repairs and Support

of the old Piece of Road in lieu of which such new Piece of Road

shall be made; and such old Piece of Road shall from thenceforth

cease sad be no longer continued as a Turnpike Road.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as The Loon to the the Alterations and Improvements, mentioned in the Schedule (A.) Puddle Hill

to this Act intended to be made on the Road within the Puddle J^or°eon>me Hill Trust, shall be completed by the Commissioners acting in to be paid execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth out of the Tolls Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Sum of Ten arising from the

thousand

V *

C. 85.

6» & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Roads within their Trust.

In case'Trustees of the Puddle Hill Trust neglect to pay Instalments of Principal and Interest, the Commissioners may take possession of Toll Gates, and collect the Tolls.

Power for Commissioners under Act of 3 & 4 W. 4. to agree with the Trustees of the Puddle Hill Trust that the Alterations in their Road may be done under their own Care and Manage-tnoqt.

thousand Pounds herein-before authorized and directed to be appropriated by the said Commissioners in making and completing such Alterations and Improvements shall become a Charge on the Tolls, Rates, and Duties authorized and directed to be collected and received by the said Trustees acting in execution of the said recited Act of1 the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Dunstable to Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, on the Roads within the said Trust; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said Tolls, Rates, and Duties, to pay to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds at the least, by Two equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of January and [the First Day of July in each Year, the first of such half-yearly Payments to begin and be made on such of those Days as shall first happen next after the Alterations and Improvements herein-before mentioned shall be commenced, until the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed on the said Sum or Sums from the Time of advancing the same, on such Part or Parts of the said Principal Money as shall from Time to Time remain due and unpaid, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said last-mentioned Trustees shall make Default in Payment of the said annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to enter upon and take possession of the Toll Gates, Bars, and Toll Houses of the said Trustees, and to retain the same, and to collect, receive, take, and recover the Tolls arising upon, the said Roads under the Care of such Trustees, subject nevertheless to the Expence of the necessary Repairs of such Road or Roads, until the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, together with the Interest for the same, and the Expences of such Seizure, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to exercise and put in force all the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, and Provisions which might be put in force by the said last-mentioned Trustees for the demanding, receiving, and recovering the said Tolls.

XIX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That in case the said Trustees acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be desirous to conduct and complete the Alterations and Improvements by this Act authorized and directed to be made on the Road within the Limits of their Trust, under their own Care and Management, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make any Agreement they may think proper with the said Trustees for the making and

completing

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

completing by them of such Alterations, Repairs, and Improvements, according to such Plan as shall be previously approved by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and under the Direction and Superintendence of the Surveyor to be by them employed, and also to authorize and appoint the said Trustees, or some Person or Persons on their Behalf, from Time to Time, under such Regular tioos as the said Commissioners shall direct, to draw for the necessary Sums to defray the Expences thereof; and such Payments shall from Time to Time be placed to the Account of the said Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Road, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to continue the additional Tolls by them imposed and raised, and now levied for the Purpose of paying off the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds advanced under the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth by the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to the Commissioners for executing that Act, on account of and appropriated to the making of certain Improvements, Repairs, and Alterations, specified and described in the Schedule (A.) to the said Act, in the Roads within the Limits of the said Trust, and also the farther Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds advanced under the Po^rs and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth on account of the said Improvements, Repairs, and Alterations, and in making other Improvements between Hockliffe and Stratford, and also the further Sum of Four thousand seven hundred Pounds advanced under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth in making other Improvements in the said Road within the said Trust, and also such further Sum, not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to have been laid out and applied by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth in further Improvements on the said Road between Hockliffe and Stratford, and all Interest due or to become due on the said Advances, until as well the said last-mentioned several Sums, and all Interest due or to become due thereon respectively, as also the Principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Road to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as hereinafter directed, together with all Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Road, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional ToUs (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of the said several Sums of Seven thousand Pounds, One thousand five hundred Pounds, Four thousand seven hundred Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively

191

Trustees of Hockliffe and Stratford Road to continue additional Tolls.

Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Road to pay to Commissioners out of additional Tolls the Sums advanced under this Act for

192

C. 35.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Improvements within their District

Commissioners under the Act of S&4 W. 4. to erect Toll Gates, &c. on new Piece of Road within the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust

Power for the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to take Tolls.

Tolls.

spectively as may be due and unpaid, and the Interest thereon, or on such Part or Parts thereof respectively,) to repay to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and to be applied in making and completing the Alterations and Improvements of the Road within the said Trust mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, together with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last-mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from Time to Time remain due and unpaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby authorized and required, when and so soon as the new Piece of Road, mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, intended to be made within the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, shall be opened to the Public, to cause a Toll Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, and Side Gate or Gates, with a Toll House or Toll Houses, to be erected and set up on or by the Side of such Part or Parts of the said new Road as to them shall seem most convenient, and on or by the Side of such Part or Parts of the old Road where the same shall form a Junction and unite with the said new Piece of Road; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, acting under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, when and as soon as such Toll Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, and Side Gate or Gates, and Toll House or Houses, shall be completed, to take, demand, and collect of the Person or Persons attending any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Bars or Side Gates, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same, the Tolls following; (that is to say,)

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Barouche, Chaise Marine, Calash, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such like Carriage, if drawn by more than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and if drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and if drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and if drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, or Bullock drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drag, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Timber Carriage or Drag so constructed as that the Distance between the Axletrees shall be more than Nine Feet, and laden otherwise than with a single Piece or Block of Timber or Stone, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence 10 Halfpenny,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

19&

Halfpenny, over and above the Toll or Duty herein-before made payable for such Carriage and the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Seven-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of them:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of them:

And every Hone, Beast, or Cattle, Carriage or Thing, upon which any Toll is herein-before imposed, that shall pass through any Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act on every Sunday, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on the next succeeding Night, Double the Tolls or Sums of Money hereinbefore mentioned and made payable in respect thereof at any other Time:

Which respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be taken as aforesaid shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-ah :r is directed: Provided always, Tolls to be paid that no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any but on°?aPay' Person or Persons for pawing and repassing on the same Day, for to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of Caravans?0 the Clock on the next succeeding Night, with the same Horse,

Beast, Cattle, and Carriage through the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, save and except from Stage Coaches and Caravans travelling for Hire, which shall pay each and every Time of pawing through the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the said Application of Tolls to be collected and taken by the Trustees of the Stratford }he Money am-and Zhenchurch Trust, under the Authority of this Act as herein- big by the Tolls, before mentioned, shall, after deducting the Expences of collecting and receiving the same, be annually accounted for and paid over by the said Trustees of the said Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Amount of the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and applied in making and completing the said new Piece of Road, and in paying for other Improvements and Alterations within the said Trust as aforesaid, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed on the said Sum or Sums from the Time of advancing the same, shall have been paid off and discharged; the said Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum on so much of such Principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced as aforesaid as shall from Time to Time remain due to be in the first place paid; and the Balance which shall from Time to Time arise from the said Tolls shall be applied, so far as the same may extend, in discharge of the said Principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced as aforesaid; and when and so soon as the said Principal Money, together with the Interest thereon, shall be folly paid off and discharged, the said Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust shall cease to collect the said Tolls.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. O

194

C. 35.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Trustees of Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to repay out of old Tolls the annual Sum of 6002. to the Commissioners under the Act of S & 4 W. 4.

Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to continue additional Tolls.

Trustees of Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to apply additional Tolls, subject to existing Charges, in Repayment of Sums advanced under this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in addition to the Tolls herein-before authorized to be taken, collected, and received by the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, and directed to be accounted for and paid over by them to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the Tolls raised and levied by them within the Limits of their Trust under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth as aforesaid, to pay to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid the annua) Sum of Six hundred Pounds, until the said Principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, to continue the additional Tolls by them imposed and raised and now levied for the Purpose of paying off the Sum of Five thousand Pounds advanced by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to be applied by them to the Use of the said Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, as directed by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, until as well the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds so advanced, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, as also the Principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as herein-afW directed, together with all Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional Tolls, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereon,) to repay to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and to be applied in Repayment of the Money already expended by the said Trustees in Improvements and Alterations within the said Trust, and in making and completing the before-mentioned new Piece of Road within the said Trust, together with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last-mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from Time to Time remain due and unpaid.

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

105

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the new Piece of Road, mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, herein-before authorized and directed to be made within the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust shall be completed and opened to the Public, the said Trustees of the Stratford and Dnchurch Trust shall be and they are hereby discharged and freed from the future Repairs and Support of the old Piece of Hoad in lieu of which such new Piece of Road shall be made, and such old Piece of Road shall from thenceforth cease and be no longer continued as a Turnpike Road.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to continue the several additional and other Tolls by them imposed and raised and now levied under the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Eighth and Ninth Years of the Heign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for the Purpose of paying off the several Sums of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, Two thousand Pounds, Twelve thousand Pounds, and Four thousand Pounds in the said Acts mentioned, and a further Sum, not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Interest due and to become due on the said several and respective Sums, until as well the said last-mentioned several Sums, and all Interest due or to become due thereon respectively, as also the Principal Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as herein-after directed, together with Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be bnrfol for the Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust, and they are hereby authorized and required, with and out of the said additional and other Tolls, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of the said several Sums of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, Two thousand Pounds, Twelve thousand Pounds, Four thousand Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as may be now due and unpaid, and the Interest thereon or on such Part or Parts thereof respectively,) to repay to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the Sum or Sums to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and to be applied in making and completing the Alterations and Improvements of the Road within the said Trust mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, together with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Ammm, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of the advancing thereof, on so much of the said last-mentioned Sum or Sums as shall from Time to Time remain due and unpaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Treat, and they are hereby authorized and required, if they shall dunk it expedient so to do, to remove and take down the Toll Gate

0 2 or

Trustees of Stratford and Dunchurch Trust discharged from Repairs of old Piece of Road.

Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust to continue additional and other Tolls.

Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust to repay, out of additional and other Tolls, the Sums advanced under this Act for Improvements within their District

Trustees of Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust may remove Toll Gates

C. 35.

6# &7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

in Much Park Street, and near Saint John's Church, in the City of Coventry, and levy Tolls at other Gates.

Commissioners of Shrewsbury and|Holyhead Road empowered to take additional Tolls.

Tolls.

Such additional Tolls to be applied in payment of the Sum of 4,000*. and Interest.

or Bar and Toll House now standing and being in 3fuck Park Street in the City of Coventry, or to sell and dispose of the same; and to take, demand, recover, and levy at the Toll Gate or Bar called the Ryton Gate, within the Dimchurch and Stontbridgt Trust, in addition to the Tolls now collected and taken by the said Trustees at such Gate, the Tolls now collected and taken by the said Trustees at the Toll Gate at Much Park Street aforesaid, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions in every respect; and also to remove and take down the Toll Gate or Bar and Toll House near Saint Johns Church in the said City of Coventry called The Saint John's Church Gate, or to sell and dispose of the same, and to take, demand, recover, and levy at the Toll Gates or Bars called the AUesley Gates, within the Ihtnchurch and Stone-bridge Trust, in addition to the Tolls now collected and taken by the said Trustees at such last-mentioned Gates, the Tolls now collected and taken by the said Trustees at the said Toll Gate near Saint Johns Church aforesaid, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions in every respect

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and they are hereby authorised and required, when and so soon as the Alterations and Improvements, mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, intended to be made in the Line of Road between Shrewsbury in the County of Salop and the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry, shall be completed, to demand and take, over and above and in addition to die other Tolls by the said bet-mentioned Act directed to be taken, collected, and received by the said Commissioners at the respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in or upon the said Line of Road between Shrewsbury and the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry, the following additional Tolls; (that is to say,)

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or such like Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Threepence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or Mule drawing any Waggon, Cart, or such like Carriage, any Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing* any Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny:

And the said additional Tolls shall be continued to be taken and collected until the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds hereinbefore authorized to be applied in making the Alterations and Improvements in the Road betwen Shrewsbury and the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry, together with Interest for the same at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act oi the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georgt the Third, and they are hereby authorized and required, to apply the Monies arising from the said additional Tolls to be so collected as aforesaid in repaying to the said Commissioners acting in execution

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

ration of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to be applied, under the Provisions herein-before contained, in making the Alterations and Improvements in the Road between Shrewsbury and the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry, together with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing the same, on so much of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds as shall be for the Time being due and unpaid, such Interest to be paid by Two half-yearly Payments in every Year; and when and as soon as the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, together with the Interest thereon, shall be fully paid off and discharged, the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall cease to collect the said additional Tolls.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Tolls on the Road between Shrewsbury and the Distance of Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry shall be let, the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall keep distinct Accounts of the said additional Tolls, and of the ordinary Tolls by the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third authorized to be taken on the said Road.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, collected, and received by the Trustees of the Dunstable Trust and the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust on the new Pieces of Road hereinbefore authorized and directed to be made within the Limits of those Trusts, and the additional Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, collected, and received] by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, shall and may be demanded, taken, collected, and recovered by the said Trustees and Commissioners respectively by and under all such and the like Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Remedies as other Tolls now are demanded, taken, collected, and recovered on the several Roads now under the Management of the said Trustees and Commissioners respectively; and all and every Act, and all Clauses, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions, relating to the several Roads within the Limits and Districts of such Trustees and Commissioners respectively, and to the Tolls taken thereon, shall be in full Force, Operation, and Effect, as far as the same are applicable, to the said new and additional Tolls hereby authorized to be taken thereon respectively, and shall be exercised and put in force by the said Trustees and Commissioners respectively as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in and by this Act with relation to the said new and additional Tolls hereby authorized to be collected; and also that the several additional and other Tolls which are and which are to be continued to be levied and reused by the Trustees of the Hockliffe and Stratford Trust, the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, 'and the Trustees of the Dunchurch and Stonebridge Trust, as hereta-befere is directed, shall, during the Time that they are hereby required to be continued, respectively be levied and raised


197

Distinct Accounts to be kept of the additional Tolls so taken.

Tolls to be continued subject to existing Powers and Provisions, with Power for Commissioners under the Acts of 3 & 4 W. 4. to take possession of Toll Gates, in case of Default.

C. 35.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

In case any Act under which Trustees are appointed should expire* the Commissioners may take possession of Toll Gates, and levy Tolls until Money advanced is repaid.

And be accounted for and paid oyer in the Manner and under the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts under which such additional and other Tolls are now collected and taken by such respective Trustees; and in case this said respective Trustees or Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall refuse or neglect to levy, collect, or continue the said additional or other Tolls respectively, or shall lower the same, or shall make default in payment of the Sum or Sums to be paid by them as herein-before directed* or the Interest thereof respectively, before the same Sons and the Interest thereof respectively shall be fully paid off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to enter upon and take possession of the Toll Gates, Bars, and Toll Houses of the Trustees or Commissioners making default, and to collect, take, receive, and recover the Tolls arising on the Roads under the Care of the Trustees or Commissioners making default, and to pay over and apply the same in manner directed by the said several Acts under which such additional and other Tolls are now raised, collected, and taken by such Trustees and Commissioners respectively, and by this Act, and to execute all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities in and by the said several Acts in such Case given, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in and by this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament, under the Powers and Authorities of which any of the Roads hereby intended to be altered and improved are now repaired and maintained, shall expire, and shall not be renewed, whereby any of the Trusts mentioned and specified in the said Schedule (A.) to this Act shall be dissolved, and the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Act or Acts of Parliament so expiring discharged, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to take possession of the Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses on the Road or Roads previously maintained and repaired under the Powers and Provisions of such expired Act or Acts, and to continue in possession thereof, and to take, collect, demand, and recover all such Tolls as the Trustees under the said expired Act or Acts of Parliament were, previously to the Expiration thereof, entitled to take, collect, demand, and recover, until the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be repaid and reimbursed such Principal Sum of Money as shall under the Provisions of this Act be due and payable to them, at the Expiration of such Act or Acts* from the Trustees of the Road previously repaired under the Provisions of such expired Act or Acts, together with all Interest, thereon, and the Charges and Expences of collecting the same; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures* and Remedies of such expired Act or Acts shall continue and be in force and available in Law, as far as the same may be necessary and required, for enabling the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Ax*t of the Third and Fourth Year off

14 tlio

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35. 199

the Reign of His present Majesty to collect, demand, and recover the said last-mentioned Tolls, and until the said Principal Sum due and owing to the said last-mentioned Commissioners, together with the Interest thereof, and the Expences of taking possession of the said Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses, and of collecting and receiving the said Tolls, shall be fully paid off and discharged:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be Commissioners construed to extend to make liable the said Commissioners for not liable for executing the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year Repairs of of the Reign of His present Majesty to any Charges for the Repairs Roads* of any Road on which they shall collect and receive the Tolls.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where Commissioners Power is herein-before given to the said Commissioners for executing may grantOnier the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the ToSln Gmm3 Reign of His present Majesty to seize and collect the Tolls on any Defimit of Road the Trustees or Commissioners of which shall neglect or Trustees, refuse to levy, collect, or continue the said additional or other

Tolls hereby directed to be taken, collected, and continued thereon, or shall lower the same, or shall make Default in the Payments hereby required to be made for paying off. and discharging any Sum of Money by this Act charged on such Trustees or Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and they are hereby authorized, to grant an Order under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them to any Person or Persons, authorizing and requiring such Person or Persons to seize the Tolls then collected and taken by the Trustees or Commissioners so refusing or making default; and the Person or Persons to whom such Order shall be directed is and are hereby authorized, immediately on receiving such Order, by himself or themselves, or such other Person or Persons os he or they shall employ for the Purpose, forthwith to take possession of the Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses of the Trustees or Commissioners so refusing or neglecting or making default as aforesaid, and to take, collect, and receive the Tolls which such Trustees or Commissioners would otherwise hatfe taken, collected, and received; and the said Person or Persons so executing the said Older shall continue in possession of the said Toll Gates or Bars and Toll Houses, and continue to take, collect, and receive the said Tolls, and account for the same to the said Commissioners for executing the said first recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Principal Sum charged on and payable by the Trustees or Commissioners so refusing or neglecting or making default, together with the Interest thereon, shall be fully paid and discharged.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons Penalty for ob-authorized to enter upon and take possession of the said Toll Gates ^meting Per-or Bars as aforesaid shall hold possession thereof, and take, collect, SOQ5put m P06* demand, and recover the Tolls so entered upon and taken possession 8eswon#

of, under all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, and by the same Remedies which the Trustees or Commissioners so neglecting or refusing or making default might have done if such Entry and Possesion had not taken place; and if any Trustee, Commissioner, '

O 4* Collector,

800

C. 33.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Application of the Money to be paid by the Dunstable and other Trusts to the Commissioners.

Collector, or other Person shall refute to deliver up the Toll Gate or Toll Bar to the Person or Persons so authorized, or shall oppose, hinder, or obstruct him or them in entering upon and taking such Possession, or in the collecting, taking, receiving, or recovering any Tolls whatsoever authorized to be taken by any such Person under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized to enter upon and take such Possession, and to collect and take such Toll or Tolls, forthwith to apprehend the Person or Persons making such Obstruction, and to convey him, her, or them before some Justice of the Peace acting for the County or District where such Obstruction shall take place, or, in case of being unable to apprehend such Offender, to apply to such Justice, who, on such Application, shall forthwith grant his Warrant to apprehend the Person or Persons making such Obstruction, and to cause him, her, or them to be brought before him; and it shall and may be lawful for the Justice before whom the Person or Persons making such Obstruction shall be brought, and he is hereby empowered, forthwith to inquire into the Truth of the Facts, and shall on Proof of the Party or Parties brought before him having been guilty of such Obstruction, such Proof to be on the Confession of the Party or Parties, or the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, thereupon impose a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds on every Person guilty of such Obstruction; and in default of the Payment of such Fine, or without imposing such Fine, the said Justice shall, if he shall think fit, commit the Person or Persons convicted of any such Obstruction to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County for which the said Justice shall act, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days; and the said Justice shall also, if required, issue his Warrant, directing the Constable or Constables of the Hundred within which the Turnpike Gate and Toll House to be seized shall be situated to assist the Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid in seizing and taking possession of the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money to be from Time to Time paid by the Trustees of the Dunstable Trust, the Trustees of the Puddle Hill Trust, the Trustees of the HoMiffe and Stratford Trust, the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, the Trustees of the Dtmdntreh and SUmebridge Trust, and the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, under the Provisions herein-before contained, to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Repayment of the Money to be advanced pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid by them the said last-mentioned Commissioners to the said Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills; and the Receipts of the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Three of them, for any Bums of Money to be so paid to them, shall be sufficient Discharges to the Trustees or Commissioners by whom

5 the

A.D. 18M. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85. 201

the mm shill be paid, and shall protect them from being bound to we to the Application thereof, or from being answerable for the Muspp&rion or Nonapplication thereof.

XXXDI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be Lords Commis-lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's doners of Trea-Tretny, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, if they than think proper so to do, at any Time or Times hereafter, by Lmm? Warns* or Warrants under the Hands of any Three or more of then, to older and direct that the Rate of Interest then payable by the aid Trustees of the Dunstable Trust, the Trustees of the.

Puddle Hill Trust, the Trustees of the HoekUffe and Stratford That, the Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, the Trustees of the Dunekurch and Stomebridge Trust, and the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or any or either of them, on the several Sums to bd advanced by the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills asder the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or already advanced by the mid Commissioners or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the Powers and Provisions of any of the Acts heretofore passed for improving the Road between London and Hofykead, for making Alterations and Improvements in the Roads within the said several Trusts, shall be lowered and reduced to such Rate of Interest as shall be specified and directed in and by inch Warrant or Warrants; and from and after the Time or Times to be mentioned in such Warrant or Warrants the said several Trustees or Commissioners named in such Warrant or Warrants shall be charged and chargeable with such reduced or lower Rate of Interest on the Sum or Sums therein specified, and such reduced or lover Rate of Interest shall from thenceforth be accepted and taken by the Commissionera for the Issue of Exchequer Bills or the Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury, as the Case may be, in lieu and stead of the Interest which may at the Time of the inning of such Warrant or Warrants be then payable on the said Sum or Sums.

XL ' And whereas it was by the said recited Act of the Fourth Howth Roads

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth

1 enacted, that from and after the First Day of September One commissioners

thousand eight hundred and twenty-three the Trustees acting in for Public

1 execution of, the therein-recited Acts passed by the Parliament Works in Ire- of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, land, and former

Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, and Thirty-eighth Years

of the Reign of His then late Majesty King George the Third, act- §^ein and of the said therein-recited Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of

1 the same Reign, passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdam of Great Britain and Ireland, and of any other Act or ' Acts passed respecting the Roads therein described, should be relieved from the Burden and Execution of the said Act or Acts so far as related to the Repairs of such Parts of the said Roads as were then or which should thereafter be travelled over by His Majesty's Mail Coaches passing to, from, and between the General Post Office in the City of Dublin and the new Packet Harbour at Howthy and that the said Parts of the said ' Roads should from and after the said First Day of September

be

202

C. 35.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

be vested in the said Commissioners appointed by the now-

reciting Act, and should be repaired, supported, and maintained ' by the said Commissioners; provided always, that the said Trustees should continue to levy, demand, take, recover, and receive

the Tolls then collected by them at the several Turnpikes or

Toll Gates on the said Roads; and it was by the now-reciting ' Act further enacted, that from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three all ' that Road commonly called the North Strand, commencing ai the Circular Road near to the City of Dublin, and ending at Annesley Bridge, over which His Majesty's Mail Coaches then or should thereafter travel, passing from the General Post Office in the City of Dublin to the new Packet Harbour at Howth, 4 should be and become vested in the said Commissioners thereby appointed; and it was thereby further enacted, that the said Roads travelled over by His Majesty's Mail Coaches passing to, 4 from, and between the General Post Office in the City of Dublin and the new Packet Harbour at Howth, therein-before vested in the said Commissioners by that Act appointed, should be maintained, repaired, and supported under the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions relating to Regulations and Repairs contained in the said therein-recited Acts passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, 4 Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His said then late Majesty, and in the said therein-recited Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the same Reign, and in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Roads in the said Acts described, all which Powers, Provisions, and Authorities were thereby continued and extended to the said Roads, and should and might be exercised and carried into effect by the said Commissioners by that Act appointed upon the said Mail Coach Roads thereby vested in them, for the procuring Materials, and repairing and maintaining such Roads, as fully and effectually as the same might have been by the Trustees acting in execution thereof in case the now-recited Act had not been passed, and the said Trustees should continue to exercise all the other Powers of the said Acts in the recovering the Tolls collected on the said Roads, and otherwise as they had theretofore done; and it was by the now-reciting Act further enacted, 4 that from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three the Commissioners appointed in and by the therein-recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His then late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth, should be discharged and freed from the future Care and Maintenance thereof, and should cease to carry into execution the said therein recited Act, or any of the Powers thereof, and that from and after the said First Day of September all the said Harbour, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, Works, and other Erections and Buildings made, erected, or built by the said Commissioners, or which should belong or appertain to the said Harbour, and the Ground and Soil on which the same were built, and all Ground applied for such Purposes or purchased by the said Commissioners for

improving the said Harbour, and all other Land and Ground.

4 Rock

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.S5.

208

Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand, within the said Harbour and forming Part thereof, whether overflowed by the Tide of the Sea 4 or not, together with all Roads, Railways, and Tools, Materials and other Things belonging or relating to the said Harbour, 4 should be made over to the said Commissioners for executing that Act, and should from thenceforth be and remain vested in the said last-mentioned Commissioners and their Successors, and should from thenceforth be repaired, maintained, and supported of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given by the thttdaHseked Acts of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His then late Majesty King George the Third and of the Fiftieth Year of the same Reign, or by any other Acts, or contained therein, relating to the said Harbour of Howth, should be vested in the said Commissioners appointed by the now-reciting Act, and should be carried into effect and executed by the said Commissioners thereby appointed for the future Improvements, Repair, and Maintenance of the said Harbour of Howth, as fully and effectually as the same had been or might be executed and carried into effect by the said Commissioners appointed by the said therein-recited Acts of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty and of the Fiftieth Year of the same Reign, or might have been carried into effect by the Corporation of Dublin, in case the now-reciting Act had not been passed: And whereas under and by virtue of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the said last-mentioned Roads and Harbour, and the several Powers and Provisions by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth given to the said Commissioners thereby appointed for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance thereof respectively, are now vested in and exercised and exercisable by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Acft of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the said last-mentioned Roads and Harbour should be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners herein-after named be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Gommis- ij oners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be discharged and freed from the future Care, Maintenance, and Repair of the several herein-before mentioned Roads passing to, from, and between the General Post Office in the City of Dublin and the Harbour at Howth, and from the future Care and Maintenance of the said Harbour of Howth, and shall cease to carry into execution the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or any of the Powers thereof, so far as relates to the said Roads and Harbour; and from and after the passing of this Act the said last-mentioned Roads and Harbour, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, Works, and other Erections and Buildings belonging or appertaining to the said Harbour, and the Ground and Soil on which the same are built, and all Ground applied for such Purposes or purchased for improving the said Harbour, and all other Land and Ground, Rock or Soil, Stone *

and

G.R£

6° & 7* GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 18SGL

1 & 2 W. 4. c.SS.

Repeal of Part of 4 G. 4. c. 74. as to Payment of certain Sums by Trustees of Acts therein recited to Commissioners thereby named.

hud Sand, within the said Hafrbour and forming Part thereof, whether overflowed by the Tide of the Sea or not, together with all Roads, Railways, and Tools, Materials, and other Matters and Things whatsoever belonging or relating to the said Harbour, now vested in the said Commissioners acting in execution of the first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby respectively transferred and made over to the Commissioners acting in execu- | tion of an Act made and passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, and shall from thenceforth be and remain vested in the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and their Successors, and shall from thenceforth be repaired, maintained, an d supported by the said last-mentioned Commissioners so far as they shall be from Time to Time authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given by, and the Clauses* Enactments, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth and by the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the Commissioners therein respectively named, either expressly or by reference to any other Act or Acts relating to the said Roads and Harbour, shall be vented in and exercised by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said last-mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be carried into effect and executed by the said last-mentioned Commissioners or any Two of them as fully and effectually as the same have or might at any Time heretofore have been executed and carried into effect, or exercised by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Rtagn of His present Majesty in case this Act had not been passed, o r as if the Commissioners acting in execution of the said last- mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His f*resent Majesty had been named in the said first-recited Act of t he Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty instead of the Commissioners thereby appointed.

XLI. And be it farther enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth 'fear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth as enacts that out of the Tolls collected and received by the Trustees acting in execution of the therein-recited Acts passed by th e Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, Tw enty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of the therein-recited Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the same Reign, passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of any other Act or Acts of Parliament passed respecting the said Roads therein described, under the Provisions of the said Acts, there shall be annually paid over by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners thereby appointed, by equal half-yearly Payments on the Days therein mentioned, a Sum or Sums of Money at and after the Rate of One 1 tundred Pounds for each Mile of the said Road&

thereby

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 39.

205

thereby vested in the said Commissioners, to be by them applied in the necessary Repairs of the said Line of Road so vestal in the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed as and from the First Day of September next.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls collected and received by the said Trustees under the Provisions of the said last before-mentioned several Acts in execution of which they act, there shall be annually paid over by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, by equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of September and the First Day of March in each and every Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on the First Day of September next, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall by Notice in Writing to the said Trustees require for the Purpose of keeping the said last-mentioned Road in good and sufficient Repair, not exceeding the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds for each Mile of the said Road, and so in proportion for less than a Mile; and in case the whole Monies so paid in any Half Year shall not be wholly expended for the Purposes aforesaid within the current Half Year, then the Surplus unexpended shall be carried over and be applicable to the future Expences of the Repair of the said Road.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall be made in payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be required by such Commissioners as aforesaid for the Space of Thirty Days after the same shall become payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-mentioned Commissioners from Time to Time to enter upon and take possession of the Toll Gates, Bara, and Toll Houses of the said Trustees, and to retain die same, and to collect, receive, take, and recover the Tolls arising on the said Roads until the Sum then due, and the Expences of such Seizure, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth as enacts that the Presenting Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin shall in each and every Year present a Sum or Sums of Money, at the Rate of the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each Mile or Part of a Mile of the Road commonly called the North Strand, commencing at the Circular Road near to the City of Dublin and ending at Anmdeg Bridge, to be applied as therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Presenting Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin shall henceforth annually present such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, shall, by Notice in Writing to the said Grand Jury, require for the Purpose of keeping the said last-mentioned Road in good and sufficient Repair, not exceeding the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds for each Mile, and so in proportion for less than a Mile of the said Road, the said

Sum

Provision in lieu thereof;

Remedy in case of Default in payment of such Sums.

Repeal of so much of 4 G. 4. c. 74. as relates to Presentments for the North Strand Road.

Provision in lieu thereof!

206

C. 35.

6» & 7° GULIELMI IV. Commissioners hereby appointed to stand in place of former Commissioners as to Loans, Debts, Claims, and Liabilities, &c. on Howth Hoads and Harbour.

Sum or Sums to be paid over to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by them to receive the same, and shall be applied to keeping the said last-mentioned Road in good and sufficient Repair; and in case the whole Monies so paid in any Year shall not be wholly expended for the Purposes aforesaid within the current Year, then the Surplus unexpended shall be carried over and be applicable to the future Expences of the Repair of the said Road.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Loans or Sums of Money which have been borrowed or raised, or which may be now due and owing by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under or by virtue of the Provisions of the herein-before recited Acts or any of them, in respect or on account of the said last-mentioned Roads or Harbour, and all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively, shall be paid and discharged by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said last mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had become due and owing from the said last-mentioned Commissioners; and all and every Persons ami Person who may owe or be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in respect or on account of the said last-mentioned Roads or Harbour to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as aforesaid, or to any other Person or Persons for the Benefit of the said Commissioners, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Sum or Sums of Money to the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said last-mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all Leases, Deeds, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities relating to the said last-mentioned Roads or Harbour, or to any Buildings Lands, Grounds, Quarries, or Premises belonging thereto respectively, entered into by any Person or Persons to or with the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or to or with the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as aforesaid, or to or with their Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer, under or by virtue of the Powers or Directions of any of the said herein-before recited Acts, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the Benefit of the Commissioners acting in execution of the last-mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be vested in such last-mentioned Commissioners, and shall and may be enforced and recovered upon in any Action or Suit to be brought and carried on in the Name of the Secretary for the Time being to the said last-mentioned Commissioners; and all Leases, Deeds, Assignments, Securities, Contracts, or Agreements relating to the said last-mentioned Roads or Harbour, or to any Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Quarries, or Premises belonging thereto respeo

A.D. 186.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 35.

207

tively as aforesaid, duly made or entered into by the said Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Heigh of His late Majesty King George the Fourth or by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said first-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as aforesaid, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the said Commissioners acting in execution of the said last-mentioned Act of the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively, and shall and may be enforced and recovered upon in any Action or Suit to be brought against the Secretary for the Time being to the said last-mentioned Commissioners.

SCHEDULE (A.) referred to in this Act;

SHOWING

The several Improvements to be made by the Commissioners acting under the3 & 4 Will. 4th c. 43 .; the Turnpike Trusts to which they belong; and the Sum to be applied to each Improvement.

TRUST.

Description of Improvement or Alteration.

Sums to be expended in Improvements.

The Trustees of the Dun- stableTrust, acting un- > derl&2 Geo. 4. c. 107. i The Trustees of the Pud- 'j die Hill Trust, acting > under 54 Geo. 3. c. 121. J The Trustees of the^v Hockliffe and Strat- I ford Trust, acting un- | der 11 Geo. 4. c. 83. -

For making a new Road to avoid Flamsted Hill

For lowering Chalk Hill -

For lowering High Ash Hill and the Denbigh Hail Hill

£ s. d.

} 3,000 0 0

10,000 0 0 } 10,000 0 0

The Trustees of the Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, acting under S Geo. 4. c. 91.

L

The Tnutees of the Dun-^v church and Stone- t bridge Trust, acting | under 5 Geo. 4. c. 43. J The Trustees or Commission era of the I Shrewsbury and Holy- V head Road, acting un- I der 59 Geo. 3. c. 30.

For lowering the Hills of Fosters, Booth, and Stowe, and making an Embankment across the Geese Bridge Valley, and in paying for other Improvements within their Trust, and widening or rebuilding the Bridges at Braunston and Weedon -

For lowering Knightlow Hill, Willenhall Hill, and the Windmill Hill

For lowering Mountford Hill, between Shrewsbury and the Ten Mile Stone on the Road to Oswestry, and widening the said Road -

30,000 0 0

j- 7, 500 0 0 " 4,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) referred to in this Act.

Counties. Parishes. Owners Names. Occupiers Names. Description of Property.

Hertford Fl&mstead - Late Thomas Pearce -(Estate in Chancery). Matthew Leno Orchard and Rick Yard.

Northampton Pattishall - Thomas Drayson Thomas Drayson Osier Plantation.

Ditto Grimscote - Duke of Grafton Several Occupiers Yard or Garden.

Salop Saint Chad Joseph Jones Richard Humphreys Garden.

Ditto Ditto Ditto George Hughes Garden

Ditto Ditto William Cotton Thomas Cotton Garden.

Ditto Ditto Robert Burton, Esquire John Stokes Garden.

208 , G35. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

A.D. 1836. 6°&7° GULIELMI IV.

209

C. 36.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament^ for consolidating the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act has been passed in this present Session

* of ftuiiament to consolidate the Laws relating to the

Constabulary Force in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the ' said Act /n certain respects Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to fix and appoint such annual Salary as to him or them may from Time to Time seem proper to be paid to each Paymaster appointed or to be appointed under the said Act, not exceeding Two hundred Pounds instead of not exceeding One hundred Pounds as limited by the said Act; and in like Manner to fix and appoint such annual Salary as to him or them may from Time to Time seem proper to be paid to each Sub-Constable appointed or to be appointed under the said Act, not exceeding Twenty-eight Pounds instead of not exceeding Tirenty-five Pounds as limited by the said Act

II. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of calculating the Proportion of the Monies advanced out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund under the Provisions of the said Act to be raised by Grand Jury. Presentment off the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns liable to the Repayment of the same, as in the said Act mentioned, all such Sums as shall be or have been advanced for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, or any of them, shall, in addition to the Salaries and Expences by such Act directed to be excepted out of such Advances in calculating sL<*h Proportion as aforesaid, be deducted from the Amount of such Advances; (that is to say,) all such Sums as shall be or have been advanced for the Purchase or Repair of Arms, Ammunition, Accoutrements, and other Articles 6f Outfit, Horses, Forage, Livery, Grazing, Saddlery, and all other Horse Appointments and attendant Expences, Postage, Stationery, and Printing, or for the Salaries and necessary Expences of the Four County Inspectors to be appointed under the said Act; and a Moiety of the Residue only of the Amount of such Advances, after making therefrom such Deductions as by the said Act and this Act directed, shall be raised by Grand Jury Presentment off each County, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be, to which the same shall be declared by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to relate; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Salary of Paymasters under 6 W. 4. c. 13. to be 2002. instead of 1002., and of Sub-Constables to be 282. instead of 252.

Counties not to be liable for Expences of Horses, Arms, &c. nor of County Inspectors.

6A7 Gul.IV.

P

810

C. 87.

6* 8t 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

S G. 4. c. 106.

All Acts relating to the making and selling of Bread, &c. out of the City of London and beyond the Bills of Mortality, repealed.

Bread made of the Articles herein mentioned may be sold.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other Regulations for the making and Sale of Bread, and for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread, beyond the Limits aforesaid.

[28th July 1886.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to JBrtad to 9 be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and 9 within the Weekly Bills of mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal ' Exchange; and to provide other Regulations for the making and 9 Sale of Bread, and preventing the Adulteration of Meed, Flour,

9 and Bread within the Limits aforesaid, certain Regulations and 9 Provisions were made relative to the making and selling of Bread,

1 and for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread,

within the aforesaid Limits, which have been found beneficial to 9 the Public as well as to the Bakers within the said Limits: And whereas it is deemed expedient that the several Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the making and selling of Bread,

or to the Assize and Price thereof, or to the Adulteration of ' Meal, Flour, or Bread, beyond the Limits aforesaid, should be 9 altogether repealed, and that in lieu thereof the Regulations,

Provisions, and Penalties herein-after contained, and which are ' similar to those contained in the said recited Act of the Third ' Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, should be substituted: But inasmuch as the Purposes ' aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of ' Parliament:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six all and every Acts or Act of Parliament now in force relating to the making and selling of Bread, or to the Assize and Price thereof, or to the Punishment of Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, or who shall sell Bread deficient in its due Weight, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, be and the same are hereby repealed; and there shall be no longer any Assize of Bread beyond the Limits aforesaid, or any Regulation respecting the Price thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to make and sell, or offer for Sale, in his, her, or their Shop, or to deliver to his, her, or their Customer or Customers, Bread made of Flour or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Corn, Peas, Beans, Rice, or

AD, 1836.

B# & 7f GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

* 211

or Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Barm, Leaven, Potatoe or other Yeast, and mixed in tnch Proportions as they shall think fit, and with no other Ingredient or Matter whatsoever, subject to the Regulations herein-after contained.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the sevoal Bakers or Sellers of Bread beyond the Limits aforesaid to make and sell, or offer for Sale, in his, her, or their Shop, or to deliver to his, her, or their Customer or Customers, Bread made of nch Weight or Size as such Bakers or Sellers of Bread shall think £t; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IF. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all Bread sold beyond the Limits aforesaid shall be sold by the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread respectively beyond the said Limits by Weight; and in case any Baker or Seller of Bread beyond the Limits aforesaid shall sell or cause to be sold Bread in any other Manner than by Weight, then and in such Case every such Baker or Seller of Bread shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, which the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall order and direct: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder any such Baker or Seller of Bread from selling Bread usually sold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread or Rolls without previously weighing the same.

V. And be it enacted, That the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread respectively beyond the said Limits in the Sale of Bread tball use Avoirdupois Weight of Sixteen Ounces to the Pound, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, and the several Gradations of the same for any less Quantity than a Pound; and in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall at any Time use any other than the Avoirdupois Weight, and the several Gradations of the same, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall from Time to Time order and adjudge.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread beyond the Limits aforesaid shall cause to be fixed in some conspicuous Part of his, her, or their Shop, on or near the Counter, a Beam and Scales with proper Weights or other sufficient Balance, in older that all Bread there sold may from Time to Time be weighed in the Presence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, except as aforesaid; and in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales, or other sufficient Balance, in manner aforesaid, or to provide and keep for Use proper Beam and Scales and proper Weights, or Balance, or shall have or use any incorrect or false Beam or Scales or Balance, or any fake Weight not being of the Weight it purports to be, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, then and in every such Case he, she, or they shall for every such false Beam and Scales and Balance, or fake Weight, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which the Magistrate or Magistrates,

P 2 Justice

Bakers to make Bread of any Weight or Size.

Bread to be sold by Weight and in no other Manner.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for French and Fancy Bread and Rolls.

Bakers to use

Avoirdupois

Weight.

Penalty for using any other.

Bakers to provide in their Shops Beams, Scales and Weights, Ac., and to weigh Bread, &c.

[Penalty.]

212

C. 37.

#* & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183«.

Bakers and Sellers of Bread, &c. delivering by Cart, &c to be provided with Scales, Weights, &c. for weighing Bread.

[Penalty.]

Adulterating

Bread.

Penalty *

Names of Offenders to be published.

Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall order and direct.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread beyond the Limits aforesaid, and every Journeyman, Servant, ot other Person employed by such Baker or Seller of Bread, who shall convey or carry out Bread for Sale in and from any Cart or other Carriage, shall be provided with and shall constantly carry in such Cart or other Carriage a correct Beam and Scales with proper Weights, or other sufficient Balance, in order that all Bread sold by every such Baker or Seller of Bread, or by his or her Journeyman, Servant, or other Person, may from Time to Time be weighed in the Presence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, except as aforesaid; and in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread, or his or her Journeyman, Servant, or other Person, shall at any Time carry out or deliver any Bread without being provided with such Beam and Scales with proper Weights, or other sufficient Balance, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or shall at any Time refuse to weigh any Bread purchased of hixu, her, or them, or delivered by his, her, or their Journeyman, Servant, or other Person, in the Presence of the Person or Persons purchasing or receiving the same, then and in every such Case every such Baker or Seller of Bread shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall order and direct

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Baker or other Person or Persons who shall make Bread for Sale beyond the Limits aforesaid, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Baker or other Person, shall at any Time or Times in the making of Bread for Sale beyond such Limits use any Mixture or Ingredient whatsoever in the making of such Bread, other than and except as herein-before mentioned, on any Account or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever, upon pain that every such Person, whether Master or Journeyman, Servant or other Person, who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence by the Oath, or in case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her, or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, or in default thereof shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction or some Prison of the City, County, Borough, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months with or without hard Labour from the Time of such Commitment, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted to cause the Offender s Name, Place of Abode, and Offence to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published

in

A.D. 1S3&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

213

in or near the City, County, Borough, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, in case any shall be so forfeited, paid, or recovered.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Person beyond the Limits aforesaid shall put into any Corn, Meal, or Flour which shall be ground, dressed, bolted, or manufactured for Sale beyond such Limits, either at the Time of grinding, dressing, bolting, or manufacturing the same, or at any other Time, any Ingredient or Mixture whatsoever not being the real and genuine Produce of the Cora or Grain which shall be so ground; or if any Person shall berond the Limits aforesaid knowingly sell or offer or expose for Saie, either separately or mixed, any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Corn or Grain as the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or any Ingredient whatsoever mixed with the Meal or Flour M sold or offered or exposed for Sale; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction before any One or more Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the City, County, Borough, or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, on the Oath, or in case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her, or their own Confession, forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, which such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall think tit and onder.

X. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall make for Sale, or sell or expose for Sale, beyond the Limits aforesaid, any Bread made wholly or partially of Peas or Beans or Potatoes, or of any Sort of Corn or Grain other than Wheat, shall cause all such Bre^d to be marked with a large Roman M; and if any Person shall at any Time beyond the Limits aforesaid make or eell, or expose for Sale, any such Bread without such Mark as herein-before directed, then and in every such Case every Person m offending shall, upon Conviction in manner herein-after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every Pound Weight of such Bread, and 90 in proportion for any less Quantity which shall be so made fur Sale, or sold or exposed for Sale, without being so marked as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall take place shall from Time to Time order and adjudge: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require any Bread made of the Meal or Fkrar of Wheat only, and in the making of which Potato Yeast shaB be used, to be marked as herein-before is mentioned.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant,) at seasonable Times in the Daytime, to enter into any House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting House, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse, or

P 3 Ground

Adulterating Com, Meal, or Flour.

Selling Flour of one Sort of Com as the Flour of another Sort.

[Penalty.]

Bread made of mixed Meal or Flour to be marked with a Roman M.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Magistrates or Peace Officers by their Warrants may search a Baker's Premises, and if any adulterated Flour, Bread, &c. be found, the same may be seized, and

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

disposed of as herein mentioned.

Penalty if Ingredients for Adulteration of Meal or Bread are found in any Premises.

Ground of or belonging to any Miller, Mealmaivor Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, beyond the Limits aforesaid, and to search of examine whether any Mixture or Ingredient not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Mealman, or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting, or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in anywise adulterated, or whether any Mixture or Ingredient other than is allowed by this Act shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in anywise adulterated, and also to search for any Mixture or Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if, on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread so found shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it shall then be, or any Mixture or Ingredient shall be found which shall seem to have been deposited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread which shall be found in any such Search and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to the nearest resident Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any thing so seized under the Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread so seized shall have been adulterated by any Mixture or Ingredient put therein other than is allowed by this Act, or shall adjudge that any Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid shall have been deposited or kept where so found for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in any such Case every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispose of the same as he or they in his or their Discretion shall from Time to Time think proper.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Miller, Mealman, or Baker beyond the Limits aforesaid, in whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting House, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse, Ground, or Possession any Ingredient or Mixture shall be found which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been deposited

A.D. 18M. 6°& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 3T.

21S

sited tee for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal* Flour, or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by bis, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath, or in case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witoaet, forfeit and pay on every such Conviction any Sum not eneeffing Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings for the First Offence, Five Pounds for the Second Offence, and Ten Pounds far every subsequent Offence, or in default of Payment thereof shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom inch Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction or some Prison of the City, ' County, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to* remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months with or without hard Labour from the Time of such Commitment (unless the Penalty be sooner paid) , as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode, and Offence to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City, County, Borough, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, in case any shall be so forfeited, paid, or recovered.

XflJI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as herein-before is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, or of any Ingredient or Mixture which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Floor, Dough, or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread which tel be seized as being adulterated or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she, or they so doing or offending in any of the Cases last aforesaid shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order: Provided also, that if any Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale beyond the Limits aforesaid shall at any Time make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them, by the Oath, or in case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of any credible Witness, that any Offence which such Person shall have been charged with, and for which he or she shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under this Act, shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful Act, Neglect, or Defalt of any Journeyman, or other Servant employed by or under such Person so making Complaint, then and in any such Case any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may tnd is qr are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant,

P 4? und^r

First Offenct; Second Offence; subsequent Offence.

Names of Offenders to be published.

Obstructing

Search.

[Penalty.]

Offences occasioned by wilful Default of Journeymen and Servants.

216-

C. 37.

6° & VGULIELM1 IV.

A.D. 1836.

Proceeding*.

If Penalty on Journeyman is not paid, Magistrates may order Imprisonment, &c.

Bakers not to bake Bread or Bolls on the Lord* Day, or sell Bread or bake Pies, &c. except between certain Hours.

under his or their Hand and Seal or respective Hands and &eak, for bringing any such Journeyman or Servant before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the City, County, Division, or Place where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended and brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, he or they, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof thereof, upon Oath or Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of -any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall hear such Complaint, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby directed and authorized, by any Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Master or Mistress as or by way of Recompence to him or 'her for the Money he or she shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect, or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under hb or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, Count) , Division, or Place in which such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Ten Days from the Time of such Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money ordered after such Commitment and before the Expiration of the said Term.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Master or Mistress, Journeyman, or other Person exercising or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker beyond the Limits aforesaid, shall on the Lord's Day, or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or shall on any other Part of the said Day after the Hour of Half-past One of the Clock in the Afternoon sell or expose for Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed for Sale, any Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart, or Victuals, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's baking; and every Person offending against the last-mentioned Regulations, or any One or more of them, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the City, County, or Place where the Offence shall be committed within Six Days from the

A.D. 183ft

6° & 7b GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

217

the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, shall for every such Offence pay and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty, and Punishment hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) for the First Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively the Penalty of Forty Shillings, and shall moreover, apoti every such Conviction; bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Costs and Expences to be assessed, settled, and ascertained by the Justice convicting, and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Loss of Time in instituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Bate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit, and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transferred by him to some One of the Overseers of the Poor, or to some other Officer (as the convicting Justice or Justices may direct) , of the Parish, Township, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, to be by such Overseer or Officer paid over to the Use of the general Rate of the County, Riding, or Division io which such Parish, Township, or Place shall be situate, whether the same shall or shall not contribute to such general Rate; and no Inhabitant - of such County, Riding, or Division shall be deemed an incompetent Witness in any Proceeding under this Act by reason of the Application of such Penalty or Forfeiture to the Use of the said general Rate as aforesaid; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expences aforesaid, be not forthwith paid after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be raised and levied by Distress aod Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default and Insufficiency of such Distress commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, with or without bard Labour, on a First Offence for the Space of Seven Days, on a Second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a Third or any subsequent Offence for the Space of One Month, with or without hard Labour, unless the whole of the Penalty, Costs, and Expences be sooner paid and discharged: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Baker residing beyond the Limits aforesaid to deliver to.his or her Customers on the Lord's Day any Baking until Half an Hour past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained: Provided always, that the Provisions of this Act, so for as they authorize the baking and preparing Bread on Sundayshall not extend to Scotland.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall follow or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman, or Baker shall be capable of acting or shall be allowed to act as a Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, Mealman, or Baker shall presume so to do, he or they so offending

[Penalty.]

First Offence; Second Offence j subsequent Offence.

Bakings may be

delivered till Half part One on Sundays.

NoMiller, Meatman, or Baker to act as a Justice of the Peace under this Act.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.;

A.D. 1836.

Penalty, 1002.

Opposing Execution of the Act.

[Penalty.]

Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

in the Premises shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay fee Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who wffl inform or sue for the same, to be recovered, together with fell Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty sCourts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist or make forcible Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom he or she shall be convicted of such Offence.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Maimer of levying and recovering and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed,) shall, upon Proof and Conviction of the Offences respectively before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed (as the Case may require) , either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath, or in case of a Quaker on Affirmation, of any credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath or Affirmation every such Magistrate or Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer, be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate or Justice (which Warrant such Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) , after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Justice to order the Offender or Offenders no convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate or Justice for his or their Appearance before such Magistrate or Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recog* nizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month* with *r without hard

Labour,

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 3T.

219

Labour, (save and except as herein otherwise directed,) unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Person suing for and recovering the same, and the other Moiety to some one of the Overseers of the Poor, or to some other Officer (as the convicting 'Justice or Justices may direct) of the Parish, Township, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, to be by such Overseer or Officer paid over to the Use of the general Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which such Parish, Township, or Place shall be situate, whether the same shall or shall not contribute to such general Rate, and no Inhabitant of such County, Riding, or Division shall be deemed an incompetent Witness in any Proceeding under this Act by reason of the Application of such Penalty or Forfeiture to the Use of the said general Rate as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Summons to be served on any Offender against any of the Provisions of this Act shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

To A.B. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath

to wit. ) v been made before me C. D., one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or Magistrate] for the said County, by E.F. of that, , fyc. c.

[here

state the Nature and Circumstance of the Case, as far as it shall be necessary to show the Offence?, and to bring it within the Aur 4 thority of the Justice or Magistrate, and in doing that follow the 1 Words of the Act as near as may be]: These are therefore to ' require you personally to appear before me (or such other Justice or Magistrate as shall be then and there present) at in the said County, 8$c. on the Day of

next, at the Hour of in the noon, to answer

to the said Complaint and Information made by the said E. F., 4 who is likewise directed to be then and there present to make good the same. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand this Day of.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Information to be laid before any Justice or Magistrate for any Offence against this Act shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

County of TIE it remembered, That on the

to wit. y*3 Day of A.B. of

in the said County, informeth me

one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or Magistrate, as the Case may be, '] for the said County, that of in the said County [here describe the

4 Offence, with the Time and Place, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be], contrary to the Statute made in the V Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act [set forth the Tide of this Act], which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

4 Taken the Day of before me, C.D '

Form of Summons.

Form of Information.

C. 3T.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Informations to be laid before acting Magistrates of District.

Power to summon Witnesses in prosecuting Offences.

Tender of Expences.

Examination upon Oath.

Committal.

False Evidence Perjury.

XX. Provided always, qnd be it enacted, That all Offences committed against this Act shall be laid before the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, usually acting in and for the District in which the Offence shall have been committed, in a summary Way, upon Complaint, and the said Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to issue his or their Summons for the Purpose of hearing and determining the same.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if it shall be made appear by the Oath or Affirmation of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Person or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then, after Proof upon Oath or Affirmation of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals to bring every such Person or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Person before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation every such Person; and if any such Person, on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath or Affirmation concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the* Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refusing to be examined to the public Prison of the City, County, Division, Liberty, or Place in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, with or without hard Labour, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act directed to be taken or made shall wilfully forswear himself or herself, or make any false Affirmation, every such Person shall be subject and

liable

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

821

liable to be prosecuted for Perjury by Indictment or Informal lion, according to the due Course of Law, and, if convicted thereof, dull be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

1 ft remembered, That on this Day

torit J of in the Year of the

1 jRefgn of A.B. is convicted before

Majesty's Justice of the Peace for the said County of i [or for the Division of the said County of or for the City, Liberty, or Town of as the Case shall happen tp Ac], for; and do

4adjudge him [or her, or them, as the Case may fo,] to pay and ' forfeit for the same the Sum of Given

under the Day and Year aforesaid. '

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Order, Judgment, or Conviction made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or of any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or any other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action on the Case; but do Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought

XXV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, she, or they shall have been convicted, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons from Time to Time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such Case be suspended, the Person or Persons so convicted entering into a Recognizance within Twenty-four Hours of the Time of such Conviction,

with

Form of Con-victim.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Tender of Amends.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Recognisance.

228

C.S7.

6*& 7s GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Determination to be final.

Coats.

Appellant not paying Sum adjudged against him to be committed.

Costs to Appellant making good his Appeal.

Where Conviction within Six Days of Quarter Sessions, Time allowed for Appeal.

with Two sufficient Sureties, in Double the Sum which such Person or Persons shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such Appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions; which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall forthwith pay down the Sum he, she, or they shall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with such Costs §s the said Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in default of the Appellant's paying the same, any Two Justices, or any One Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she, or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seed, commit any 'such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Division, or Place where he, she, or they shall be apprehended, until he, she, or they shall make Payment of such Penalty, and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her, or their Appeal, and he discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid, and which Costs shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers in like Manner as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions are recoverable: Provided always, that no Person shall be detained in Prison for any such Offence for any greater Length of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before anj General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be helc for the City, County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough, or Plac< where such Conviction shall have been made, the Party or Partie who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction shall and may, on entering into a Recognizance in maimer and for the Purposes before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any sue! County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty, oi Place where any such Conviction shall have been made.

8 XXVII. And

A.D4836. 6? &7° GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in Scotland all Penalties incurred under the Provisions of this Act or of any of the before-recited Acts shall be recoverable, with Expences, either before the Sheriff of the County or the Magistrates of the Burgh or Town Corporate wherein the same may be incurred or where the Offender may reside, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of such County, at the Instance either of the Procurator Fiscal of Court, or any Person who may prosecute for the same; and the whole Penalties, after deducting all Charges and such Remuneration to the Person prosecuting as the said Judges shall think fit, shall be paid to the Poor of the Place where such Penalties shall be awarded; and it is hereby provided, that it shall be competent for the said Courts respectively to proceed in a summary Way, and to grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained of before them, and upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Offender, or on other legal Evidence, forthwith to give Judgment on such Complaint, without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, and to grant Warrant for the Recovery of such Penalties and Expences decerned for failing Payment within Fourteen Days after Conviction, by Poinding, or by Imprisonment for a Period, at the Discretion of the Court, not exceeding Sixty Days, it being hereby provided that a Record should be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgment pronounced.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in Scotland if any Person or Persons shall feel themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of any Sheriff or Magistrates of Burghs or Towns Corporate, or Justices of the Peace, pronounced in any Case arising under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Commissioners of Justiciary at the next Circuit Court, or where there is no Circuit Court, to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the Manner and under the Rules, Limitations, and Conditions contained in an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for taking away and abolishing Heritable Jurisdictions in Scotland, with this Variation only, that such Person or Persons so appealing shall, in place of finding Caution in the Terms prescribed by the said Act, be bound to find Caution to pay the Penalty or Penalties and Expences awarded against him or them by the Sentence or Sentences appealed from, in the event of the Appeal or Appeals being dismissed, together with any additional Expences which shall be awarded by the Court in dismissing the said Appeal; and it shall not be competent to appeal from or to bring the Judgment of any Sheriff or Justices of the Peace acting under this Act under Review by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or in any other Way than as herein provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County, or Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the

Twenty-

As to Penalties in Scotland.

Appeal in Scotland to Commissioners of Justiciary at Circuit Court.

20 G. 2. c. 4S.

Limitation of Actions.

C. 37.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Part of 24 G. 2. c. 44. extended to this Act.

Service of Writ upon Peace Officer.

Tender of Amends.

Costs.

In Actions for executing Act, General Issue snay be pleaded.

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more mft in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act; and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be sued out or Copy of any Writ be served upon, any Peace Officer or Officers for any thing done in the Execution of thl« Act until Seven Days after a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action, which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this Act, at any Time within Seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money as Amends for the Injury complained of to the Party complaining or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the same be not accepted, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if, upon Issue joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper; and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Magistrate, Justice, or Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall

2 have

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 37.

25

have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-fendaatain every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for the Recovery of his, her, or their Costs.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act unless the Com-plaiflt is made within Forty-eight Hours after the Offence shall have been committed, or within such reasonable Time as to the Justice or Justices shall seem fit, except in Cases of Perjury; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence done or committed against this Act shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXXII. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, and the Application of which is not herein-before directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his, her, or their Confession or by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and die other Moiety thereof (or in case there be no such Person informing then the whole thereof) shall go and be paid to some one of the Overseen of the Poor, or to some other Officer, (as the convicting Justice or Justices may direct,) of the Parish, Township, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, to be by such Overseer or Officer paid over to the Use of the general Rate of the County, Riding, or Division in which such Parish, Township, or Place shall be situate, whether the same shall or shall not contribute to such general Rate; and no Inhabitant of such County, Riding, or Division shall be deemed an incompetent Witness in any Proceeding under this Act by reason of the Application of such Penalty or Forfeiture to the Use of the said general Rate as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend in any way to affect, lessen, or infringe upon any Right or Custom of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge or either of them, or of any Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place which may be exercised and enjoyed by them or any of them by virtue of any Charter, Bye Lavs, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants, or Acts of Parliament, except so far as relates to the Assize of Bread and the Regulations of the Price and Weight thereof; but that all roch Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed, hr the Parties respectively entitled thereto, as fully and amply to ah Intents and Purposes as the same were held, exercised, and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

6&7 Gul.IV. Q XXXV. And

Treble Costs.

Limitation of Information.

Application of Penalties.

Proviso for Rights of particular Persons.

Commencement of Act;

not to extend to Ireland;

may be altered this Session.

S&4W. 4. C. 68.

Proper Officers of Excise, before granting Licences to Persons licensed in the Year preceding, shall require a Certificate of good Character in addition to the Certificate required by the recited Act.

Process Servers not to be licensed to retail Spirits.

Certain Persons not to retail Spirits to be consumed on the Premises.

C. 37, 38. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Ireland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled M

Act to amend the Laws relating to Excise Licences, and to the

Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail, in Ireland.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth f Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Wine, Spirits,

Beer, and Cider by Retail in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act in certain Particulars, and to make ' other Regulations in respect of the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer,

and Cider by Retail in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers of Excise, and they are hereby directed, to require from all and every Person and Persons applying for such Licence, as in the said Act mentioned, to sell Beer, Cider, and Spirits by Retail, to be consumed in any House specified in said Licence, being the Bame House as shall have been licensed in the Year last immediately preceding, and whose Licence shall not have been withdrawn or annulled, in addition to the Certificate of Six Householders of the Parish in the said recited Act mentioned, a Certificate to the same Purport and Effect from the Chief Constable of the Constabulary Force acting in and for the District in which such House may be situate, or in lieu thereof a Certificate from Two of the Overseers appointed or to be appointed, as provided in and by the said recited Act or by this Act, for the Parish in which such House is situate; and in such Certificate the stud Two Overseers shall state the Time of their Appointment, and that they acted as such Overseers at least for One Month in the Year immediately preceding the Date of such Certificate; and such Certificate shall be signed by the said Overseers without Fee or Reward.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed to serve Civil Bill Processes shall be capable, while he holds such Office, of receiving or holding a Licence to sell Beer, Cider, Wine, or Spirits by Retail.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person in Ireland who shall be duly licensed under any Act or Acts for granting Excise Licences to deal in or sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, or Pepper, nor any Person deemed a Grocer within the Meaning of the Laws of the Excise

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 88. 227

in force in Ireland at or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to take out any Licence to retail Spirits in the Home or on the Premises of such Retailer, or in any House or on any Premises within One Quarter of a Mile of the House or Premises of each Retailer, other than a Licence to retail Spirits in Quantities not less at one Time than One Pint, and to be consumed elsewhere than in the House or on the Premises of such Retailer; and aay Licence to retail Spirits in any other Manner granted after the passing of this Act to any such Grocer or Person so licensed as aforesaid shall be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

17. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Retailers of this Act no Person selling or licensed to sell Beer or Cider, Houses *h*H not Spirits or Wine, by Retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Pre- ^Spirits* mises, shall have or keep his House or other Race of Sale (not between Nine at bong a Booth or Tent at any lawful or accustomed Fair, or at any Night of Sun-public Races,) open for the Sale of Spirits, Wine, or Beer, nor day, and Nine shall sell or retail Spirits, Wine, or Beer, nor shall suffer any in the Morning Spirits, Wine, or Beer to be drunk or consumed in or at such of Mond*Jr* House or other Place, at any Time between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Night of Sunday and Nine of the Clock in the Morning of Monday; and if any such Person shall keep his House or other Place of Sale open for selling or shall sell Spirits,

Wine, or Beer, or suffer Spirits, Wine, or Beer to be sold, drunk, or consumed in or at such House or other Place, at any Time between the Hour of Nine of the Clock at Night on Sunday and the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Morning of Monday, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds for any such Offence; and every separate Sale shall be deemed a separate Offence, and all

Saks on any One Day shall be deemed and considered and may be prosecuted as separate Offences? Provided always, that nothing Exception as to

herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Sale of Spirits, Wine, Traveller*.

or Beer to a Traveller.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person selling or licensed Booths and to tell Beer or Cider and Spirits or Wine by Retail, to be drank Tents at Fairs, or consumed on the Premises, or otherwise, shall have or keep any &c* "J *

Booth or Tent or other Place, not being a House duly licensed for the Sale of Spirits at any lawful or accustomed Fair or at any or Beer at any ' public Races, open for the Sale of Spirits, Wine, or Beer, nor Hour between shaft te& or retail Spirits, Wine, or Beer, nor shall suffer any Six in the Even-Spirits, Wine, or Beer to be sold, drunk, or consumed in or at "ft "d Nine in such Booth or Tent or other Place, between the Honrs of Six of ?e the Clock in the Evening and Nine of the Clock in the Morning Thin the at aay Tune between the First Day of April and the First Day Afternoon and of the following Month of October, or between the Hours of Three Nine in the of the Clock in the Afternoon and Nine of the Clock in the Morn- Morning in ing at any Time between the First Day of October and the First w*nter-Day of the following Month of April, nor at any Time whatsoever on any Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving; and if any such Person shall keep such Booth or Tent or other Place open for selling or shall sell Spirits, Wine, or Beer, or shall suffer any Spirits, Wine, or Beer to be drunk or consumed in or at such Booth or Tent or other Place, at any Hour or Time at which the same are hereby

C. 38. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Justices and Constables may enter into any House, &c. in which Spirits or Peer is sold, and put out Persons tippling or gambling at prohibited Hours.

Persons not quitting, or resisting Justices, &c. may be apprehended.

If a Soldier offends, Justice to communicate the same to his Commanding Officer.

Retailers shall not permit illegal Assemblies in their

respectively prohibited, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds for any such Offence; and every separate Sale shall be deemed a separate Offence; and all Sales on any One Day shall be deemed and considered and may be prosecuted as separate Offences; and this Prohibition shall be deemed and taken to extend to the Sale of Spirits, Wine, or Beer to a Traveller as well as to any other Person.

VT. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful *for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Chief Constable, or for any Churchwarden or Overseer in the said recited Act or hereinafter mentioned, or for any Constable authorized for the Purpose by any such Justice, within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, to enter into any House, Booth, Tent, or other Place kept by any Person selling or having a Licence to sell Spirits, Wine, or Beer by Retail, at any Time or Hour during which the Sale of Spirits, Wine, or Beer is by this Act prohibited therein, and to remove from and put out of such House, Booth, Tent, or other Place any Person who shall be found within such prohibited Hours in such House, Booth, Tent, or other Place (not being a Lodger or Inmate thereof) , and who shall appear to be or to have recently been drinking, tippling, or gaming therein; and that if any such Person shall not, when thereto required by such Justice of the Peace, Chief or other Constable, Churchwarden or Overseer as aforesaid, remove from and quit such House, Booth, Tent, or other Place, or shall forcibly resist such Justice, Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer, or shall be found drunk therein, it shall and maybe lawful for any Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer to apprehend and take into Custody an/ such Person so offending, and to carry and convey or cause to be carried and conveyed every and any such Person so apprehended before any Justice of the Peace withio whose Jurisdiction such House, Booth, Tent, or other Place shall be situate, to be dealt with according to Law; and every such Person who shall so neglect or refuse to remove from or quit such House, Booth, Tent, or other Place, or shall so forcibly resist such Justice, Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer, or be so found drunk in such House, Booth, Tent, or other Plaoe^ being duly convicted of such Offence, shall thereupon for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings; and if any Offender so convicted shall not forthwith pay the Sum so forfeited, such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or any House of Correction or Bridewell of the County or Place for any Time not exceeding One Week.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Offender convicted in manner aforesaid shall be a Soldier on rail Pay, and attached to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service stationed or being within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, a Communication of such Conviction shall be forthwith made by said Justice to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, and the Offender so convicted shall be detained until delivered over to the Commanding Officer or his Order, to be amenable to Military Discipline.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person licensed to sell Spirits by Retail to be consumed on the Premises or otherwise shall knowingly permit any Body, Union, Society, or Assembly of Persons declared to be illegal or prohibited by any Law in

force

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 38.

229

force at the Time of the pawing of this Act, or any Body, Union, Houses, or bang Society, or Assembly of Persons who shall require from Persons out Flags or about to be admitted or being admitted thereto, or into the said Erablemsthere- Body, UnaoB, Society, or Assembly, any Oath, Test, solemn Declaration or Affirmation not expressly allowed and required by Law, or who shall observe on the Admission of Members or on any other Proceeding any religious or other solemn Mystery, Rite, or Ceremony, or seeming or pretended religious or other solemn Mystery, Rite, or Ceremony not sanctioned by Law, or who shall wear, bear, or display on Occasions of their meeting or assembling together any Arms, Flags, Colours, Symbols, Decorations, or Embkms whatsoever, to meet or assemble or hold a Meeting or Assembly on any Occasion or Pretence whatsoever in the House or other Place of Sale of such Person so licensed, nor shall on mt Occasion or Pretence whatsoever hang out or display, or $o&r to be hung out or displayed, on, from, or out of such House or other Place of Sale any Sign, Flag, Symbol, Colour, Decoration, or Emblem whatsoever, except the known and usual and accustomed Sign of such House or other Place of Sale usually fixed thereto in the Way of Business; and if any such Person shall knowingly permit any such Body, Union, Society, or Assembly to meet or assemble or hold any Meeting or Assembly on any Occar son or Pretence whatsoever in the House or Place of such Person, or dull hang out or display, or suffer to be hung out or displayed, on, from, or out of such House or Place of Sale any such Sign,

Flag, Symbol, Colour, Decoration, or Emblem whatsoever, except as aforesaid, any such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two Pounds, and the Licence of sneh Person convicted of such Offence shall not be renewed by the proper Officer of Excise without the Certificate of the Justices at Quarter Sessions assembled, and of the Assistant Barrister attending said Quarter Sessions, that they consider such Person to be, notwithstanding such Conviction, a fit Person to be licensed, on condition of his not again committing a like Offence; and if atty such Person so convicted and obtaining a Renewal of his Licence on said Certificate shall be again convicted of a like Offence, such Licence shall immediately on such Second Conviction become null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Person shall not be capable at any Time thereafter of obtaining such Licence: Provided however, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Meeting of Persons consisting exclusively of Freemasons or Members of the Society called the Friendly Brothers.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Justices and for any Justice of the Peace, or for any Chief Constable, or for Constables may any Constable authorized for the Purpose by any such Justice or fnter «ny Chief Constable, within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, to enter " is 5 into any House or Place kept by any Person selling or having a and put out Per. Licence to sell Spirits, Wine, or Beer by Retail to be consumed sons found or on the Premises or otherwise, in which such Justice or Chief Con- assembled, and stable shall, from Information on Oath or otherwise, have Reason jemoveBanners, to believe or suspect that any such Body, Union, Society, or Assembly is met or held, or on or from which any such Sign,

Flag, Symbol, Colour, Decoration, or Emblem shall be hung out

Q 3 or

230

C. 88.

6° k 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Persons not quitting, or resisting Justices, may be apprehended.

Penalty on Persons selling Beer and opposing the entering of Justices.

Penalty on refusing to admit Justices.

or displayed, and to remove from and put out of such House or Place any Person who shall be found met or assembled therein with or as Members of or belonging to any such Body, Union, Society, or Assembly, and to remove and take away and destroy, if he shall think proper, any Arms, Banners, Flags, Colours, Symbols, Emblems, or Decorations found on or with such Persons, or hanging out or displayed on or from such House or other Place, and to require every such Person so found to state truly to him his Name and Place of Abode, and to require the immediate Inspection of and take possession of any Book of Proceedings or other Book used at such Meeting or brought thereto, and to detain such Book for such Time as he may think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Days; and that if any such Person shall not, when thereto required by such Justice of the Peace, Chief or other Constable as aforesaid, remove from and quit such House, or if any Person whatsoever shall forcibly resist such Justice or Constable, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable to apprehend and take into Custody any Person so offending, and to carry and convey, or cause to be carried and conveyed, every and any such Person so apprehended before any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such House or Place shall be situate, to be dealt with according to Law; and every such Person who shall so neglect or refuse to remove from or quit such House, or shall so forcibly resist such Justice, Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer, or who shall refuse to state his Name and Place of Abode, or shall not truly state the same, being duly convicted of such Offence, shall thereupon for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings; and if any Offender so convicted shall not forthwith pay the Snm so forfeited, such Offender shall be committed to the Gaol, Bridewety or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Week.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person selling oi licensed to sell Spirits, Wine, or Beer by Retail, or any Persoi aiding or assisting Such Retailer, shall prevent or endeavour U prevent by Threats or Violence, or otherwise, any such Justice ol Chief or other Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer in tha Behalf authorized under this Act or the said Act of the Third am Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty from enterinj any House or Place or from making any Search therein authorize* by this Act, or shall assault or otherwise resist any such Justice o Chief or other Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer as aforesaid every such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum no exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that nothin herein contained shall exempt any such Person so offending o any other Person resisting said Justice, Chief or other Constable Churchwarden, or Overseer, on any Occasion in the Exercise any Power given by this Act, from any other Punishment o Penalty, by Information, Indictment, or otherwise, to which lie o she may be liable by Law for any such Offence, or be construe* in any way to affect or repeal any Law or Laws providing an Punishment for such Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person selling a licensed to sell Spirits, Wine, or Beer by Retail shall, on Deman made of Entrance, delay to admit any Justice or Chief or othe

Constable

A.D. 18S&

6°& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 38.

231

Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer as aforesaid, into any House or Place of such Person, for the Purpose of making Such Search as aforesaid, or for any other Purpose for which by this Act or any other Law in force in Ireland such Justice, Chief or other Constable, Churchwarden, or Overseer is or may be entitled to Admittance into such House or Place, such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Poond^ unless Proof {shall be made, to the Satisfaction of Two Juste who may hear the Complaint, that there was reasonable Cause for giving such Delay.

XU And be it further enacted, That every Person selling or tesed to sett Spirits, Wine, or Beer by Retail, in whose House or Place any Person shall be found to be or to have been recently drinking, tippling, or gaming at any Hour or Time at which the Sale of Spirits or Beer is prohibited by this Act, shall, upon Conviction thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings; and any Person found drunk, at any Hour of the Day or Night, in any Street, Square, Lane, Road, Way, or other public Thorough-fore or Place, shall, upon Conviction thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, and in default of Payment thereof shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place, or to any neighbouring House of Correction or Bridewell, for any Time not less than Twelve nor more than Forty-eight Hours; and every Person so found drunk in any Street, Square, Lane, Road, Way, or other public Thoroughfare or Place, shall and lawfully may be apprehended by any Justice, Constable, Peace Officer, Churchwarden, or Overseer as aforesaid, and forthwith carried and conveyed before any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction he shall be so found, to be dealt with according to Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That instead of appointing such Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Overseers of Persons and Houses, as in the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty is provided, it shall and may be lawful for any Parishioners of the several Parishes in Ireland in Vestry assembled, and they are hereby required, once in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons, not exceeding Twenty nor less than Ten, as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Persons and Houses in which Spirits or Beer shall be sold by Retail within every such Parish respectively; and every Overseer so appointed shall have as full and ample Power and Authority for carrying the Proririons of this Act and the said recited Act into execution as any Constable or other Peace Officer hath or may have by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or as any Overseer appointed under the said recited Act; and every such Overseer shall, for the Purposes of this Act and of the said recited Act, be and be deemed and taken to be a Constable or Peace Officer; and the mid Overseen, when so appointed, shall forthwith meet and make such proper Arrangements together as to them shall seem necessary for the Performance of their Duties under this Act and the said recited Act, and for the due Inspection and visiting the several Houses within their Jurisdiction as such Overseers; and the said Arrangements shall be so made that at least Two of the

Q 4? said

Penalty if Persons are found tippling or gaming at prohibited Hours, and on Persons found dr»"fc-

N umber of Overseers under S&4W.4. ©.68. increased.

Overseers to be Constables.

Penalty on theis not acting.

C. 38.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

Two Justices at Petty Sessions may appoint Overseers if the Parishioners do not.

Informations to be exhibited within Twelve Months.

Licences may be annulled when licensed Persons shall have offended Three 'rimes.

Justices to grant Warrant for the said Overseers shall be appointed to and perform the said Duty for each Month; and every Person who shall be appointed such Overseer who shall neglect or refuse (not being prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Accident) to act as such Overseer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Parishioners of any Parish in Ireland shall not appoint such Overseers on or before the First Day of August in any Year, or within One Week after the Termination of the Office of any Overseer already appointed or to be appointed under this Act or the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Town and Liberties in which such Parish shall be situated, assembled at any Petty Sessions or Divisional or other Office of Police for the District in which such Parish shall be situate, to appoint such Number of Overseers as aforesaid to act as such Overseers for One Year; and the Persons so appointed shall have all the Powers of any Overseer or Overseers appointed under this or the said recited Act, and shall perform the like Duties and be liable to the like Penalty for Non-performance thereof as is herein-before provided in respect of the Overseers to be appointed by the Parishioners as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Information for any Penalty incurred under this or the said recited Act shall and may be exhibited within Two Calendar Months next after the Offence alleged in said Information shall have been committed, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as provides, that if any Person licensed to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirits by Retail shall during the Continuance of such Licence be duly convicted of any Three several Offences under the Provisions of said Act or any of them, which Three Offences shall have been committed within the Space of Two Months, it should and might be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Person should have been licensed to annul the Licence of such Person, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act if any Person licensed to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirits by Retail shall during the Continuance of such Licence be duly convicted of Three several Offences under the Provisions of said recited Act or of this Act, or of both, which Three Offences shall have been committed within the Space of Six Months, it shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Person shall be licensed, assembled at any Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, by Order made in open Court, after Notice served Six Days before on the Person so licensed of the Intention to apply for such Order, to annul the Licence held by such Person; and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled shall at any Time after the making of such Order sell any Beer, Cider, or Spirits without having obtained a new Licence, he shall be subject to all the Penalties to which any Person is or may be subject for selling Beeiv Cider, or Spirits without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace in Petit Sessions

assembled.

A.D. 186.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 38.

233

assembled, upon being satisfied by the personal Examination on SeizureofSpirits Oath of a credible Witness that there is reasonable Ground for *ol<l in Places not suspecting that Spirits are sold in any House within the County beix>*Uccnicd* not licensed for the Sale thereof, to grant a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, authorizing any Justice of the Peace for said County, with his Assistants, to enter such House at all Times in the Day between Sunrise and Sunset to search for Spirits, and if any sadi shall be found without a Permit or other legal Authority justifying the keeping thereof to seize and deliver the same to the next Excise Officer of the District; and such Warrant shall continue in force for Seven Days from the Day of the Date thereof, and shall be a sufficient Authority to the Justice of the Peace therein named and his Assistants, in his Presence, to enter into Hidi House and seize all Spirits there illegally being, and to carry my and deliver same to the next Revenue Officer, to be dealt with according to Law.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person not licensed Penalty on Per-

to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirits to be consumed on the Premises allowing

shall after the passing of this Act permit or suffer any Beer, Cider,

or Spirits to be consumed on any Premises occupied by him or in censed Premises, which his Trade or Business is carried on, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds; and such Sum shall and may be recovered in like Manner in all respects as any other Penalty under said recited Act or this Act

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person not being duly Penalty on un. licensed to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirits shall at any Time after the licensed Persons pairing of this Act sell any Beer, Cider, or Spirits, he shall for 8eU4n Kccr-every such Offence, in addition to any other Penalty to which he

is liable, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, and such Sum shall and may be recovered as any other Penalty under the said noted Act or this Act; and in every Proceeding to recover such Penalty it shall be sufficient to prove the Sale of such Beer, Cider, or Spirits, and the Person charged shall be thereupon convicted, unless he shall prove that at the Time of such Sale he was duly licensed to sell the Beer, Cider, or Spirits so sold.

XX. And be it enacted, That in any Proceeding to recover a Production of Penalty against any Person charged as being licensed to sell Beer, Licence not Cider, or Spirits it shall not be necessary to call for or require the necessary on Production of the Licence, and the Notice, by said Act directed Proceed*ng*-to be served on the Clerk of the Peace, or Evidence of his having

been at the Time at which the Offence charged against him was committed acting as the Owner of a licensed House, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Fact of his being licensed, unless he shall prove that he was not duly licensed, and if he shall on the hearing of any such Complaint prove that he was not duly licensed at the Tune at which the Sale complained of was made, it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom such Proof may be made to convict him of having made such Sale without being duly licensed.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in every Proceeding under this Person* compe-

or the said recited Act the Person who may inform or who shall tent as Witnesses sue for the Penalty shall be a competent Witness to prove any though entitled Fact, notwithstanding any Provision by which he may become of

entitled to receive any Portion of the Penalty sought to be re* e y' covered.

234

Service of Summons.

Recited Act S&4W.4. 0.68. to be in force save as altered by this Act.

General Form of Conviction.

Act may be altered this Session.

47 G. S. Sess. 2. c. 54.

50 G. 3. c. 109.

C. 38, 39.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

XXLI. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any Proceeding shall be taken to recover any Penalty under the said recited Act or under this Act, or under both, or for any other Purpose, the Delivery or Service of a Copy of any Notice or Summons to the Person charged with the Offence at any Place, or to his Wife, Servant, Clerk, Manager, or Child, such Child being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards, at or upon the Premises used or occupied by any such Person for carrying on his or her Trade or Business, or on the Premises on which any such Offence shall have been or shall be charged to have been committed, shill be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Service and Delivery of such Summons or Notice to the Person or Persons to whom the same may be directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, except so far as k herein otherwise provided, all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, levied, recovered, mitigated, and distributed by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in such Manner, as by the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed, provided, and enacted; and that in every respect, save where it is expressly repealed or altered by this Act, the said recited Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be and remain in full Force, and shall apply to the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and to the several Offences hereby created, as if the same were herein re-enacted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction to be had under this Act or the said recited Act shall and lawfully may be drawn up in the Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect: (that is to say,)

\ RE it remembered, That on the

to wit. J Day of in the Year of our Lord

AJB. is convicted before

us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said ' County, [or City or Town, as the Case may &e,] on the Oaths ' of CJj., &c.

[as the Case may fe,] in the Sum of

for that [Acre specify thefiffenccy and vfa1

and where committed] Given under our Hands and Seals the

Day and Year above written.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Cetnye the Third, ' intituled An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms 1 in Ireland, to continue in force for a limited Period; which Act was by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said

Majesty's

6° 4 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 39, 40.

235

Majesty's Reign continued and amended; and such Acts, having been continued, were by another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth amended 10G. 4. c. 47.

and farther continued until a Time when the same expired: And whereas by another Act passed in the First and Second Years of 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 47. His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were revived

and continued: And .whereas by Two other Acts passed respee- sftsW.4. c. 70.

tive ' the Second and Third and Fourth and Fifth Years of 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 53.

the of His present Majesty such Acts have been further ' continued, and will remain in force until the End of this present Session of Parliament; and it i9 expedient that the said Acts should be further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign Four first re. of His Majesty King George the Third, as the said Act is amended c?te*fjVJts by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the same Reign ^dfor °ne and by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and as the scud Acts were revived by the said recited Act of the First and Second Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, shah be and the said Acts are hereby continued and shall be and remain in force for the Term of One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament H. And whereas an Act was passed in the First Year of the 1 w.4. c. 44.

4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate for continued for One Year the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition One Year.

into Ireland, and the making, remaning, selling, and keeping of 4 ArMS, \ Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland; and such Act 4 having been continued from Time to Time will remain in force until the End of this present Session of Parliament; and it is 1 expedient that the said Act should be further continued be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act of the Firet Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the said Act is hereby continued and shall be and remain in force for the Term of One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS the several Acts for making, amending, and repairing the Turnpike Roads in Ireland were by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty's 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 91. ' Reign continued for the Term of One Year, and thenceforth until the End of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

[28th July 1836.]

by

236

C. 40, 41.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.; A.D. 1836.

AH expiring Acts respecting the Repair of Turnpike Roads in Ireland further continued.

1 W. 4. c. 69.

Commissary Court abolished, and Duties of Commissioners transferred to Sheriff of Edinburgh.

4 G. 4. c. 97.

Sheriffs may take Proofs.

Agents authorized to practise

by the Authority of the same, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament for making, amending, and repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in Ireland which will expire during or with the present Session of Parliament shall be and the same is and are hereby continued for One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament

CAP. XLI.

An Act to abolish the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and to regulate the Mode of taking Proofs in Consistorial Causes in Scotland.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS &11 Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the

i Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of ' Scotland, whereby various Alterations and Reductions were made in the Consistorial Court of Scotland, with a view to the Abolition of the said Court, and the Transference of the remaining Jurisdiction thereof to the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh:

And whereas it is expedient that the remaining Jurisdiction of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh should be abolished, and the Mode of taking Proofs in Consistorial Causes should be regulated Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissary Court of Edinburgh shall be and the same is hereby abolished, and the whole remaining Powers and Jurisdiction of the said Court shall be and the same are hereby transferred to the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh, who shall possess and exercise such Powers and Jurisdiction in all respects, except in so far is regards taking Proofs in Consistorial Causes; and the whole Clauses, Powers, and Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the Court of the Comnussaria of Edinburgh, and for altering and regulating the Jurisdiction of the inferior Commissaries in Scotland, shall apply to the Sheriffdom of the County of Edinburgh, and to the Clerks and Officers of the said Commissary Court, in the same Way as such Provisions apply to the other Sheriffdoms of Scotland: Provided always, that the Salaries of the existing Commissaries of the said Commissary Court shall be saved and reserved to each of them during their several Lives; provided further, that such Salary or Salaries shall be accounted pro tanto of any subsequent Salary to which any of the said Commissaries may hereafter acquire Right by virtue of his or their Appointment to any other Public Office.

II. And be it enacted, That where it shall be necessary to take Proofs in Consistorial Causes, such Proofs shall be tal^en by the Sheriffs to be appointed for that Purpose in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Agents duly qualified to practise as such before the Court of Session to

A.D. 1836.

6Q & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 4I, 42.

237

practise as Agents in the Sheriff Court of Edinburgh, in so far as relates to any of the Proceedings which are transferred by this Act to the Sheriff in the same Manner and to the same Extent as they might have practised in respect of such Matters in the Commissary Court before the passing of this Act

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or altered by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament

CAP. XLII.

An Act to grant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of certain Debts affecting the same.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five,

intituled Act concerning Tailzies, it is statuted and declared that it shall be lawful to His Majesty's Subjects to tailzie or

entail their Lands and Estates, and to substitute Heirs in their (Tailzies or Entails, with such Provisions and Conditions as they ' shall think fit, and to affect the said Entails with irritant and

resolutive Clauses, whereby it shall not be lawful to the Heirs of Entail to sell, analzie, or dispose of the said Lands or any 1 Part thereof, to contract Debt, or do any other Deed whereby the same might be apprized, adjudged, or evicted from the other Substitutes in the Entail, or &e Succession frustrate or interrupted, declaring all such Deeds to be in themselves null and void; and Provision is made by the said Act for the recording (such Entails in the Manner therein set forth: And whereas it is 1 expedient that certain Powers should be conferred upon Heirs (of Entail in relation to granting Tacks and making Excambions, 1 and to selling Portions of Entailed Estates for Payment of the (Entailer's Debts:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, notwithstanding any prohibitory, irritant, an<| resolutive Clauses contained in any Entails already made and established, or which may hereafter be made and established, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for the respective Heirs of Entail in Possession to grant Tacks of any Parts of the Lands, Estates, or Heritages therein contained, for the fur Rent of such Lands or Heritages at the Period of letting, either by public Auction or private Bargain, and notwithstanding any Prohibition against Diminution of the Rental, for any Period not exceeding Twenty-one Years, and to grant Tacks of any Mines and Minerals contained in such Lands and Estates for any Period not exceeding Thirty-one Years: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Heir of Entail in

Possession

in Sheriff Court of Edinburgh.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered this Session.

Hein of Entail in Possession empowered to grant Tacks of any Part of Entailed Estates under the Restrictions herein contained.

C. 42.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Act not to restrain more extensive Powers contained in any EntaiL

Heinin Possession may make Excambions of EntaOedEstatea in the Mode herein named.

PoaocBnion of any Entailed Lands, Estates, or Heritages to take any Grassum or valuable Consideration, other than the Tack Duty or Rent, for granting any Tack, or to grant any Tack of the Home Farm, nor of the Mansion House and Offices, or of the Garden, Lawn, Park, or Policy attached thereto, for any Period beyond his own Life; and in case any such Grassum or Consideration shall be taken, or in case any Tack hereby prohibited shall be granted, such Tack shall be null and void.

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent any Heir of Entail in Possession from exercising any Power of granting Tacks which may be contained in the Entail under which he possesses more extensive than the Power of granting Tacks hereby conferred.

III. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses contained in any Entail already made and established, or which may hereafter be made and established, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for the respective Hein of Entail in Possession of any Entailed Lands, Estates, or Heritages, having made up a Feudal Title thereto, to make Excambion, without the Consent of any other Heir, of any Portion of the Entailed Lands, Estates, or Heritages, for an Equivalent in Lands, Estates, or Heritages lying contiguous to the same or to some other Part of the said Entailed Estate, or being convenient to be holden with the same, and whether the same shall belong to himself in Fee Simple or to any other Person, and that although the Heritages to be given and taken in Exchange may consist of different Descriptions of Heritable Property: Provided always, that Notice of the Intention to make such Excambion shall. Three Months previous to the Application to the Court of Session to that Effect, as herein-after required, be given to the Five Heirs of Entail, or to the whole Heins of Entail if their Number be less than Five, of the said Entailed Lands, Estates, or Heritages next in the Order of Succession to the Heir so applying; and if any of the said Five Heirs of Entail shall be under Age, or under any mental or other legal Disability, then to the legal Guardians, Curators, or Administrators of such Heirs; and if Three or more of the said Five Heirs shall be under Age, or under any mental or other legal Disability, then to their respective Guardians, Curators, or Administrators, and also to the Two Heirs next in the Order of Succession after such Five Heirs, who shall be of lawful Age and not under any mental or other legal Disability; and if an? of the said Heirs to whom Notice is thus directed to be given shall be forth of the United Kingdom, then to the known Agent or Factor of such absent Heir or Heirs; and for ascertaining and adjusting the Value of the Lands, Estates, or Heritages proposed to be exchanged an Application shall be made for that Purpose by the Heir of Entail in Possession, and feudally vested in such Lands, Estates, or Heritages, after such Notice as is herein directed to be given, by summary Petition, setting forth the Objects of the said Excambion, and the Advantages expected to be derived therefrom, to one or other of the Divisions of the Court of Session, praying for such Excambion; and the said Court

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 42.

289

shall, after Proof made to them of Notice to the Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, take into consideration the Expediency of such Excambion, and the other Circumstances of or affecting the Lands,

Estates, or Heritages proposed to be excambed, and the Interests of the succeeding Heirs of Entail therein, and after such Notice as is herein-after directed to be given, and hearing any Party haring a Title and Interest to be heard, if any such shall appear, shall appoint Two or more skilful Persons to inspect and adjust the Value and settle the Marches of the said Lands, Estates, or Heritages proposed to be excambed; and upon receiving the Report upon Oath of such Persons, and being satisfied of the respective Values of such Lands, Estates, or Heritages, and of the Expediency of such Excambion, the said Court shall thereupon give Judgment authorizing the said Excambion; and thereupon the Contract of Excambion shall be executed at the Sight and with the Approbation of the said Court, and recorded in the Sheriff Court Books of each of the Shires or Stewartry in which the Lands or Heritages to be excambed are situated, and also within Three Months in the Register of Tailzies: Provided also, that after hearing any Party having a Title or Interest, and appearing as aforesaid, it shall be competent to the said Court to decern the Expences to be incurred by such Party in such Appearance to be borne either by such* Party or by the Heir of Entail applying for the Excambion, as to the said Court shall seem just *

IV. Provided further, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Provision as to lawful to excamb the principal Mansion House or Offices, or the Excambion of Garden, Park, Lawn, Home Farm, or Policy of any Entailed Mansion Estate, nor more than One Fourth in Value of such Entailed OU8e8 '

Lands, Estate, or Heritages in all; and declaring that after Ex-

cambions have been made under the Authority of this Act to the Extent in all of One Fourth Part in Value of the whole Entailed Lands, Estates, or Heritages, it shall not be in the Power of any Heir of Entail to make any further Excambions of any Part of the said Lands, Estate, or Heritages.

V. And be it enacted, That all Contracts of Excambion exe- Tenure ofexited and recorded in Terms of this Act shall be effectual to all cuabed Lands. Intents and Purposes; and the Lands and Heritages given or received in Excambion shall be held to be a Part of the Entailed

Estate or of the Entailed Estates respectively, and shall be subject to all the prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses of the Entail or Entails, in the same Manner as if it or they had been originally a Part of such Estate or Estates respectively; and the Lands and Heritages given from the Entailed Estate or Estates shall from thenceforth be held as out of the Entail or Entails under which it was previously held, and be liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses thereof: Provided always, that no Debt contracted by any Heir of Entail during the Period between the Execution of any such Contract of Excambion and the recording of such Contract in the Register of Tailzies as aforesaid shall affect or be capable of affecting the Lands contained in such Contract, and thereby added to the Entailed Estate: And provided Providing for further, that if in any such Excambion as aforesaid there shall be Exccn of Value aoy Excess of Value on either Side, not exceeding Two hundred " nyExcam-Pounds, such Excess shall go and be paid to the Proprietor, , on *

whether

C. 42.

6°k7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

As to Excnm-bion of Entailed Estates under more than One Entail.

10 G. 3. c. 51.

Part of Entailed Estates maybe sold for Payment of Entailer's Debts affecting the Estate.

Court of Se»on to inquire into the Particulars, and direct what Portion of Estate shall be old;

whether Heir of Entail in Possession or Proprietor in Fee Simple, to whom the Lands of smaller Value shall be awarded; and that if any Party to any such Excambion shall give or shall receive any Consideration or Value of any Kind whatever, other than the Lands to be exchanged, or such Excess as aforesaid not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, such Excambion shall be null and void.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Heir in Possession shall apply as aforesaid for the Excambion of any Part or Parts of any Entailed Estate or Estates under more than One Deed of Entail, descendible to the same Series of Heirs, such Deeds of Entail shall in reference to such Application be held and construed to be One Deed of Entail, and the Estates settled by such Entail to be One Entailed Estate: Provided also, that an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in (hat Part ef Great Britain called Scotland held under Settlements of strict Entail, shall remain in full Force and Effect, excepting in so far as the same is altered or repealed by any of the Provisions of this Act

VII. And for effecting the Sale of Portions of Entailed Estates for Payment of the Entailer's Debts, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Heir of Entail in the Possession of any Entailed Estate liable to be adjudged or evicted for the Debts or Obligations of the Maker of the Entail, and for the Tutors or Curators or legal Guardians of any such Heir, if under Twenty-one Years of Age or under any mental or other legal Disability, to apply by summary Petition to the Court of Session in either of the Divisions of the said Court, setting forth the Entail, and the Debts or Obligations affecting or which may be made to affect the Lands or Heritages contained in the said Entail as aforesaid, and praying the said Court that so much of the said Lands or Heritages may be sold as will produce a Sum adequate to discharge the Debts so affecting the said Estate.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of the said Court, sitting in either of the Divisions thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon such Petition presented to them as aforesaid, to direct due Notice, according to the Practice of the said Court, to be given of such Petition to all concerned, to hear all Parties that shall appear for their Interest, to inquire into and take an Account of the Debts, Obligations, and other Burdens due by or binding upon the Entailer of such Estate, which affect or may be made to affect such Estate as aforesaid, and to fix and ascertain the Amount of such Debts, Obligations, and Burdens, and Interest, if any, due thereupon, by Interlocutors or Judgments, and thereupon to inquire into and ascertain, by the Investigation and Evidence or Report of such Surveyors or other skilful Persons as the said Court shall think ft to nominate and appoint for that Purpose, what Portions of such Entailed Estate sufficient to produce a Price adequate to the Payment of all such Debts, Obligations, and Burdens affecting or capable of being made to affect the said Entailed Estate as aforesaid may be sold with the least Detriment or Injury to the Remainder of such Estate, and to take all necessary Proof thereof,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 42. 241

and of the Value at which such Portions of such Estate ought either in Whole or in Lots to be exposed to Sale, and thereupon to order and decern that such Portions of such Estate shall be sold by public Roup or Auction.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Judges shall cause Notice of the intended Sale or Auction of such Portions of such Estates to be inserted in one of the Newspapers published in the County or Counties in which the Lands or Heritages to be sold lie, and also in Three of the Newspapers published in Edinburgh, Three Times, at least Three Weeks previous to the Day of Sale, and shall otherwise advertise and notify such Sale as to the said Judges shall seem necessary and proper; and the Articles and Conditions of Hoop or Sale of such Portions of such Estates shall be adjusted at the Sight and with the Approbation of the said Judges, and the Lands or Heritages be exposed to Sale in such Manner as the said Judges shall direct; and the said Judges may authorize and direct such Sales respectively to be adjourned from Time to Time, and to be again from Time to Time advertised and notified as herein-before directed.

X. And be it enacted, That upon the Sale of such Portions of such Estatesjas aforesaid the said Judges shall adjudge and decern the same, freed from all the Burdens, Conditions, Restrictions, and Provisions, Clauses irritant and resolutive, and other Clauses of such Entail, to belong to and be the Property of the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, when and as soon as such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have completed such Purchase or Purchases by Payment or Consignation of the Purchase Money, or Price or Prices at or for which he, she, or they shall have purchased the same, to or with the Treasurer, Cashier, or Manager or other proper Officer of the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland, Commercial Bank of Scotland, or National Bank of Scotland respectively, to whom the said Judges shall order such Payment or Consignation to be made, to be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of such Bank in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as the said Judges shall direct; and which Monies shall, then so paid in, produce the highest Interest that can be obtained for the same, which Interest shall by such Person or Persons be annually accumulated and added to the Principal Sum, to carry Interest together, until applied, by a Warrant or Warrants of the said Judges in either Division of the said Court as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Judges shall further pronounce such Interlocutor or Interlocutors and hold such other Proceedings in the said Matter as the Judges of the Court of Session are in use to pronounce and hold in Judicial Sales, or as shall appear to the said Judges necessary for fully carrying the Purposes of this Act into execution.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers in Pursuance of this Act, and their Heirs and Assignees, shall, by the Interlocutors or Decrees of Sale to be pronounced by the said Judges, and upon full Payment of the Price or Prices for which ftey shall respectively purchase to such Person or Persons or in ttch Way as they shall by the Articles and Conditions of Sale be taken bound to pay the same, have a good and undoubted Right to i 68i7GuL.IV. R the

and cause Notice of Sale to be given, and adjust the Conditions thereof.

Court of Session to adjudge the Lands sold to the Purchaser, and direct the Disposition of the Purchase Money.

Purchasers upon Payment of the Money, to have a good Eight to the Lands, &c, freed from the Entail.

342

C. 42.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Lands not sold to continue subject to the Entail.

Court of Session to direct Purchase Money to be applied to Payment of Debts, &c.

By whom the Costa of Parties interested and appearing shall be paid.

Any Surplus exceeding 200/. to be laid out in Purchase of other Land, to be limited to same

the Lands and Heritages so to be purchased by them, freed and discharged of all the Conditions, Provisions, Limitations, and Restrictions of such Entail, and of all the Debts, Obligations, and Burdens by which the said Lands and Heritages were affected, and from every other Incumbrance, Defect of Title, or Ground of Eviction whatsoever, in as full and ample a Manner, Sort, and Form as any Purchaser of Lands at a Judicial Sale before the Court of Session may, can, or ought to have by the Law and Practice of Scotland; and the Heir of Entail of the Estate for the Time being, or his or her Tutors or Curators or other legal Guardians as aforesaid, shall and is or are hereby required to execute and deliver, under the Authority of the said Judges of the Court of Session in either Division thereof as aforesaid, all such Dispositions and Conveyances of such Portions of such Estates as shall be so sold, containing Procuratories of Resignation, Precepts of Sasine, and other usual and necessary Clauses as shall by the said Judges be deemed necessary and proper, in favour of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs and Assignees, without incurring any Irritancy or Forfeiture, any thing in such Deed of Entail to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Parte of such Entailed Estate as shall not be sold under the Authority of this Act, in the Manner herein directed, shall remain and continue settled and entailed to and upon the same Series of Heirs, under the same prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, Provisions, and Conditions as are contained in such Deed of Entail, but subject to the Powers and Provisions herein-before given by this Act

XIII. And be it enacted, That after such Sale or Sales are accomplished, and the Purchase Money paid or consigned as aforesaid, the said Judges of the Court of Session in either Division thereof shall issue their Warrants or Decrees for Payment, out of the Money so paid or consigned, of the Expences of the Proceedings attending such Petition, Inquiry, and Sale, and also of the Amount of such Debts, Obligations, or Burdens affecting or which might be made to affect such Entailed Estate as aforesaid of which such Portions have been sold as aforesaid: and every Creditor in such Debt, Obligation, or Burden shall upon receiving Payment be obliged to execute a complete Discharge of his or her Debt, Right, or Claim; and the several Discharges shall be registered in the Books of Council and Session.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, if any Party interested in such Entailed Estate shall have appeared and been heard before the said Court, it shall be competent for the said Court to decern the Expences incurred by such Party in such Appearance and Hearing to be borne, either by such Party, or by the Heir applying for such Sale, either out of the Price of the Lands to be so sold, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem just

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Surplus exceeding Two hundred Pounds shall remain of the Price of the Lands and Heritages so sold, after defraying such Expences, Debts* Obligations, or Burdens directed to be paid as aforesaid, the awd Judges of the said Court in either of the Divisions thereof ahull

and.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 42.

243

and they are hereby empowered and required to direct and order Uses, &c. as

that such Surplus shall be laid out and employed in the Purchase sold;

of ether Lands or Heritages, which shall be limited and settled to

the tune Uses and Purposes, and under the like prohibitory,

irritant, and resolutive Clauses, as by the Deed of Entail in

relation to which such Proceedings have been held the Lands

and Heritages therein described stand limited and settled.

XVI. And be it enacted, That when such Surplus shall be laid *nd the Deed of oat asd employed in the Purchase of other Lands or Heritages Entail thereof to be settled as aforesaid, the Disposition, Deed, or Settlement of [? h *

Entail thereof to or in favour of the Heir of Entail in Possession Court of Session-for the Time being, and the other Heirs of Entail entitled to neeeed to the Entailed Estate to which the Lands or Heritages so purchased are to be added, shall be framed at the Sight and with the Approbation of the Judges of the said Court, and shall be so finned as to bind the Heir in Possession or Person in whose Favour the same is executed as well as the succeeding Heirs of EntaiL

XVII. And be it enacted, That after such Disposition, Con* and recorded in veyance, or Entail shall be so made and executed, the same shall Register of be directed by the said Judges to be forthwith recorded in due Tailaies *

Form in the Register of Tailzies, for the Benefit of all the Persons interested therein, and Infeftment shall be taken by virtue of the Procamtory of Resignation or the Precept of Sasine therein con-tuned, and shall be registered agreeably to the Forms and Practice of the Law of Scotland, upon all which the said Court shall interpose its Authority by declaring that the Directions by this Act given have been complied with according to the true intent asd Meaning thereof.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That until such Surplus as aforesaid Application of shall be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Heritages as surplus Monies aforesaid, the said Judges shall order and; direct that the same till invested in shall remain in one or other of the aforesaid Banks respectively, Lftnd' subject to the Direction of the said Judges of that Division of the aid Court to which Application shall have been originally made, in the Name of such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, who shall receive the highest Interest which can be got for themme; and the Interest arising from the Money so paid in shall be hid out in the Name or Names of such Persons as aforesaid, and shall annually accumulate and be added to the Principal Sum so that they may carry Interest together until a proper Purchase in Lands or Heritages shall be found, to be limited and settled in the Manner herein-before directed, and until the same shall be ordered to be paid by the Treasurer, Cashier, or Manager or other proper Officer of the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, Bank of the British Linen Company of Scotland,

Commercial Bank of Scotland, or National Bank of Scotland respectively. for completing the said Purchase in such Manner as the caid Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Principal and accumulated Interest of such Sum or Sums shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money, then and in that Case only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expeoce of the Applications to the Court, shall be paid to the Penan or Persons respectively who would have been entitled ^R 2 to

If under 200/. to be paid to Heir in Possession.

Definition of Terms used in the Act.

How Notices to be given of Applications under this Act to Court of Session, See.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

C. 4% 43. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

to receive the Rents and Profits of the Entailed Lands or Heritages.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if such Surplus as aforesaid shall be under Two hundred Pounds Sterling, the same shall be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Heir in Possession of such Entailed Estate for the Time being.

XX. And be it enacted, That any Matter or Thing permitted or prohibited to be done by any Heir of Entail by virtue of this Act is and shall be permitted or prohibited to be done by any Trustees or Trustee holding Lands in Trust under Obligations to entail the same; and that where the Words " Heir " or " Heirs of Entail " are used in any Part of this Act, such Word or Words shall be held and construed to include the Institute equally as m Substitute Heir of Entail.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Notice of all Applications, either to the Court of Session or any Lord Ordinary of the said Court, or to any Sheriff of any County, under the Provisions of this Act, by any Heir of Entail, shall be inserted once at least in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes, and in Two or more Newspapers published in Edinburgh and usually circulated in the Part of Scotland in which the Entailed Lands sod Estates to which such Application relates lie, and also in any Ooe Newspaper published (if any so be) in such Part of Scotland at least Three Months previous to the making such Application; and where such Application shall be to the Court of Session, the said Court or the Lord Ordinary shall, if they or he shall see Cause, cause such further Intimation thereof to be made in the Minute Book of the said Court or on the Walls of the Parliament House, or otherwise, as the said Court or Lord Ordinary shall think proper.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to provide for the taking of Judicial Ratifications of Scottish Deeds on Oath as heretofore.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, } intituled ' An Act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirnuitiom

taken and made in various Departments of the State, and fel ' 1 substitute Declarations in lieu thereof and for the more entin 1 i Suppression of voluntary and extrajudicial Oaths and Affidfr

1 vitsf and to make other Provisions for the Abolition of «! ' necessary Oaths: And whereas by the said recited Act it ifj ' enacted, that from and after the Commencement thereof it shoukL

not be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or other Person t

administer or cause or allow to be administered, or to receive or cause or allow to be received, any Oath, Affidavit, or solemn! ' Affirmation touching any Matter or Thing whereof such Justicfl ' or other Person hath not Jurisdiction or Cognizance by soma ' Statute in force at the Time being: And whereas by the Lavj ' and Practice of Scotland Judicial Ratifications by Married

Women upon Oath are Acts of voluntary Jurisdiction.which may

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI XV.

C. 43, 44.

245

1 be proceeded in before any Judge: And whereas the said recited 1 Act may be construed to apply to the Oaths taken in such Ratificadons, and it is expedient that such Law and Practice should ' not be affected or rendered doubtful:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent the taking of Oaths in Judicial Ratifications by Married Women as the same might by the Law and Practice of Scotland have heretofore been taken, nor shall any thing in the said recited Act contained invalidate or be construed to invalidate any such Ratification 'on Oath taken according to 5uch Law and Practice since the Commencement of the said recited Act; and every such Ratification taken under a Declaration since the passing of the said recited Act shall be of the same Force and Effect as if such Ratification had been taken on Oath.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the " Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of ' Insolvent Debtors in England: And whereas a certain other Act 1 was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the ' Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, whereby, amongst other Things thereby enacted, the said first-mentioned Act was continued for a certain Time therein mentioned: And whereas a ' certain other Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue for Three ' Fears, and to amend, the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors is England: And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Acts:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall be and the same are hereby continued.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Part thereof may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts and this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

It 3

Nothing in recited Act to prevent the taking of Oath* by Married Women in Judicial Ratifications, as heretofore.

7G.4.C. 57.

1 W. 4. c. 38.

2 W. 4. c. 44.

Recited Acta continued.

Act may be altered this Session.

Term of Act.

C. 45.

fi* & V GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

24V

3 & 3 W. 4. c. 120.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 60.

From 31st Jan. 1887 the Care and Management of the Duties on Horses let for Hire, and on Licences relating to the same, transferred from ^e Commission-

CAP. XLV.

An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in Great Britain on Horses let for Hire, and on Licences relating to the same, from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

[28th July 18B6/J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second and Third

* Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto, certain Duties in Great Britain were, amongst others, granted for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire, as in the said Act is mentioned, and for every Licence relating to the same, which Duties were thereby placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, and were denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 4 to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes, and to consolidate the Boards of Stamps and Taxes, it was amongst other Things enacted, that the several Persons appointed as therein mentioned Commissioners of Stamps for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and Commissioners for ' the Affairs of Taxes in Great Britain respectively should be and become One Consolidated Board of Commissioners, and be called The Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes," and that from thenceforth all the several Duties, Matters, and Things which ' then were collected by or under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps and of the said Commissioners ' for the Affairs of Taxes respectively should be collected by and should be under the Care and Management of the Commis *

sioners of Stamps and Taxes in the same Manner as such Duties,

Matters, and Things respectively had theretofore been collected ' by or had been under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps and of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively: And whereas it is expedient to transfer the Collection and Management of the said Duties on ' Horses let for Hire, and on Licences relating to the same, from the said Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commis *

sioners of Excise be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven the Care and Management of the Hates and Duties granted and made payable by the said first-recited Act in and throughout Great Britain for and in respect of every Horse let for Hire, and every Licence relating to the same, and mentioned and described in the said Schedule (A.) to the said Act annexed, shall be and the same are hereby transferred from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of

Excise

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 45.

247

Excise in Great Britain for the Time being; and the said Rates and Duties shall thenceforth be denominated and deemed to be Duties of Excise, and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid and accounted for by and under the Authority, Care, and Management of the said Commissioners of Excise.

1L And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said first-recited Act shall be executed and enforced by the Commissioners of Excise and their Officers respectively, for securing and collecting the said Duties as fully and effectually as if such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions had been originally given to the said CofiBusiouerB of Excise and their Officers respectively, and as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in and imposed by the said Act, and all the Provisions, Powers, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in and imposed by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to any of the Duties of Excise, so far as such last-mentioned Provisions, Powers, Regulations, Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties shall be applicable to the said Duties on Horses let for Hire, or on Licences relating to the same, and so hr as the same shall not be inconsistent with the special Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in the said first-recited Act, shall be of full Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in execution for securing, collecting, recovering, and paying the said last-mentioned Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties were repeated and specially enacted in this Act; and wherever in the said first-recited Act the Head Office for Stamps, or the Solicitor of Stamps in England or Scotland respectively, or any Officer of Stamp Duties, is mentioned or designated, the same shall, so far as relates to the Duties on Horses let for Hire and on Licences relating to the same, be deemed and taken to mean the Chief Office of Excise in London, the Solicitor of Excise in England or in Scotland, as the Case may be, and any Officer of Excise respectively; and the Account by the said Act directed to be kept and to be intituled " Stamp Office Weekly Account " shall be intituled " Excise Office Weekly Account."

I1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or any Collector or other Person appointed by them, or any Farmer of the said Duties on Hones let for Hire under any Demise or Contnet which shall be existing on the said Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, or any Assignee of such Farmer, from doing or causing to be done at any Time after the said Thirty-first Day of January all or any inch Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever as shall or may be necessary or expedient for raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying all or any of the Duties on Horses let for Hire, and

R 4 on

era of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

Powers, &c. of 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 120. to be executed by the Commissioners of Excise, and Powers, Arc. of Excise Acts to be of full Force for collecting the Duties transferred.

Proviso for collecting Duties accrued before Slst January 1837.

248

C. 45-47.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Act may be altered this Session.

9 G. 4. c. 83.

Recited Act continued.

9 G. 4. c. 78.

2 W. 4. c. 43.

on Licences to let such Horses, And all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall accrue due or be incurred respectively on or before the said Thirty-first Day of January, and all or any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any of such Duties or Penalties; but that all such Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever in relation thereto, shall and may be raised, levied, collected, sued for, recovered, and paid ' by the same Ways and Means, and in such and the same Manner in all respects, as if this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land* [28th July 1886.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of Justice its New ' South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual

Government thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto: And whereas the said Act will expire at die End of the Session ' of Parliament next following the Thirty-first Day of December ' One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and it is expedient ' to continue the said Act for a limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and thenceforward until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in the ' East Indies, v?itil the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty three: And whereas a certain other Act was

passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to continue until the First Day of March One

1 thousand

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 47, 48.

249

thousand eight hundred and thirty-six an Act of the Ninth Year ' of HU late Majesty for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India,

whereby the said first-mentioned Act was continued in force until the Fust Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirtysix: And whereas a certain other Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Insolvent Debtors in India: And whereas it is expedient that the said first-mentioned Act, as amended by the said last-mentioned Act, should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall be and the same are hereby continued until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas it may have happened that divers Acts have been done since the First Day of March last pursuant to the Provisions in the said recited Acts contained, and Doubts may be entertained of the Validity or Efficacy of such Acts, or of some ' of them, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed be it therefore enacted and declared, That all Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things whatsoever which shall have been made or done on or aibsequent to the said First Day of March last, and which would have beep valid and effectual if the said several Acts had been then in force, are and shall be, and shall be held, adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes if the said recited Acts had not expired, and this Act had passed on the Twenty-ninth Day of February last.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to indemnify the Governors and others of the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat for having permitted the Importation of certain Articles Dutyfree.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat in the West Indies, were in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five visited with 4 a most violent and destructive Hurricane, whereby the Inhabitants experienced very great Distress, in consequence of which it had been deemed expedient to permit for a limited Time the Importation into those Islands, in Vessels of all Nations, of Beef salted, Bread, Biscuit, Boards, Corn, Corn Meal, Horned Cattle, 4 Flour, Fish pickled, salted, or dried, Wood Hoops, Lumber of all Kinds, Mill Timber, Oats, Pease, Pulse, Pork salted, Plank, Rice, 4 Shingles, Staves, and Scantling Duty-free:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Beef salted, Bread, Biscuit, Boards,

Horned

5 w. 4. c. 79.

Recited Acts continued.

Acts and Deeds done subsequent to the Expiration of recited Acts to be deemed valid.

Act may be altered this Session.

Certain Articles declared Dutyfree.

250

0.48, 49.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18SS.

Governors, && indemnified.

Master of the Rolls may demise Part of the Rolls Estate to the Society of Judges and Serjeants.

Homed Cattle, Com, Com Meal, Flour, Fish pickled, salted, or dried. Wood Hoops, Lumber of all Kinds, Mill Timber, Oats, Pease, Pulse, Pork salted, Plank, Rice, Shingles, Staves, and Scantling which may have been imported Duty-free under any Proclamation of any of the Governors of the said Islands, is hereby declared to be free of Duty accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That the respective Governors of the said Islands, and the respective Collectors and other Officers of the Customs in the said Islands, and all Persons whatever acting or having acted under their Orders and Directions, shall be and are hereby indemnified for any Orders which they may have respectively given upon or after the Time on which the Hurricane in the said Islands took place, by reason of which any Duty that was then legally due and payable on the Importation into the said Islands respectively of the several Articles before enumerated ceased to be levied and collected, and for any Omission on their Parts to cause such Duty to be levied and collected since such Hurricane.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Master of the Rolls to demise Part of the Rolls Estate to the Society of Judges and Serjeants.

[28th July 1836.]

WHEREAS the present Chambers of the Judges are insuf-

W ficient for the Accommodation of the Public and! for the

necessary Transaction of the Business therein, and it is expedient that new Chambers should be erected for Use of the ' Judges on the Rolls Estate; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:' 'Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may .be lawful for the Master of the Rolls, by and with the Consent and Approbation of any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, testified by their being Parties to such Lease, to grant to the Society of Judges and Serjeants at Law, at a Peppercorn Rent, & Lease for a Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years of such Part of the said Rolls Estate as may be necessary for the Erection of com modious Chambers for the Use of the Judges for Judicial Purposes, together with convenient Avenues and Approaches to the same from Serjeants Inn; such Lease nevertheless to contain each Covenants, Provisoes, and Restrictions as Three of the said L*ords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall order and direct

A.D. 180.

6° St 7* GULIELMI IV.

a 50,

251

CAP. L.

An Act to authorize the placing of the Hone Patrol now acting under the Authority of the Chief Magistrate of the Public Office in Bow Street under the Authority of the Justices appointed for the Metropolitan Police District.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Horse Patrol now acting under the Authority of the Chief Magistrate of the Public Office in Bow Street should be placed under the Authority of the Justices appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George ' the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in and mar the Metropolis:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct that such Horse Patrol shall be under the Authority of the said Justices for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for One of the said Justices to administer to such Horse Patrol an Oath to act as Constables for the Preservation of the Peace, and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offender* against the Peace; and the Men so sworn shall, within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Essex, and Kent, and within all Liberties therein, and within the Royal Palaces of His Majesty, His Hein and Successors, and Ten Miles thereof, have all rack Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to all such Duties and Responsibilities, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Con-toblewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm, or of any Statutes made or to be made, and shall obey all such lawful Commode as they may from Time to Time receive from any of the said Justices for conducting themselves in the Execution of their Office.

1L And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint the said Justices to be Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Berks and Bucks and of all Liberties therein, and for the said Justices so appointed to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Berks and Bucks and for all Liberties therein, although they may not have any such Qualification by Estate as is required by Law in the Case of any other Person being Justices of the Peace for any County; Provided always, that no such Person shall act as a Justice of the Peace at any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, nor in any Matter out of Sessions, except for the Preservation of the Peace, the Prevention of Crimes, the Detection and Committal of Offender *, and in carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act

UL And be it further enacted, That the said Justices may from Time to Time, subject to the Approbation of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, appoint fit and proper Persons to act as such Hone Patrol, and may frame such Orders and Regulations

10 G. 4. c. 44.

Hone Patrol to be under the Authority of the Justices appointed under the recited Act.

Such Justices to act also in the Counties of Berks and Bucks.

The said Justices to appoint the Persons to act as Horse Patrol.

C. 50.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty for assaulting Horse Patrol.

Punishing Horse Patrol for Disobedience of Orders.

Penalty on Victuallers harbouring Horse Patrol.

Receiver of Police Offices to puy over a certain Sum for the Support of the Horse Patrol.

lations as they shall deem expedient relative to the general Government of the said Horse Patrol, the Places of their Residence, the Classification, Rank, and particular Service of the several Members, their Distribution and Inspection, the Description of Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries to be furnished them, and all such other Orders and Regulations relative to the said Horse Patrol as the said Justices shall from Time to Time deem expedient; and the said Justices may at any Time suspend or dismiss from his Employment any Man belonging to the said* Horse Patrol whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Discharge of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same; and when any Man shall be so dismissed or cease to belong to the said Horse Patrol all Powers vested in him as a Constable by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault or resist any Person belonging to the said Horse Patrol in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or incite any Person so to assault or resist, every such Offender, being convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall think meet, and in default of immediate Payment shall suffer Imprisonment with or without hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Horse Patrol shall be guilty of any Disobedience of Orders, Neglect of Duty, or of any Misconduct as such Constable, and shall be convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, he shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in default of immediate Payment shall suffer Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Months: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any such Person from being proceeded against by way of Indictment for any Offence committed by him as a Constable, so as that no Person shall be proceeded against both by Indictment and also under this Act for the same Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, or Keeper of any House, Shop, Room, or other Place for the Sale of any Liquors, whether spirituous or otherwise, shall knowingly harbour or entertain any Man belonging to the said Horse Patrol, or permit such Man to abide or remain in his House, Shop, Room, or other Place during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper as aforesaid, being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as they shall think meet.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct that the Receiver for the Time being of the Police Offices established in the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint Marylebone, Saint Andrew Holborn> Saint Leemarel Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and Saint Saviour in the County of Surrey, to pay over, out of the Monies issued to him out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 50.

253

Ireland, to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District for the Time being, an annual Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Horse Patrol.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District shall pay over all Monies so received by him on account of the said Horse Patrol into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall keep a separate and distinct Account of such Monies, and of all Sums expended by him in respect of the said Horse Patrol.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions and Enactments contained in the aforesaid Act relative to the drawing and accounting for Monies which may come into the Hands of the said Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District for the Purposes of that Act, and for the auditing the Accounts of the said Receiver, and the Powers and Liabilities of the said Receiver, shall be deemed and taken to extend to the said Receiver in respect to the said Horse Patrol, so far as the same may be applicable, as fully and entirely as if the same were herein expressed and enacted.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District shall stand possessed of all the Horses, Arms, Accoutrements, and other Necessaries which have been furnished and are in the Use or Possession of the said Horse Patrol, and make all such Contracts or Disbursements as shall be necessary for renting any Land or Buildings, or for erecting, fitting up, furnishing, or repairing any Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct; and of all Lands and Buildings so to be rented, and of the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all Goods and Chattels whatsoever to be from Time to Time held or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property acquired therein shall be vested in the said Receiver for the Time being; and the said Receiver may, by the Directions of such Principal Secretary of State, sell, assign, or dispose of the Whole or any Part of such Property as aforesaid, and shall execute all such lawful Matters for carrying this Act into execution as such Principal Secretary of State shall from Time to Time direct.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, out of the Monies so received by him on account of the said Horse Patrol, shall from Time to Time pay to the Horse Patrol such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, and at such Periods, as One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct, and also any extraordinary Expences which they shall appear to have necessarily incurred in apprehending Offenders, and executing the Orders of either of the Justices, such Expences being first examined and approved by One of the said Justices; and the Receiver shall likewise pay any further Sums which such Principal Secretary of State shall direct to be paid to any of the Persons belonging to the said Horse Patrol, as a Reward for extraordinary Diligence or Exertion, or as a Compensation for Wounds or severe Injuries received in the Performance of their Duty, or as an Allowance to such of them m shall be disabled by bodily Injury received, or shall be worn out

Such Monies to be paid into the Bank of England.

Extending certain Powers of Act 10 G. 4. to this Act.

Horses, Arms, &c. of Horse Patrol vested in Receiver of Metropolitan Police.

The said Receiver to pay Wages of Horse Patrol, and Expences connected therewith.

C. 50*51

6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Certain Provisions of recited Act extended to this Act.

Horse Patrol not to be allowed to vote, or otherwise interfere in Elections, except in discharge of their official Duties.

Act may be altered.

The Lord Lieutenant may transfer the Richmond General Peni *

hr Length of Service, and he shall also pay all other Charges and Sixpences which such Principal Secretary of State shall direct to be paid for carrying this Act into execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in the herein-before mentioned Act for the Punishment of Offences and Recovery and Application of Penalties shall be deemed and taken to extend to any Offence committed against this Act, so far as the same may be applicable, as fully and entirely as if the same were herein expressed and enacted.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Person who after the passing of this Act may be appointed to the said Horse Patrol shall, during the Time that he shall continue a Member thereof, or within Six Calendar Months after be shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford* Essex* or Kent* or for any City or Borough within the Metropolitan Police District, nor shall, by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for any such County, City, or Borough; and if any such Person belonging to the said Horse Patrol shall offend therein he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same by Action of Debt to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Commission of the Offence; and one Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the said Horse Patrol: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall subject any such Person belonging to the said Horse Patrol to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his official Duty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament

CAP. LI.

An Act for converting the Richmond General Penitentiary into one of the Prisons for the County of the City of Dublin* and to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to make better Provision than nGW exists for the Accommodation and Classification of c Prisoners in the County of the City of Dublin, and to make

other Provisions respecting the Prisons in the said County of the

City of Dublin i Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at any Time after the passing of this Act, by Warrant under his or their Hand and

8 Seal,

A.D. lffifr 6' & 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 5L

255

Seal, to grant and convey the Prison called the Richmond General Penitentiary, and the Site thereof, and the Courts, Yards, Out-offices, Buddings, and Appurtenances belonging thereto, to the Commissioners appointed in the last Hilary Term by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dttblin for causing an additional Priam for Male Felons to be built within the Boundary Walls of the Rkkaumd Bridewell, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and of an Act made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Lam rioting to Prisons in Ireland; and the said Richmond General Penitentiary, and the Site thereof, and the Courts, Yards, Oat-offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall thereupon become and be vested in the said Commissioners accordingly, and shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, Part of the said County of the City of Dublin, and to be one of the Prisons of and for the said County of the City of Dublin, and be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts passed or to be passed for the Regulation of the Prisons within the said City, and the Classification and Custody of Pri-where therein, and the Duty of the several Officers and Attendants belonging thereto, save as the same may be altered by this Act; and the Removal of any Prisoner who might by Law be confined in any Prison within the County of the City of Dublin to or from the said Richmond General Penitentiary shall not be deemed an Escape of such Prisoner, although in such Removal he or she may be brought into or through some Part of the County of Dublin.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Expence of altering, enlarging, and repairing the said Prison, and of paying the Salaries and Allowances of the Gaolers, Keepers, Local Inspectors, Matrons, Servants, Turnkeys, and their Assistants, Medical and other Officers to be appointed to the said Prison, or to any Home of Correction within the same, or within the Boundary Wall thereof, and of the providing Food, Fuel, Furniture, Utensils, Bedding, Clothing, and other Necessaries for the Prisoners therein, shall be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin; and in case such Grand Jury shall at any Tune refuse or neglect to make such Presentment or Provision after having been properly called upon and directed by the Court or Judges to make the same, then and in every such Case the said Court or Judges are hereby empowered and required to direct that the Amount of the Sum which ought to have been presented shall be added to the Warrant of the Treasury of the said County of the City of Dublin, and the same shall be raised, levied, applotted, and assessed in like Manner as any Presentment duly made upon the said County.

ILL. And be it further enacted, That the Local Inspector, Chaplains, Surgeon, Physician, and Apothecary of the said Prison shall be appointed from Time to Time by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin as provided by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth for the Prisons now established in the said County of the City of

Dublin,

tentiary to the Commissioners appointed by the Grand Jury.

7 G.4. c. 74.

The Expences of repairing Buildings, Salaries of Officers, and Support of Prisoners to be paid by Grand Jury Presentment.

Local Inspector, Chaplains, and Medical Officers to be appointed by the Grand Jury; Gaolers, Matrons, &c. by

C»51.

6# & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

the Lord Lieutenant.

The Lord Lieutenant may discontinue the Smithfield Penitentiary as a Prison for the County of Dublin.

So much of 48 G. 3. c. 140. as relates to the Exercise of any Power by Divi-

Dublin, and that the Keepers, Matrons, and other Attendants Servants and Turnkeys, and their Assistants, of and for the said Prisons, shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, according to such Establishment and with such Salaries and Allowances as shall be certified from Time to Time by the Inspectors General of Prisons, under their Hands, to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and approved of by him or them a* being sufficient and necessary for the Care and Management of the said Prison and the Prisoners therein: Provided always, that the Sheriffs of the County of the City of Dublin shall not br answerable for the safe Custody of any Prisoner confined in the said Prison or any Part thereof, or any Building situate within the Walls thereof; and provided also, that the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison shall not be entitled to any Presentment for or in lieu of Fees on the Acquittal, Conviction, or Discharge of an? Prisoner.

IV. And whereas upon the Establishment of the said Prison ' under this Act it will be unnecessary to continue the SmithfiAd 4 Penitentiary as a Place of Confinement for Prisoners for the County of the City of Dublin, and the same may be conveniently employed as a Depot for Prisoners convicted and sentenced to Transportation, or for other Purposes be it therefore further enacted, That when the said Prison hereby directed to be vested in the said Commissioners shall be made fit for the Reception and safe-keeping of such Prisoners as may be lawfully confined therein, and the Inspectors General of Prisons shall certif y the same under their Hands to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and to the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to direct, by Warrant under his or their Hand, that the said Smithfield Penitentiary shall thenceforth be discontinued to be and shall no longer be used as a Bridewell or Prison for Prisoners of or from the County of the City of DukUn* and to direct the Removal of the Prisoners then confined therein to such other Prison or Prisons in the County of the City of Dublin as to him or them may seem fit, and from thenceforth no Presentment shall be made by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin for or on account of the said Smithfield Penitentiary, or of any other Expenditure connected therewith; and the same, and all Yards, Grounds, Outhouses, Offices, and Buildings connected therewith, shall and may be employed, under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, as a Dep6t for Convicts sentenced to Transportation, or for such other Purposes as he or they may think fit; and the same shall become and be legally vested in such Person or Persons as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland may direct, in Trust for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act such Parts of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 51.

257

Justice of the Peaces and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis, as relate to the Appointment of any Officer, or to the Exercise of any Power or Authority in any Gaols, Houses of Correction, Marshalseas, Bride-wells, or other Prisons within the County of the City of Dublin by the Divisional Justices of the Castle Division of4 the Head Office of Police, be and the same are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth ah excepts the County of the City of Dublin from the Operation of that Part of the said Act under which the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City, or County of a Town throughout Ireland is authorized and required to appoint a Board of Superintendence, with certain Powers and Duties as in the said Act set forth, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin aforesaid shall and may, at the next Presenting Term after the passing of this Act, and at every succeeding Presenting Term, and they are hereby authorized and required, to appoint a Board of Superintendence of every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison within the said County of the City of Dublin, supported in part or in the whole by Grand Jury Presentment, under the same Regulations, possessing the same Powers, and to perform the same Duties as are specified and set forth in the said last-recited Act respecting the Boards of Superintendence appointed in the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns respectively throughout Ireland; and that all the Provisions of the said last-recited Act relating to Boards of Superintendence shall apply to and have full Force and Effect in all Things relating to such Prisons of the said County of the City of Dublin in the same Manner as in those of every other County, County of a City, or County of a Town throughout Ireland; and in case any of the said Offices to which the said Grand Jury are by this Act authorized to appoint shall become vacant between Two Presenting Terms, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Board of Superintendence to appoint a new Officer to fill such Vacancy, who shall hold and exercise such Office until a new Appointment shall b& made thereto by the said Grand Jury, as fully and effectually as such provisional Appointment might have been heretofore made by the Sheriff of the said County of the City of Dublin: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the Regulations in the said recited Act contained respecting the Appointment or Salaries of Medical Officers or Chaplains by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of the said recited Act with respect to Prisoners who shall not be of sufficient Ability to procure Food and other Necessaries, and also with respect to Prisoners confined or detained at the Suit of any Creditor or Creditors for any Debt less than the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Payment to them by such Creditor or Creditors of any weekly Sum, and for their Discharge in default of such Payment, shall be deemed and taken to apply and extend to Prisoners confined in the Marshalsea of the City of Dublin as My as to Prisoners confined in any other Prison in Ireland. 6*7Gui, .IY. S CAP,

sional Justices over Gaols, &c. repealed.

Part of 7 G. 4. c. 74. repealed.

Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dub? lin to appoint a Board of Super* intendence as in othei Counties under the 7 G. 4. c. 74.

Provisions hi recited Act regarding poor Prisoners to extend to Prisoners confined in the Marshalsetf, Dublin.

25B

C. 52.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

43 G. S. c. 69.

5 G. 4. c. 55.

Duties and Drawbacks on stained Paper repealed.

CAP. LII.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawback* of Excise on Paper printed, painted, or stained in the United Kingdom; and to reduce the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Paste-board, and Scale-board, made in the United Kingdom, of the First Class; and to discontinue the Excise Survey on the Manufacturers of certain Articles made from Paper, and on Dealers in and Retailers of Vinegar.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for repealing the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties of Excise were granted and imposed for every Yard Square of Paper which should be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain to serve for hanging or other Uses, over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof, and certain Drawbacks were made payable on the Exportation of Paper so printed, painted, or stained; and by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for assimilating the Duties and Drawbacks on Hides, Skins, Leather, Parchment, Paper, and Paper-hangings manufactured in Ireland to the Duties and Drawbacks payable on the like Articles in Great Britain, and for equalizing the Measures and Weights whereby the Duties of Excise and Customs should be payable throughout the United Kingdom, 4 the like Duties and Drawbacks were granted, imposed, and made payable on Paper printed, painted, or stained in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties and Drawbacks, with the Duties payable on Licences taken out by Printers, 4 Painters, and Stainers of Paper, should be repealed: And whereas by the said recited Acts respectively the Duties of Excise on Paper and other Articles of Paper or Paper Materials made in Great Britain and Ireland are imposed and charged on such Paper and other Articles according to the Class or Denomination thereof, whether First .Class or Second Class, distinguished by the Materials from which such Paper or other Articles may be made: And whereas the said Distinction of First and Second Class Paper is found inconvenient; and it is therefore expedient to reduce the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Excise now payable on Paper and other Articles of the First Class made in the United Kingdom, and, in lieu thereof, to render the same liable only to the Duty now payable on Paper of the Second Class, so as to impose one uniform Duty, and to reduce the Allowances and Drawbacks in proportion Be it therefore enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jufy One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six all the Duties of Excise on Paper printed, painted, or stained in the United Kingdom, and all Drawbacks on such Paper exported therefrom, and all Duties on

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

259

on Licences to be taken out by any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of

Paper, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided Proviso u to

always, that any of the said Duties which may have been charged Duties charged

on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and any Arrear thereof, and any Drawback

which saj be payable on any such printed, painted, or stained

Paper duly exported on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, shall be payable and paid;

and aH sock Duties and Drawbacks, and all Fines, Forfeitures,

Pains, and Penalties incurred in relation to the Duties and Drawbacks hereby repealed, on or before the said Fifth Day of July dial/ and may be sued for, levied, and recovered and paid in the same Maimer as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Duties and Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, the Drawbacks on Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Excise now payable on pC 8cve1 . Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button- n^Cned^to board. Mill-board, Paste-board, and Scale-board made in the United cease after kingdom of Materials of the First Class, shall cease and deter- loth October mine: Provided always, that any of the said Duties which may 1836. hare been charged on or before the said Tenth Day of October Proviso respect-One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and any Arrear "g Arrears, thereof, and all Allowances on any such Paper which shall become due or payable on or before that Day, and all Drawbacks in respect of any Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Piper, Button-board, Mill-board, Paste-board, or Scale-board, or any Books, exported on or before the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, payable at the higher Rate of the First Class, shall be paid at such Rate, and may be sued for, levied, and recovered in the same Manner as if such Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks had not been repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Duty of 1W. Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six P«r Pound the Duty of One Penny Halfpenny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois now charged and payable on Paper of the Second Class shall be charged and paid on all Paper, Glazed Paper, madTin the Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Paste- United King-board, and Scale-board, of whatever Kin4 or Description, which dom. shall be made in the United Kingdom, without reference to the Sort, Kind, or Quality of the Materials employed in the Manufacture thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Allowances and Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six Drawbacks on the Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise payable on Paper, all^aperJ&c' Blazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board,

Milhboard, Paste-board, and Scale-board made in the United Kingdom of Materials of the First Class, and on Books, shall be (educed and paid at the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Ifound Weight Avoirdupois thereof, being the Duty now payable m Paper of the Second Class, and hereafter to be charged on Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-huard, Mill-board, Paste-board, and Scale-board of every Description.

260

C. 62.

6° & 7°. GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Drawback on Stained Paper exported to be 2d. for every Dozen Square Yards.

Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks to be collected and paid under former existing Regulations.

Makers not to be required to write on the Label the Class of Paper.

Penalty for not obliterating or defacing Labels reduced from 2001, to 10/. for each Label.

V. And whereas it is difficult to weigh Paper printed, painted,

or stained, and it is therefore necessary to grant the Drawback thereon in respect of the Duty charged on the Paper when made by the Square Yardbe it therefore further enacted, That for every Dozen Square Yards of Paper printed, painted, or stained in the United Kingdom, and exported as Merchandize, there shall be granted and paid a Drawback of Two-pence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Act extended and made general shall continue under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and that the said Duties and the Allowances and Drawbacks hereby reduced shall continue to be respectively raised, levied, collected, and recovered, allowed, and paid, in such and the like Manner as heretofore, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, and Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever for any Offence committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament on and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, for securing the Revenue of Excise, or any Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall be and are hereby directed and declared to continue and to extend to, and the same shall be respectively applied, practised; and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Excise, in as full and ample & Manner as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisoes. Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six no Maker shall be required to write on the Label affixed on the Wrapper or Cover of any Ream or Parcel of Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, or Scale-board, the Class or Denomination thereof, anj thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of th(4 Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better securing the Excise Duties on Paper and Paste board, every Stationer and other Person is required, upon open ing any Ream of Paper, or Parcel of Mill-board, Button board, Button Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Paste board, or Scale-board, forthwith to permanently cancel, deface and obliterate the Label, and the several Stamps and Impression] 4 of Stamps thereon, and on the Wrappers and Covers of ever such Ream or Parcel, and every Part of such Label, Stamps, an Impressions respectively, without separating, detaching, or takinj such Label from off such Cover or Wrappers, under a Penalty c 4 Two hundred Pounds for each such Wrapper, Cover, or Label And whereas such Penalty of Two hundred Pounds is excessive be it therefore further enacted, That every Stationer and othe Person shall, on opening any Ream or Parcel of Paper, Glaze Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-boanj Paste-board, or Scale-board, immediately write in large Letters ii Ink upon the Label attached to the Cover or Wrapper the Won

44 Opened,

6°&7° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

261

aOpened/* or shall cross such Label with Ink, or otherwise permanently cancel, obliterate, and deface the same, so as to prevent the said Label from being again made use of by any Manufacturer, and every Stationer or other Person who shall not, on opening any such Ream or Parcel as aforesaid, immediately so write on, cross, or otherwise cancel, obliterate, or deface such Label, or in whose Possession any such Label, whether attached or not to any Wrapper or Cover which shall have been opened, shall be found not so written upon, crossed, or otherwise cancelled, obliterated, or defaced, shall forfeit for each such Label Ten Pounds, and every such Label, with any Wrapper or Cover to which the same may be attached, shall also be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for better securing the Excise Dudes on Paper and Pasteboard, as enacts," that every Maker and Manufacturer of Paste-board (not made at any Mill) from Paper of the First Class and Denomination only, for being cut into and sold by him or her as Cards, not exceeding the Size of Sixty-four Square Inches, or Playing Cards, and every Maker ef Bottle-stands, Spectacle Cases, Tea-trays, or any other Wares or Articles of Merchandize made from or with Paper pasted or united together and moulded into such Articles, shall be deemed a Paste-board Maker, and shall be subject and liable to take out and pay for a Licence as a Paste-board Maker, and to make Entry of his or her Premises as such at the proper Office of Excise, and that every such Maker and Manufacturer shall from Time to Time give Notice as a Paste-board Maker, and as required by Law of Paste-board Makers, of opening any Reams of Paper for the Purpose of the Sheets thereof being pasted or united together as aforesaid, and shall at the End of every such Quarter of a Year as aforesaid make and render to the proper Officer of Excise an Entry in Writing, signed by such Maker or his Foreman with his Christian and Surname, of the whole Weight «f the Paper, distinguishing the Class or Denomination thereof, used and employed by him or her in such Quarter as aforesaid, and that he and she respectively have not in such Quarter used or employed, or permitted to be used or employed as aforesaid, any other than such Paper as was opened in the Presence of the proper Officer, and is mentioned and entered in such quarterly Account as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Manufacturer as aforesaid shah neglect or refuse to take out and pay for such Licence as aforesaid, or to make such Entry at the proper Office of Excise as aforesaid, or to make or render such quarterly Entry or Account as aforesaid, or shall not make true and faithful Entries and Accounts as aforesaid, or any such Paste-board Maker for Cards as aforesaid shall use or employ any other than First Class Paper for that Purpose, or shall make or sell any Paste-board except cut into Cards, not exceeding the Size of Sixty-four Square Inches, or Playing Cards, every such Maker or Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and no such Maker or Manufacturer as aforesaid who shall take out and pay for such Licence and make such Entry at the next Office of Excise, and make and render such quarterly

S 3 Account

So much of 1 G. 4. c. 58. as requires Paste-board Maker to take out a Licence and make Entry of his Premises,

&c. repealed.

C. 52.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

So much of 58 G. 3. c. 65. as authorises the Surrey of Dealers in and Retailers of Vinegar repealed.

Account as aforesaid, and observe, fulfil, and keep the Conditions herein-before mentioned, shall be subject or liable to any other of the Rules or Regulations relating to Makers of Paste-board, any thing to the contrary thereof in any other Act or Acts notwithstanding/' shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And whereas it is deemed unnecessary to continue the ' Survey by the Officers of Excise on Dealers in and Retailed V of Vinegar be it therefore enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Dutia of Excise on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties is lieu thereof and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excut on Vinegar or Acetous Acid, as enacts," that all and every Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall make Entry at the nearest Office of Excise of his, her, or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop, or other Place or Places in which he, she, or they shall store, deposit, or keep such Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquor aforesaid, and before receiving any Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors aforesaid for Sale; and that every such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller (not being & Vinegar Maker or Makers at any entered Place or Places within the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from such Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop, or other Place or Places,) shall, upon Demand, receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, and to be kept by every such Dealer in, Retailer, and Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid in some public and open Part of his, her, or their entered Premises, and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen no Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one Time shall be sold, sent out, or delivered by any such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid to any Person or Persons whatsoever without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid selling, sending out, or delivering the same, or some Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, and the Strength thereof (if above Proof) , to whom sold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid thereon; and that every such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid selling, sending out, or delivering any Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one Time as aforesaid shall at the same Time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the same Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid, and that such Book with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid shall at all Times lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be delivered by such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous? Acid shall refuse or neglect to make such

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

263

Entry as aforesaid of all his, her, or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars, Shops, and other Places for storing or keeping Vinegar or Aeetous Acid, or shall at any Time obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering therein, or inspecting, saneying, weighing, or taking an Account of his, her, or their Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or shall conceal any Part of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or shall sell, send out, or deliver any Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one Time unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall .convey away or conceal any such Book or Books as aforesaid, or cancel, obliterate, destroy, or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, o' " ' i

Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any Time neglect or refuse when required to give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid so offending shall for every uch Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons removing or removed from the Stock of any such Dealer of Dealers as aforesaid without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid found in the Possession of any unentered Dealer in, Retailer, or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or in any unentered Warehouse, Store-home, Cellar, Shop, or other Place of any Dealer in or Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons removing, carrying, or conveying the same, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds," kali be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for allow- Paper Makers ing Paper and Paste-board of the First Class, and Glazed Paper, ending to Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, and Scale-board, which may be charged with Duty and received by

Stationers, Makers of Paste-board, or Printers or Stainers of Paper Stainers Stained Paper on or before the said Tenth Day of October One First Class thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, to be sent into con- Pftper charged sumption or made use of after the said Tenth Day of October

at the reduced Rate of Duty; be it therefore enacted, That it lotMJctober, shall be lawful for any Maker of Paper who shall sell or send out may, upon to m Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Notice, send Stained Paper, any Paper or Paste-board of the First Class, or with crti-any Glued Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board,

Mill-board, or Scale-board which shall be charged with Duty berTthe Holder" before the said Tenth Day of October, to give Notice to the Officer may obtain a of Excise under whose Survey he shall be, that he intends to send Remission of out such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, the Duty Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board, with a educed Certificate for enabling the Person to whom the same is to be tc *

* nt, describing such Person in such Notice, to obtain a Remission

of Excise in inspecting

S

of

264

C. 62.

6° & T GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Form of Certificate.

Manner of proceeding with Certificate

Sample of Paper, &c. intended to removed to be delivered to the Officer of Excise.

of the Duty thereon, and requiring such Officer to attend and take an Account of the same, at a Time to be mentioned in such Notice, not being less than Six Hours from giving the same; and the Officer of Excise receiving such Notice shall attend at the Time mentioned therein, and such Maker of Paper shall produce to such Officer of Excise all the said Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board so intended to be sent out, duly tied up in Reams or Bundles, and labelled and charged with Duty, and also a Certificate signed by such Maker or his chief Workman in form following; (that is to say,)

Quarter 18S6.

4 Rounds 1836.

Collection.

4 Division.

4 Stationer [or Paste-board Maker or Paper Stainer, as the Caw 4 may be, "] at, Reams [or Bundles] of

weighing, and that the same were charged with Duty at the Rate of per Pound or

per Hundred Weight on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, the Particulars of the Numbers and estimated Weight as under. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

4 Progressive N. (Signed) Paper Maker.

4 Estimated Weight And the said Officer of Excise having examined and taken ao Account of the said Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board and ascertained that the same corresponds in all Particulars with the said Certificate, and is in all respects correct, shall sign the said Certificate, and make Entry thereof in his Survey Book, and such Certificate shall then be transmitted with the said Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board to the Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper to whom such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board is to be removed, and on all such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, and Scale-board which shall be so removed with Certificate, and which shall after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six be produced to the Officers of Excise, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to allow a Remission of the Duty under the Regulations of this Act to the Extent of the Difference between the Duty charged and the reduced Amount of Duty hereafter payable under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Paper shall at the Time of producing such Certificate to the Officer of Excise also produce and deliver to him a Sample Sheet of the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board, intended to be removed with such Certificate, which Sample the said Officer

8 shall

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 52.

265

shall receive, and enter thereon the Particulars of the Certificate, and retain the same in his Possession, to be disposed of as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, and if such Officer shall have any Doubt of such Sample being a true Sample it shall be lawful for him to open any Ream or Bundle and examine and compare such Sample with the Contents of such Ream or Bundle.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper by whom any such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board shall be received with Certificate as aforesaid, shall keep the same in his Stock separate and apart from all other Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board, with the Wrappers unopened (except as hereinafter provided) , and free to the Inspection of any Officer of Excise until after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six: Provided always, that in case any Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper shall require to sell or make use of any such Paper, Pasteboard, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board before the said Tenth Day of October, it shall be lawful for him so to do, and in such Case such Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper shall specify on the Certificate received with such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board the particular Ream or Reams or Bundle or Bundles sold, opened, or made use of.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper, who shall be desirous of obtaining the said Remission of Duty on any such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board in his Possession, shall, ifter the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred ami thirty-six, make Application for the same, if within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise to the Commissioners of Excise, and out of the said Limits to the Supervisor of Excise of the District, and every such Application shall be in the Form following; (that is to say,)

I C.ZX, Stationer, [or Paste-board Maker or Paper Stainer, as the Case may be,] do claim an Allowance of per Pound [or per Hundred Weight] on Reams [or

Bundles] of weighing Pounds [or Hun-

died Weights], Amount; and I do declare the said

4 Reams [or Bundles] to be Reams [or

Bundles] [or Part of Reams or Bundles] of

received by me on the Day of from the

4 Mill of A.B. Paper Maker, at with a Certificate

bearing Date the Day of

((Signed) C.D.' And ffie Officers of Excise appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, and the Supervisors of Excise to whom such Application shall be made out of the said Limits, shall attend at the respective

Houses

Stationer, &c. receiving such Paper to keep it apart, Ac., unless it is wanted for immediate Consumption, when a Memorandum of the Reams made use of shall be made on the Certificate.

After 10th October Claim to be made for the Allowance in the following Form.

Proceedings upon Claim made.

266

C. 52.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1856.

Houses or Premises of the Stationers, Makers of Paste-board, or Printers or Stainers of Stained Paper making such Applications, and every such Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper shall produce to the Officer or Supervisor so attending all the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, and Scale-board in respect of which the Allowance shall be claimed, and the Certificates received with the same; and every such Officer and Supervisor shall examine all the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, and Scale-board so produced, and shall weigh and take an Account of the same, and shall compare the same with the Certificates produced; and if on such Examination and Compare such Officer or Supervisor shall be satisfied that the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board produced is the same which was received with the Certificates, such Officer or Supervisor shall make out and deliver j to the Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of i Stained Paper claiming the Allowance a Certificate in such Form | and with such Particulars as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct, setting forth that such Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper is entitled to the Allowance on the Number of Pounds or Hundred Weight weighed and ascertained by such Officer or Supervisor to be paid to such Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper by the Commissioners or Collector of Excise, and the Officer or Supervisor giving such Certificate shall take into his Custody and Possession all the Certificates produced to him, and shall dispose of the same in such Manner as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct.

Allowances to

XV. And whereas the Duties on Paper are not payable by

jjf the Makers of Paper until several Weeks after the same are

after the Charee charge whereby a Loss may arise to the Revenue if all such

of Duty. g Allowances were to be paid immediately after the Tenth Day of October; be it therefore enacted, That the Officers and Supervisors of Excise in making out the said Certificates given for the receiving of the said Allowances shall specify therein the Time when the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board in respect of which such Allowance shall be claimed respectively shall have been charged with Duty, and also the Time when each Amount of Allowance shall be payable, such Time being not less than Twelve Weeks alter the Date of the Charge of Duty; and if any Maker of Paper who shall have sent out any Paper, Paste-board, Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board, with Certificate as aforesaid, shall fail to pay the Duty charged thereon, so that the same shall be lost to His Majesty, the Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper to whom such Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board shall have been sent shall not be entitled to receive the Allowance thereon.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Stationer, Maker

fraudulently of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper, shall receive

, !, mining or r

C. 52.

261

any Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board under any false or untrue Certificate, or shall produce to any Officer of Excise any false or untrue Certificate, or any Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board, not entitled to the Allowance, in order to claim an Allowance thereon, or shall by any Deceit, Art, or Contrivance fraudulently obtain or attempt to obtain any Allowance to which such Party shall not be entitled, or to a greater Amount than he ought to receive, every such Stationer, Maker of Paste-board, or Printer or Stainer of Stained Paper shall forfeit all the Paper, Paste-board, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, or Scale-board produced by him, with all Allowances claimed by him, and Five hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, and Scale-board (except Scale-board made from Wood) , of whatever Materials made, and whether made by the Materials bang reduced to Pulp and moulded or by being pressed or otherwise manufactured, shall be deemed and taken to be Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Paste-board, and Scale-board within the Meaning of this Act, and the Acts for securing the Duties of Excise on Paper, and shall be charged with Duty accordingly; and the Makers thereof shall and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to all the Laws, Enactments, Rules, and Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in force to which Makers of Paper, Glazed Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, and Scale-board are subject and liable under the Laws of Excise: Provided always, that until the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight nothing herein contained shall extend to subject to a Duty or to any Regulations of the Excise on any Goods, Wares, or Articles manufactured under a Patent bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of February in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty granted to Thomas Robertson Williams Esquire late of Norfolk Street, Strand, for securing to the said Thomas Robertson Williams and his Assigns the Benefit of an Invention, as set forth in the said Patent, of a new Combination of fibrous Materials, forming by means of Machinery artificial Skins which may be applied to the Purposes for which Skins, Leather, Vellum, and Parchment are used, and which Patent is now by Assignment vested in Charles Stanbridge and William Forbes Marshall of the Parish of St Luke's in the County of Middlesex.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed, altered, or amended by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

attempting to obtain the Allowance.

All Paper, Glased Paper, Sheathing Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, and Scale-board, of whatever Materials and in whatever Manner manufactured to be subject to Duty,

[Proviso.]

Act may be altered this Session.

C. 53, 54.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Admiralty Jurisdiction existing at Fort William extended to Prince of Wales's Island, &c.

By whom the ' Warrant to be countersigned.

Repeal of so much of the Acts 4 G. 3. c. 24.

9 G. 3. c. 35.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Admiralty Jurisdiction to the Court of Judicature of Prince of Waleds Island, Singapore, and Malacca.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty's Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales s Island, Singapore, and

4 Malacca should have Jurisdiction as a Court of Admiralty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and nuty be lawful for His Majesty, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to grant and commit to the said Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales s Island, Singapore, and Malacca, Powers and Authorities for the Exercise of Admiralty Jurisdiction to the same Extent in all respects as His Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature at Fori William in Bengal is now by virtue of any Charter or Acts of Parliament authorized to exercise any Admiralty Jurisdiction.

II. And be it further enacted, That when it shall please His Majesty to issue any Charter or Letters Patent by virtue of this Act, the Warrant for such Charter or Letters Patent shall be countersigned by the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and by no other Person.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force relating to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post are contained in

various Acts of Parliament passed in a Series of Years, and it is ' expedient that the same should be consolidated and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for discontinuing upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron and certain Naval Stores unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Nary; to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of Bis present Majesty 8 Reign as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Office of the Principal Secretaries of State far the Advantages

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

269

nek Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Fronds and Abuses in relation to die sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, and to explain and amend the said Act; and of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland; and of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and private Men in the Navy and Army whilst on Service to send and more Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Pattern and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an saner Rate than is now allowed by Law; and of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post free from the Duty of Postage by the Members of the Two Houses in Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers therein named, and for reducing the Postage <m such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons; and of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Rales and Duties in Great Britain on the Conveyance of Letters; and of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Postage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies, and to make other Regulations respecting the Postage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets sent by the Post; and of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by Packet Boats between Great Britain and Ireland and the British Colonies, and also in the United Kingdom; and of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Duties of Postage in Great Britain and Ireland; and of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Newspapers by Post between the United Kingdom, the British Colonies, and Foreign Parts; and of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Accommodation by the Post to and from Foreign Parts, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office, as relates to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post, shall from and after the passing of this Act be repealed, except so far as the same may repeal the Whole or any Part of any other Acts, and except so far as respects any Sums of Money, Arrears of Duties, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, or Things which at any Time before the passing of this Act shall have become due or

owing

24 G. s. c. 6.

35 G. 8. C. 5S.

42 G. S. c. 63.

45 G. 3. c. 11.

59 G.3. c. 111.

6 G. 4. c. 68.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 21.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 44. and

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 25. as relates to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post. Exceptions,

270

C. 54.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Newspapers to go free within the U.K.

Newspapers sent by the General Post and delivered by the Penny or Twopenny Post, and vice vers&, to go free.

Newspapers sent by Twopenny Post only to pay IdL;

and may be sent within Post Towns at the like Rate.

Newspapers sent from the United Kingdom by Packets to the Colonies to go free; and also from the Colonies to the United Kingdom.

owing or recoverable, or been had, made, or done under or by virtue or in pursuance of any of the said Acts herein-before referred to, or any of the Powers or Authorities therein contained; and all which Sums of Money, Arrears of Duties, Fines, Penalties, Matters, and Things shall and may be had, sued for, recovered, received, and dealt with as if this Act had not been passed; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped shall and may be sent by the General Post to and from any Post Towns and Places within the United Kingdom free of the Duty of Postage.

III. And be it further enacted, That every printed Newspaper liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped addressed to any Person within the United Kingdom, originally sent by the General Post from one Post Town to another Post Town within the United Kingdom, and directed to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Post, and afterwards delivered by the Penny or Twopenny Post of any City, Town, or Place to which the same shall be sent, and also every such Newspaper originally sent by the Penny or Two-penny Post of any City, Town, or Place within the United Kingdom, and afterwards passing through the General Post from one Post Town to another Post Town within the United Kingdom, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be addressed, within the said United Kingdom, free from all Duty of Postage whatsoever, as well in respect of the said General as of the said Penny or Two-penny Post.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to authorize the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Two-penny Post at a reduced Rate of Postagebe it therefore further enacted, That all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped which shall not have passed or be intended to pass through the General Post, shall Slid - may be sent by the Penny or Two-penny Post of any City, Town, or Place within the United Kingdom at the Rate of One Penny each; and that all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, put into the Post Office or any General Post Receiving-house of any Post Town or Place within the United Kingdom, addressed to any Person within the Limits of the same Town or Place or the Suburbs thereof, shall and may be sent and conveyed within such Town or Place at the like Rate of One Penny each; and the said respective Rates shall and may be demanded, had, received, and taken by the Postmaster General, his Deputy and Deputies; to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors accordingly.

V. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped for Conveyance by Packet Boats from the United Kingdom to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas, and to forward and convey the same accordingly free of the Duty of Postage; and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions

beyond

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

2V1

beyond the Seas, to receive Newspapers printed and published within such Colonies or Possessions for Conveyance by Packet Boats to the United Kingdom, and to deliver the same by the Post within the United Kingdom free of the Duty of Postage.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Newspapers for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Depu- from one Colony ties, in any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the ep^rt Seas, to receive Newspapers printed and published within such ^eCm Colonies or Possessions for Conveyance by Packet Boats, directed to any Person or Place within any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, to pass through the United Kingdom, and the same shall be forwarded and conveyed accordingly free of the Duty of Postage.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Newspapers for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Depu- from the ties, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed p'K\to . Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, directed vate^Wpauf" to Places within any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions pay id. beyond the Seas, and to forward the same by any Ships or

Vessels that he in his Discretion may think fit (not being Packet Boats) , and to demand, have, receive, and take for every Newspaper which shall be delivered to him or his Deputies for Conveyance in manner last aforesaid the Sum of One Penny.

VOL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Newspapers His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, brought into for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, Clonic*5 have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Newspaper private Shim to printed within His Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the pay id.

Sea8, and brought into the United Kingdom by any Ship or Vessel (other than & Packet Boat) , and delivered by the Commander of any such Ship or Vessel at any Post Office, the Sum of One Penny on Delivery thereof within the United Kingdom to the Person to whom the same shall be addressed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Newspapers to for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Depu- or from Foreign ties, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed -^u^nes to Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped for Con- w veyance by Packet Boats, or by any Ship or Vessel other than a Packet Boat, from the United Kingdom to any Port out of the United Kingdom (other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas) , and to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every such Newspaper to any Foreign Port the Sum of Two-pence, to be paid when the same shall be put into the Post Office; and also to demand, have, receive, and take for every Newspaper printed in any Kingdom or State beyond the Sett (other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions) , and brought into the United Kingdom by Packet Boats, or by any Ship or Vessel other than a Packet Boat, and delivered by the Commander of any such last-mentioned Ship or Vessel at any Post Office within the United Kingdom (if printed in the Language of the Foreign Kingdom or State from which the same hall be forwarded, but not otherwise) , the Sum of Two-pence, on Delivery thereof to the Person to whom the saipe shall be addressed,

270

6" & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Newspapers to go free within the U. K.

Newspapers sent by the General Post and delivered by the Penny or Twopenny Post, and vice versa, to go free.

Newspapers sent by Twopenny Post only to pay Id .;

and may be sent within Post Towns at the like Rate.

Newspapers sent from the United Kingdom by Packets to the Colonies to go free; and also from the Colonies to the United Kingdom.

C. 54.

owing or recoverable, or been had, made, or dene under or by virtue or in pursuance of any of the said Acts herein-before referred to, or any of the Powers or Authorities therein contained; and all which Sums of Money, Arrears of Duties, Fines, Penalties, Matters, and Things shall and may be had, sued for, recovered, received, and dealt with as if this Act had not been passed; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise J notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped shall and may be sent by the General Post to and from any Post Towns and Places within the United Kingdom free of the Duty of Postage.

III. And be it further enacted, That every printed Newspaper liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped addressed to any Person within the United Kingdom, originally sent by the General Post from one Post Town to another Post Town within the United Kingdom, and directed to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Post, and afterwards delivered by the Penny or Twopenny Post of any City, Town, or Place to which the same shall be sent, and also every such Newspaper originally sent by the Penny or Two-penny Post of any City, Town, or Place within the United Kingdom, and afterwards passing through the General Post from one Post Town to another Post Town within the United Kingdom, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be addressed, within the said United Kingdom, free from all Duty of Postage whatsoever, as well in respect of the said General as of the said Penny or Two-penny Post

IV. And whereas it is expedient to authorize the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Two-penny Post at a reduced Rate of ' Postage; be it therefore further enacted, That all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped which shall not have passed or be intended to pass through the General Post, shall arid-may be sent by the Penny or Two-penny Post of any City, Town, or Place within the United Kingdom at the Rate of One Penny each; and that all printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, put into the Post Office or any General Post Receiving-house of any Post Town or Place within the United Kingdom, addressed to any Person within the Limits of the same Town or Place or the Suburbs thereof, shall and may be sent and conveyed within such Town or Place at the like Rate of One Penny each; and the said respective Rates shall and may be demanded, had, received, and taken by the Postmaster General, his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Hein and Successors accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped for Conveyance by Packet Boats from the United Kingdom to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas, and to forward and convey the same accordingly free of the Duty of Postage; and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions

beyond

A.D. JSS6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

Vt 1

beyond the Seas, to receive Newspapers printed and published within such Colonies or Possessions for Conveyance by Packet Boats to the United Kingdom, and to deliver the same by the Post within the United Kingdom free of the Duty of Postage.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas, to receive Newspapers printed and published within such Colonies or Possessions for Conveyance by Packet Boats, directed to any Person or Place within any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, to pass through the United Kingdom, and the same shall be forwarded and conveyed accordingly free of the Duty of Postage.

171. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, directed to Places within any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas, and to forward the same by any Ships or Vessels that he in his Discretion may think fit (not being Packet Boats) , and to demand, have, receive, and take for every Newspaper which shall be delivered to him or his Deputies for Conveyance in manner last aforesaid the Sum of One Penny.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Newspaper printed within His Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, and brought into the United Kingdom by any Ship or Vessel (other than a Packet Boat) , and delivered by the Commander of any such Ship or Vessel at any Post Office, the Sum of One Penny on Delivery thereof within the United Kingdom to the Person to whom the same shall be addressed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, in the United Kingdom, to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped for Conveyance by Packet Boots, or by any Ship or Vessel other than a Packet Boat, from the United Kingdom to any Port out of the United Kingdom (other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas) , and to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every such Newspaper to any Foreign Port the Sum of Two-pence, to be paid when the same shall be put into the Post Office; and also to demand, have, receive, and take for every Newspaper printed in any Kingdom or State beyond the Sen (other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions) , and brought into the United Kingdom by Packet Boats, or by any Ship or Vessel other than a Packet Boat, and delivered by the Commander of any such last-mentioned Ship or Vessel at any Post Office within the United Kingdom (if printed in the Language of the Foreign Kingdom or State from which the same shall be forwarded, but not otherwise) , the Sum of Two-pence, on Delivery thereof to the Person to whom the same shall be addressed.

Newspapers from one Colony to another, via U.K. by Packet Boat, free.

Newspapers sent from the U. K. to the Colonies by private Ships to pay Id.

Newspapers brought into the U. K. from the Colonies by private Ships to pay Id.

Newspapers to or from Foreign Countries to pay 2d.

272

C. 5*.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

In case satisfactory Pioof is given that any Foreign State receives or sends Newspapers to or from the United Kingdom free of Duty, then no Duty to be charged on Newspapers to or from such State, if by Packet Boat;

or if by other Vessels then only \d.

One Penny to be paid Masters of private Ships for each Newspaper,

dressed, over and above and in addition to any Postage charged thereon by any Foreign Post Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case satisfactory Proof shall be laid before the Postmaster General that Newspapers printed and published within the United Kingdom, addressed to any Person or Place within any Foreign Kingdom or State, are allowed to pass by the Post within any such Foreign Kingdom or State free of Postage, and also that Newspapers addressed to any Person or Place in the United Kingdom from any such Foreign Kingdom or State are allowed to pass by the Post within such Foreign Kingdom or State free of Postage, it shall be lawful for the said Postmaster General and his Deputy and Deputies, after such satisfactory Proof shall be so laid before him, to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, addressed to any Person or Place in any such Foreign Kingdom or State, for Conveyance by Packet Boats from the United Kingdom to any Port out of the United Kingdom other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions, and to forward the same accordingly free from the Duty of Postage; and also to receive from any such Foreign Kingdom or State printed Newspapers sent by Packet Boats, addressed to any Person or Place Within the United Kingdom, and deliver the same free from the Duty of Postage (provided that such Newspapers be printed in the Language of the Foreign Kingdom or State from which the same shall be forwarded, but not otherwise); and also to receive at any Post Office printed Newspapers liable to the Stamp Duty and duly stamped, for Conveyance by Ships or Vessels, other than Packet Boats, to any Port out of the United Kingdom other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions, and to forward the same accordingly, and to demand, have, receive, and take for even* Newspaper which shall be delivered to him, or his Deputy or Deputies, for Conveyance in manner last aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny only, to be paid when the same shall be put into the Post Office; and also to demand, have, receive, and take for every Newspaper printed in any Kingdom or State beyond the Seas (other than His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions) , and brought into the United Kingdom by any Ship or Vessel other than a Packet Boat, and delivered by the Commander of any Ship or Vessel at any Port within the United Kingdom (if printed in the Language of the Foreign Kingdom or State from which the same shall be forwarded, but not otherwise) , the Sum of One Penny only, on Delivery thereof within the United Kingdom to the Person to whom the same shall be addressed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to allow and pay the Masters and Commanders of Ships and Vessels, other than Packet Boats, the Sum of One Penny on every printed Newspaper which shall be brought into the United Kingdom from any Port or Place out of the United Kingdom under the Provisions of this Act, and be delivered by them at the Post Office of the Post Town at which they shall touch or arrive, and the like Sum of One Penny on every printed Newspaper which shall be delivered by the Postmaster General or his Deputies to any such Masters or Commanders for Conveyance to

any

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

275 *

to been printed on such Paper after the same was published, or whether there is any Writing or Mark upon such printed Newspaper or the Cower thereof, or any printed Words or Communication on the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, oi whether there is any Paper or Thing enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Newspaper or the Cover thereof, and also* to ascertain in what Language any Newspaper brought into the United Kingdom from any Foreign Kingdom or State shall be printed, and also in order to discover whether Newspapers printed and posted in the United Kingdom are duly stamped; and in case any Words or Communication shall be found to have been printed on any such Paper after the same was published, or any Writing or Mark shall be found on any such printed Paper or the Cover thereof, or any printed Words or Conummication shall be found on the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, or any ether Paper or Thing shall be found to be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper or the Cover thereof as aforesaid, the whole of every such Newspaper addressed and delivered to any Person within the United Kingdom shall be charged with Treble the Duty of Letter Postage according to the Rates now established by Law; and as to every such Paper going out of the United Kingdom it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General or his Deputy or Deputies, at his or their Discretion, either to detain any such Paper, or to forward the same by the Post charged with Treble the Duty of Letter Postage; and in case any Newspaper printed and posted in the United Kingdom, and sent by the Post under the Provisions of this Act, shall appear not to have been duly stamped, the same shall be stopped and sent to the Commissioners of Stamps either at London or Dublin^ as the Case may be.

XIX. And in order to prevent Frauds on the Revenue of the Post Office, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall enclose or conceal, or cause or procure to be enclosed or concealed, in any Newspaper sent or to be sent by the Post any Letter , : Paper, or Thing, or shall print or cause to be printed any Words or Communication upon any such Newspaper after the same shall have been published, or upon the Cover thereof, or put or place, or cause to be put or placed, any Writing or Marks upon any such Newspaper or the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, or shall knowingly send or cause to be sent by the Post, or tender or deliver in order to be sent by the Post, any Newspaper having enclosed or concealed therein any Letter, Paper, or Thing, or having any Words or Communication printed on such Paper after the same was published, or on the Cover thereof, or having any Writing or Marks upon such Newspaper or the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, every Person so offending shall, forfeit and pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such a Sum of Money as will be equal to Treble the Duty of Letter Postage which, according to the Rates established by Law for the Conveyance of Letters by the Post, would have been payable on such Newspaper or Packet in case the same had been a Letter scot by the Post, which Treble Duty shall be recovered and re-T 2 coverable,

and to charge Treble Postage, &c.

Sender to be Liable to Treble Duty on Attempt to evade the Duty of Postage.

874

C. 64.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Power to extend the Provision* of this Act to Newspapers sent from or to any of the Colonies to or from any Foreign Kingdom or State, viA the United Kingdom.

Newspapers to be sent without Cover or in open Cover.

No Writing or Marks other than the Name and Address allowed.

To be put into Post Office within Seven Days after Date if going out of the United Kingdom.

Power for the Postmaster General to search, &c .;

respective Rates of Two-pence for the Conveyance of any such printed Newspaper to any Foreign Port by Packet Boat or other Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, and on the Delivery of any such printed Newspaper brought from any Foreign Kingdom or State by Packet Boat or other Ship or Vessel, whenever it shall be deemed expedient so to do *

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General in his Discretion, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them, signified by Writing under their Hands, Or under the Hand of any One of the Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries to the Treasury for the Time being, to extend all and every the Provisions, Exemptions, Clauses, Duties, Payments Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, and Enactments, Matters, and Things in this Act contained or referred to relative to Newspapers and to or from the United Kingdom from or to any Foreign Kingdom or State, to Newspapers printed and published in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, and sent through the United Kingdom to any Foreign Kingdom or State, and to Newspapers printed and published in any Foreign Kingdom or State, and sent through the United Kingdom to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas; any thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Newspaper shall be sent by the Post under the Provisions of this present Act unless every such Newspaper shall be sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, so that the same may be duly examined.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Words or Communication shall be printed on any such Newspaper after the same shall have been published, nor any Writing or Marks be *put or placed upon any such Newspaper or the Cover thereof, nor any printed Words or Communication be put or placed on the CoTer thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, and no Letter, Paper, or Thing shall be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper or the Cover thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every printed Newspaper to be sent out of the United Kingdom under the Provisions of this Act shall in all Cases be put into a Post Office or Receiving-house in the United Kingdom within Seven Days next after the Day on which the same shall be published (the Day of Publication to be ascertained by the Date of such Paper); and in case any such Paper shall be put into any Post Office at any Time after the Expiration of such Seven Days it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, or his Deputy or Deputies, at his or their Discretion, either to detain any such Paper, or to forward the same by the Post charged with the full Duty of Letter Postage according to the Rates now established by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his Deputy or Deputies, and any Officers of the Post Office employed under him or them respectively, to examine and search any printed Newspaper which under the Provisions of this Act shall be sent by the Post without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides as aforesaid, in, order to discover whether any Words or Communication have or

has

A.D. 183&

6 & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 54.

275

has been printed on such Paper after the same was published, or whether there is any Writing or Mark upon such printed Newspaper or the Cover thereof, or any printed Words or Communication on the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, of whether there is any Paper or Thing enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Newspaper or the Cover thereof, and .also* to ascertain in what Language any Newspaper brought into the United Kingdom from any Foreign Kingdom or State shall be printed, and also in order to discover whether Newspapers printed and posted in the United Kingdom are duly stamped; and in case any Words or Communication shall be found to have been printed on any such Paper after the same was published, or any Writing or Mark shall be found on any such printed Paper or the Cover thereof, or any printed Words or Communication shall be found on the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, or any other Paper or Thing shall be found to be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper or the Cover thereof as aforesaid, the whole of every such Newspaper addressed and delivered to any Person within the United Kingdom shall be charged with Treble the Duty of Letter Postage according to the Rates now established by Law; and as to every such Paper going out of the United Kingdom it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General or his Deputy or Deputies, at his or their Discretion, either to detain any such Paper, or to forward the same by the Post charged with Treble the Duty of Letter Postage; and in case any Newspaper printed and posted in the United Kingdom, and sent by the Post under the Provisions of this Act, shall appear not to have been duly stamped, the same shall be stopped and sent to the Commissioners of Stamps either at London or Dublin, as the Case may be.

XIX. And in order to prevent Frauds on the Revenue of the Post Office, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall enclose «conceal, or cause or procure to be enclosed or concealed, in any Newspaper sent or to be sent by the Post any Letter , : Paper, or Thing, or shall print or cause to be printed any Words or Communication upon any such Newspaper after the same shall have been published, or upon the Cover thereof, or put or place, or cause to be put or placed, any Writing or Marks upon any such Newspaper or the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, or shall knowingly send or cause to be sent by the Post, or tender or deliver in order to be sent by the Post, any Newspaper having enclosed or concealed therein any Letter, Paper, or Thing, or having any Words or Communication printed on such Paper after the same was published, or on the Cover thereof, or having any Writing or Marks upon such Newspaper or the Cover thereof, other than the Name and Address of the Person to whom it is sent, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such a Sum of Money as will be equal to Treble the Duty of Letter Postage which, according to the Rates established by Law for the Conveyance of Letters by the Post, would have been payable on such Newspaper or Packet in case the same had been a Letter sent by the Post, which Treble Duty shall be recovered and re-T 2 coverable,

and to charge Treble Postage, &c.

Sender to be liable to Treble Duty on Attempt to evade the Duty of Postage.

ST6

C. 54.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Postmaster General to regulate the Time of Delivery.

Not compulsory to send Newspapers through the Post.

Newspapers redirected to be forwarded free of Postage if not opened.

Application of Monies.

Recovery of Sums under 20L

ooverable, with Costs, in the same Manner as any Suma due for Postage not exceeding Twenty Pounds are herein-after directed to be recovered, or such Person shall, at the Option of the Postmaster General, be prosecuted for a Misdemeanor.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all printed Papers to be conveyed by the Post under the Provisions of this Act shall be delivered to the Postmaster General or his Deputy or Deputies at such Hours in the Day and under 'all such Regulations as the Postmaster General shall, in his Discretion, from Time to Time appoint

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to oblige any Person or Persons to send any printed Newspapers through His Majesty's Post Office, but that it shall and may be lawful for all Persons to send any such printed j Newspapers in any Manner they may find practicable or con- I venient

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person to whom any printed Newspaper brought into the United Kingdom under the Provisions of this Act shall be directed shall have removed from or quitted the Place to which such Newspaper shall be addressed prior to the Delivery thereof at such Place, any such Newspaper, on arriving or Delivery at the Place of its Address, shall and may (provided the same shall not have been opened or used, but not otherwise,) be redirected and forwarded by the Post to such Person at any other Place within the United Kingdom free of any Charge for such extra Conveyance; but if any such Newspaper shall have been opened or used, the same shall on Re-direction be charged and chargeable with the Rate of a single Letter from the Place at which such Newspaper shall be redirected or re-posted to the Place at which it shall be ultimately delivered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being in England and Ireland of the Revenue of the Post Office, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the same being first deducted,) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on such Days and Times and in such Manner as the Rates and Duties of Postage, by any Act or Acts in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act* are directed to be paid; and the said Duties so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which shall be due from any Person in Great Britain or Ireland under this Act for the Postage of any Newspaper or Packet, or which shall be due from any Deputy, Agent, or Letter Carrier in Great Britain or Ireland for the Poet of any Newspapers or Packets to him intrusted for Delivery under the Authority of the Postmaster General, or from any other Person or Persons employed or to be employed in receiving or collecting the Postage of Newspapers and Packets payable under the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be recovered and recoverable, by Distress or otherwise, in like Manner in all respects as in

9 and

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

0.55.

279

same as to the major Part of the Members of such Society so assembled together shall seem meet, and to impose such reasonable Fines upon die several Persons obtaining Loans from the Funds of any such Society who shall offend against such Rules as shall be just and necessary for duly enforcing the same, to be respectively paid to such Uses for the Benefit of such Society as the Rules shall direct, so as such Rules shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor to any of the express Provisions or Regulations of this Act; and also from Time to Time to alter and amend such Rules as Occasion shall require, or to annul and repeal the same, and to make new Rules in lieu thereof, under such Restrictions as are in this Act contained; and that if any Society so to be formed, or any Society already formed for the like Objects, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of this Act, such Society, or Persons forming or about to form the same, shall cause the Rules framed or to be framed for the Management of such Society, or any Alteration or Amendment thereof, to be certified, transmitted, and enrolled in manner herein-after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed and be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the general Control and Superintendence of all Loan Fund Societies established or to be established in Ireland under the Authority of this Act there shall be One permanent Central Board in Dublin^ to be denominated " The Loan Fund Board," the Members of which shall be chosen by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and which Board shall have Power to inquire into the Proceedings of all such Societies in order to ascertain whether the Rules so to be certified and enrolled as aforesaid have been duly attended to, and that the Funds of such Societies are applied to the Purposes for which the same are intended, and such Board may, where necessary, appoint Inspectors and other Officers, who shall have Power at all reason-aide Times to inspect the Books, Accounts, and Papers of or belonging to such Societies.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Members of the Board as aforesaid shall happen to die, or be minded and desirous to be discharged from the Duties or Offices thereof, then that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being to appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so happening to die, or bp minded and desirous to be discharged as aforesaid; and the Individual or Individuals so chosen as last aforesaid shall from Time to Time, to all Intents and Purposes, be as full and efficient to discharge the necessary Duties of such Board as the Person or Persons so happening to die, or be minded and desirous of being discharged from the Duties or Offices thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Three Transcripts, fairly written on Paper or Parchment, of all Rules or of any Alteration or Amendment thereof made in pursuance of this Act, signed by Two Members and countersigned by the Clerk or Secretary, with all convenient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, and so from Time to Time after every making, altering,

T 4* or

Rules of Societies already formed, or to be formed, to be enrolled.

A Central Board to be formed in Dublin, to be called The Loan Fund Board.

In case of Death or Resignation, fresh Members to be chosen.

Three Transcripts of the Rules to be submitted to the Barrister appointed by the Board, and if

278

Cv54, 55.

S° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and the Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and any other Matter; or Thing in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Cause of Action shall appear to arise from any Matter or Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action shall be brought after the Expiration of such j Three Calendar Months, or shall be brought in any other Court i or Place than as aforesaid, or if Notice of such Action shall not have been given in manner aforesaid, or if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action commenced, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action commenced by or on behalf of the Defendant, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant; or if a Verdict shaD pass for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue any such Action, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs of Suit as between Attorney and Client, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant may have for Costs of Suit in other Cases at Law; and although a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be had shall at the Time of such Trial, certify in Writing his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

Act may be

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may lie ' altered, &c. altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies in Ireland.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS certain Institutions for establishing Loan Funds have been and may be established in Ireland for the Benefit and Advantage of the industrious Classes of His Majesty's Subjects; and it being expedient to give Protection to the Funds of such Institutions, and also to afford Encouragement to the Formation of other Institutions of a like Kind, be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Loan Societies Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and may be formed for any Number of Persons in Ireland to form themselves into *n and to establish a Society in Ireland, for the Purpose of raising

may make, from Time to Time, by Loans from the Members of such Society Rules, &c. or from other Persons at a Rate of Interest not exceeding Six under Restric- per Cent per Annum, or by Donations, a Stock or Fund for the tionsinthis Purpose of granting Loans to the industrious Classes resident

Act- therein, and receiving back Payment for the same by Instalments.

with Interest thereon, as herein-after provided, and to and for the several Members of each Society from Time to Time to assemble together, and make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome Rules for the better Government and Guidance of the

7 tamt *

A.D. 1830.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

0.55.

279

same as to the major Part of the Members of such Society so assembled together shall seem meet, and to impose such reasonable Fines upon the several Persons obtaining Loans from the Funds of any such Society who shall offend against such Rules as shall be just and necessary for duly enforcing the same, to be respectively paid to such Uses for the Benefit of such Society as the Rules shall direct, so as such Rules shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor to any of the express Provisions or Regulations of this Act; and also from Time to Time to alter and amend such Rules as Occasion shall require, or to annul and repeal the same, and to make new Rules in lieu thereof, under such Restrictions as are in this Act contained; and that if any Society so to be formed, or any Society already formed for the like Objects, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of this Act, such Society, or Persons forming or about to form the same, shall cause the Rules framed or to be framed for the Management of such Society, or any Alteration or Amendment thereof, to be certified, transmitted, and enrolled in manner herein-after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed and be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the general Control and Superintendence of all Loan Fund Societies established or to be established in Ireland under the Authority of this Act, there shall be One permanent Central Board in Dublin, to be denominated " The Loan Fund Board," the Members of which shall be chosen by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and which Board shall have Power to inquire into the Proceedings of all such Societies in order to ascertain whether the Rules so to be certified and enrolled as aforesaid have been duly attended to, and that the Funds of such Societies are applied to the Purposes for which the same are intended, and such Board may, where necessary, appoint Inspectors and other Officers, who shall have Power at all reasonable Times to inspect the Books, Accounts, and Papers of or belonging to such Societies.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Members of the Board as aforesaid shall happen to die, or be minded and desirous to be discharged from the Duties or Offices thereof, then that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being to appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so happening to die, or bp minded and desirous to be discharged as aforesaid; and the Individual or Individuals so chosen as last aforesaid shall from Time to Time, to all Intents and Purposes, be as full and efficient to discharge the necessary Duties of such Board as the Person or Persons so happening to die, or be minded and desirous of being discharged from the Duties or Offices thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Three Transcripts, fairly written on Paper or Parchment, of all Rules or of any Alteration or Amendment thereof made in pursuance of this Act, signed by Two Members and countersigned by the Clerk or Secretary, with all convenient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, and so from Time to Time after every making, altering,

T 4 or

Rules of Societies already formed, or to be formed, to be enrolled.

A Central Board to be formed in Dublin, to be called The Loan Fund Board.

In case of Death or Resignation, fresh Members to be chosen.

Three Transcripts of the Rules to be submitted to the Barrister appointed by the Board, and if

28a

C. 55.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 18S6,

conformable to Law to be 80 certified by him.

Fee to Barrister not to exceed One Guinea at any one Time.

Barrister not entitled to further Fee within Three Years in respect of the same Rules.

or amending thereof, shall be submitted to such Barrister as may be appointed by the said Loan Fund Board, which Barrister the said Board is hereby authorized and required to appoint for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the said Rules of such Society, or Alteration or Amendment thereof, are calculated to carry into effect the Intention of the Parties framing such Rules, Alterations, or Amendments, and are in conformity to Law and to the Provisions of this Act; and that the said barrister shall advise with the said Clerk or Secretary, if required, and shall give a Certificate on each of the said Transcripts that the same are in conformity to Law and to the Provisions of this Act, or point out in what Part or Parts the said Rules are repugnant thereto, and on what Grounds and for what Reasons they are so repugnant, and bow and in what Manner they can be made conformable thereto; and that the Fee payable to such Barrister for advising as aforesaid, and perusing the Rules or Alterations or Amendments of the Rules of each respective Society, and giving such Certificates as aforesaid, and stating such Grounds or Reasons, or suggesting such Alterations as aforesaid, shall not at any one Time exceed the Sum of One Guinea, which, together with the Expence of conveying the Rules to and from the said Barrister, shall be defrayed by each Society respectively; and one of such Transcripts, when certified by the said Barrister, shall be returned to the Society, and another of such Transcripts shall be transmitted by such Barrister to the said Loan Fund Board, and the other of such Transcripts shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Society shall be formed, and by him laid before the Justices for such County at the General Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof held next after the Time wba such Transcript shall have been so certified and transmitted to hia as aforesaid, and in the County of Cork before the Justices at the General Sessions or Adjournment thereof which shall be so held in the Riding in which such Society shall have been formed, and the Justices then and there present are hereby authorized and required, without Motion, to allow and confirm the same; and such Transcript shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace with the Holla of the Sessions of the Peace in his Custody, without Fee cr Reward; and that all Rules, Alterations and Amendments thereof from the Time when the same shall be certified by the said Barrister, or certified, confirmed, and allowed by the Justices as herein-after provided, shall be binding on the several Members or Officers of the said Society, and all other Persons having interert therein.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Barrister shall be entitled to no further Fee for or in respect of any Alteration or Amendment of any Rules upon which One Fee has been already paid to the said Barrister within the Period of Three Years: Provided also, that if any Rules, Alterations, or Amendments are sent to such Barrister accompanied with an Affidavit of being a Copy of any Rules or Alterations or Amendments of the Rules of any other Society which shall have been already enrolled under the Provisions of this Act, the said Barrister shall certify and return the same as aforesaid without being entitled to any Fee for such Certificate.

A.D. 183&

6*&7°GULIELMI IV. C. 55.

881

VI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted* That in case any such Barrister shall refuse to certify all or any of the Rules so to be submitted for his Perusal and Examination, it shall then be lawful for any such Society to submit a Transcript of the same to the Court of Quarter Sessions, together with the Reasons assigned by the said Barrister, in Writing, for any suph Rejection or Disapproval of any One or more of such Rules; and that the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions shall and may, if they think fit, certify, confirm, and allow the same notwithstanding any such Rejection or Disapproval by any such Barrister; and such Transcript so certified, confirmed, and allowed shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace with the Rolls of the Sessions of the Peace in his Custody without Fee or Reward, and a Copy of such Rules so hied shall be forthwith transmitted by such Society to said Loan Fond Board.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules of any Society to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall be certified by a Barrister at Law, to be appointed by the said Loan Fund Board, and transmitted and enrolled in the same Manner, as the Rules and Regulations of any Friendly Society are required to be certified, transmitted, and enrolled pursuant to the Provisions of a certain Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies; and that all the Provisions of the uid Act, as well as the Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, as far as the same relate to the certifying, transmitting, and enrolling the Rules or any Alteration or Amendment of the Rules of Friendly Societies* shall be applicable to the certifying, transmitting, and enrolling the Rules or any Alteration or Amendment of the Rules of any Society to be established under the Provisions of this Act; and also that an authenticated Copy or Transcript of all such Rules, or of any Alteration or Amendment thereof, shall be transmitted by the said Society to the said Loan Fund Board within One Month after the same shall have been certified as herein-before provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Loan Fund Society shall and may from Time to Time at any of their usual Meetings, or by their Committee if any such shall be appointed for the Society, which Committee such Society is hereby authorized to appoint, elect and appoint such Persons into the Offices of Trustee, Manager, Treasurer, Officer, Clerk, or Servant of such Society, as they shall think proper and necessary to carry into execution the Purposes of such Society, for such Space of Time and for such Purposes as shall be fixed and established by the Rules of such Society, and from Time to Time to elect and appoint others in the Room of those who shall vacate, die, or be removed.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Rules from Time to Time made and in force for the Management of any such Society as aforesaid, and duly enrolled, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of such Society, to be appointed for that Purpose,

On Refusal of Barrister to certify Rules, Transcript to be submitted to Quarter Sessions, who may certify it.

Rules to be certified, transmitted, and enrolled, pursuant to4fir5 W. 4. c. 40.

Society may appoint Officers.

Rules to be entered in a Book to be kept by the Officer of the Society.

282

C. 55.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Property of Society vested in Trustees.

Purpose, and which Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times, at least One Day in the Week, for the Inspection of Persons obtaining Loans from or granting Loans to such Society, and such Rules and Regulations shall be binding on the several Members and Officers of such Society, and on the several Persons obtaining Loans from or granting Loans to the same, and their Representatives, as well as those Parties who may become the Sureties for the Repayment of any Loan, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and filing with the Clerk of the Peace; and the Entry of such Rules in such Book or Books as aforesaid, or the Transcript thereof filed with the Clerk of the Peace, or a true Copy of such Transcript examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules respectively in all Cases; and no Certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any such Rules into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and every Copy of any such Transcript filed with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy, and such Copy shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels, and Effects whatsoever belonging to such Society shall be vested in the Trustee or Trustees of such Society for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Society and the respective Members thereof, their respective Executors and Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interest, and after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees shall vest in the surviving or succeeding Trustee or Trustees for the same Estate and Interest as the former Trustee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the same Trusts, without any Assignment or Conveyance whatever; and also shall for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be stated to be the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Trustee or Trustees of such Society for the Time being, in his or their proper Name or Names, without further Description; and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right of Claim aforesaid of such Society, and to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in his or their proper Name or Names, as Trustee or Trustees of such Society, without other Description; and no Suit Action, or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of such Person or Persons commencing the same, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and such succeeding Trustee or Trustees shall pay or receive like Costs as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his or their Name or Names for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Society.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 55. 283

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Society as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act unless it shall be expressly provided by the Rules for the Management thereof that no Person or Persons, being Manager or Trustee of such Society, shall directly or indirectly receive any Salary or other Remuneration for Attendance, or for any other Services performed for such Society, nor shall any Expence be incurred or Salary or other Allowance made unless such as shall be expressly provided for by the Rules of the Society, or shall be necessary for the due Management of the Society according to such Rules.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or other Officer or Officers, or other Person whatsoever, who shall be intrusted with the Receipt or Custody of any Sum or Sums of Money the Property of such Society, or any Interest or Dividend anting from Time to Time thereby, shall be required by the Rules of *uch Society to become bound, with Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required by the Rules of such Society, such Security shall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Place where such Society shall be established for the Time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful for the Trustees of such Society to sue upon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Costs and Charges of and for the Use of the said Society, fully indemnifying and saving harmless such Clerk of the Peace from all Costs and Charges of such Suit or Suits, or in respect thereof; and no Bond or Security m) to be given shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for any such Society to make any Loan on personal Security to any One Individual at any One Time exceeding in Amount the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that no second or other Loan shall be made to the same Individual until the previous Loan is repaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Note or other Security or Undertaking which may be entered into for the Repayment of any Loan made by any Society established under the Provisions of this Act, nor any Receipt or Entry in any Book of Receipt for Money lent or paid, nor any Draft or Order, nor any Appointment of any Agent, nor any other Instrument or Document whatever, required to be given, issued, made, or provided in pursuance of the Rules of the Society, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees or Managers of any Society established under the Provisions of this Act to demand and receive from the Person to whom any Loan may be made, at the Time of making the same, the full Amount of Interest up to the Time fixed for Payment of the last Instalment which would be due on the whole Money so advanced, at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound for Twenty Weeks, and to receive the Amount of the Principal by Instalments at such Time or Times and in such Proportion or Proportions as the said Trustees or Managers may think

No Manager or Trustee to receive any Remuneration.

Treasurer to give Security.

Amount of Loan not to exceed lOt

No Note or Security to be chargeable to Stamp Duty.

Rate of Interest to be demanded.

281

C. 55.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Recovery of Loan before Justices of the Peace.

Societies violating enrolled Rules, or the Provisions of this Act, to be deprived of the Benefits thereof.

think fit, and to take a Note or Security for the whole Amount of the Loan, the same to be sued for and recovered immediately on Failure of the Payment of any of the Instalments, without being subject or liable on account thereof to any of the Forfeitures oi Penalties imposed by any Act or Acts relating to Usury.

XVI. And be if further enacted, That all Notes and Securities entered into for the Payment of such Loans shall be made payahl* to the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being of the said Society j and if the Party or Parties liable to pay the same shall fail in the Payment of any of the Instalments, as agreed to by the Condition^ or Terms of the Loan, according to the Rules of the Society, il shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices d the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Division, or Place wher« such Party or Parties, or any One of them, so liable, shall or may happen to be or reside, and such Justice is hereby required, upon Complaint made by or on behalf of such Treasurer or Clerk h aforesaid, to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear either before himself or before the Justices assembled at the Petty Sessions of the District, and after his, her, or their Appearance, or, in default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath of such Summons having been duly served, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such Sum to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively liable to the Payment of any such Note or Security, to such Treasurer or Clerk as aforesaid, as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together with such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of Money as upon suck Complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and no such Pr* ceedings shall be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the aforesaid Loan Fund Board in Dublin, after due Investigation and Inquiry, that any of such Loan Fund Societies as aforesaid, or other Societies entitled to the Benefit of this Act, have not strictly adhered to their Rules so enrolled as aforesaid, or that they have applied any of their Funds or done any Matter or Thing contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Loan Fund Board shall cause an Advertisement to be inserted to that Effect in some County Paper circulating in such District, and shall also notify the same to the Clerk of the Peace with whom the Rules may be filed, and after the Space of Six Months after such Advertisement has appeared in such Paper it shall no longer be lawful for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer of any such Society to avail himself of the special Provisions of this Act, nor for any Justice or Justices of the Peace to award any Sum to be paid to him in consideration of any such Note or Security aforesaid.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 55.

285

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk, Officer, or Servant of any Loan Fund Society hereafter to be established in Ireland under the Provisions of this Act, or entitled to the Benefit thereof, shall, directly or indirectly, have, receive, or take any Bonus, Gratuity, or Present from any Borrower from such Loan Fund Society; and in case any such Clerk, Officer, or Servant shall offend herein he shall be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being in the same Manner as is herein-before provided for the Recovery of any Loan granted by such Society; the said Penalty, when recovered, to be applied in aid of the Funds of such Society.

XIX. And with a view to Economy, and in order to prevent any Tendency or Disposition to Extravagance or Dissipation, be it further enacted, That all and every the Affairs and Business of any Loan Fund Society to be established in Ireland, or any Part thereof, shall on no Account or Pretence whatever be conducted, carried on, or transacted at any Hotel, Tavern, Public House, Beer Shop, or House of Entertainment; and any Clerk or Servant respectively of the Society who shall offend herein shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being in the same Manner as is herein-before provided for the Recovery of any Loan granted by such Society; the said Penalty, when recovered, to be applied in aid of the Funds of the Society.

XX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have advanced any Sum of Money by way of Loan to any such Loan Fund Society as aforesaid shall be authorized, and he or they are hereby respectively authorized and allowed, to dispose of and transfer any Part or the Whole of the Amount of the Money so advanced by him as aforesaid, and such Transfer shall be deemed sufficient by a written Order directed to the Trustee or Trustees of such Society for the Time being, such Order or Transfer to be signed by Two respectable Housekeepers as Witnesses; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made- as aforesaid shall, so soon as the Order or Transfer shall be delivered to the Trustees or their Clerk, stand possessed of and be entitled to the Amount of such Transfer, together with all Interest and Benefit, Claims and Demands whatsoever, arising or to arise or to be derived or to accrue therefrom, as fully and to all Intents and Purposes as if he or they had been the Parties who had originally advanced the Sum to such Loan Fund Society; and such Transfer, Authority, Document, or Order shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty or Parliamentary Imposition whatever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Society or Societies now or hereafter to be formed for the Purpose of establishing charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices, at which Money may be lent to the industrious Poor upon Pledge, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of this Act, such Society or Societies shall in like Manner cause the Rules framed or to be framed for their Management respectively to be certified, deposited, and enrolled in manner herein-before directed with reference to Loan Fund Societies desiring the Benefit of this Act, and thereupon such Societies respectively shall be deemed and be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act, so far as the same

are

No Clerk or other Servant shall receive any Present of any Description from any Borrower.

Penalty 202.

No Business to be transacted at any Hotel or Public House, under the Fine of 102.

Any Person advancing Money on Loan to Society may dispose of or transfer the same.

Societies for

oatihliihing

charitable Pawn Offices, See. shall cause their Rules to be certified.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

286

Loans to Fishermen.

Abstract of Accounts to be made out yearly and sent to the Loan Fund Board.

Profits shall be applied to charitable Purposes.

C. 55 *

A.D. 1836.

Are applicable to the Objects of such charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees and Managers of any charitable Pawn Society entitled to the Benefit of this Act to lend and advance, upon the Security of the Boat or other Fishing Vessel of any poor Person or Persons resident within the County, County of a City or Town, in which the Office of such Society shall be situated. 1 any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in Amount One Half Part of the Value of such Boat or Fishing Vessel, although the same shall not be actually deposited or lodged in the Stores of such Society: Provided always, that every such Loan, together with the Name and Description of the Boat or Fishing Vessel in respect of which the same shall have been made, shall be duly registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Society advancing such Money; and that no Sale of any such Boat or Fishing Vessel by the Owner thereof shall be valid unless the Principal Money and Interest then due thereon to any such Society shall be first repaid out of the Purchase Money for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of even' Society established under the Provisions of this Act, or which may become entitled to the Benefit thereof, shall cause an Abstract of the Accounts of such Society for each Year to be made out up to and ending the Thirty-first of December* together with a Statement of the Funds and Effects and of the Debts or Liabilities of such Society, and an Estimate of the clear net Profit or Loss up to that Period, which Abstract, Statement, and Estimate shall be in such Forms, and shall contain such Particulars connected with the Accounts and Transactions of such Society, as the said Loan Fund Board shall from Time to Time direct; and a Copy of such Abstract, Statement, and Estimate, duly certified to be correct by the Secretary, Treasurer, and at least One Trustee, shall sometime in the Month of January in each Year be transmitted to the said Loan Fund Board.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of any such Society may from Time to Time appropriate such Portion of the clear net Profits, over and above all Losses, as they shall think proper, in support of the Hospital or Infirmary "of the County for which or for a Portion of which the Society shall be established, or for such other local charitable Purpose as they shall think fit; the Residue, or the Whole of such net Profits if no Part shall be so appropriated, being employed as Part of the Funds of the Society until the Trustees shall otherwise determine: Provided always, that no Part of any such net Profits, after deducting Losses, shall be appropriated in any Way for the Advantage or Benefit of any Member of the Society, or of the Persons managing or conducting the same, or for any Purpose whatsoever, except as Part of or in aid of the Funds of the Society, to be used according to the Rules of such Society, or for charitable Purposes as herein-before provided; and that in the event of the Dissolution of any such Society, or that such Society shall cease to act for the Purposes for which it was established, or shall be deprived of the Benefit of this Act, the whole of the clear net Profits, not previously appropriated for some charitable Purpose, after Payment

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 55, 56.

287;

of all Debts of or Claims on such Society, and of all Losses, shall be appropriated to such Hospital or Infirmary or to such other local charitable Purpose as the Trustees, with the Approbation of the Loan Fund Board, shall think proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding respecting the Property of any Society enrolled under the Authority of this Act, or in any Proceedings before any Justice of the Peace, any Trustee, Manager, Member, Officer, Clerk, or Servant of such Society shall be a competent Witness, and shall not be objected to on account of any Interest he may have in the Result of such Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the same being specially shown or pleaded.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in the

Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction of

Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Process of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session in Scotland, and to extend the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff to such Processes be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by sod with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six every Sheriff within Scotland shall possess Jurisdiction in Processes of Cessio bonorum brought before him in manner herein-after provided as fully as in any other Action presently by Law competent before him, and the Sheriff Clerk and Messengers at Arms and all Sheriff Officers in the several Sheriffdoms in Scotland shall have Power to act in their respective Offices in relation to such Processes.

II. And be it enacted, That, if a Debtor has been or shall be charged to pay a Civil Debt, and a Warrant to imprison him has been issued, or if he be liable to Imprisonment under a Decree of a Small Debt Court, or be in Prison or imprisoned and afterwards liberated in respect in these several Cases of a Civil Debt, it shall be competent to such Debtor, on or after the said Thirty-first Day of October, to apply for interim Protection and for Decree of Cessio bonorum in the Manner herein-after provided.

III. And be it enacted, That after the said First Day of October such Debtor may present to the Sheriff of the County in which he has his ordinary Domicile a Petition, setting forth that he has been charged, and that a Warrant to imprison has been issued against him, or that he is liable to Imprisonment under a Small Debt Decree, or that he is in Prison, or has been imprisoned and afterwards liberated, in respect of a Civil Debt; that he is unable to pay his Debts, and is ready to surrender his Estates for Behoof of his Creditors, and praying for interim Protection against the

Execution

Members, &c. to be competent Witnesses.

[Public Act.]

Sheriffs to have Jurisdiction as to Cessio bonorum, and Sheriff Clerks and Officers to act therein.

A Debtor against whom a Warrant is issued, &c. may apply for Decree of Cessio.

Debtor may present to the Sheriff of the County in which' he lives a Petition praying for Decree of Cessio.

C. 56.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

I

Proceedings upon such Petition.

Debtor to undergo Examination before Sheriff.

Sheriff, after Examination, to decide in Cases originating before him.

Execution of Diligence, and for Decree of Cessio bonornm; in which Petition he shall insert a List of all his Creditors, specifying their Names and Designations and Places of Residence, so far as known to him; and with such Petition he shall produce (as the Case may be) the Schedule of an expired Charge, or a Copy certified by the Clerk of the Small Debt Court, of the Warrant on which he is liable to Imprisonment, or if he be in Prison or imprisoned and thereafter liberated, a Certificate from the Keeper of the Prison of such Imprisonment, and the Date thereof and of the Liberation.

IV. And be it enacted, That on such Petition being presented the Sheriff shall issue a Warrant appointing the Debtor to publish a Notice in the Edinburgh Gazette, intimating that such Petition has been presented, and requiring all his Creditors to appear in Court on a certain Day, being not less than Thirty Days from the Date of the Gazette Notice, and within Five Days after the Date of such Notice to send Letters to all the Creditors specified in the Petition, containing a Copy of the said Notice (paying the Postage thereof) , or, in his Option, to cite them iu Terms of Law, and which the Debtor shall do accordingly, and the Sheriff shall farther ordain him to appear on the Day so appointed for the Compearance of the Creditors in Presence of the Sheriff or his Substitute for public Examination; and the Debtor shall, on or before the Sixth lawful Day prior to the Day so appointed, lodge, to be patent to all concerned, a State of his Affairs subscribed by himself, and all his Books, Papers, and Documents relating to his Affairs, in the Hands of the Sheriff Clerk, together with a Copy of the said Gazette, and if the Letters have been sent through the Post Office a Certificate subscribed by his Agent, or by a Messenger or Sheriff Officer and a Witness, stating the Date and the Place where the Letters were put into the Post Office, that the Postage was paid, and that they were severally addressed as specified in the Petition, or an Execution subscribed by a Messenger or Sheriff Officer and One Witness, of Citation of the Creditors to whom such Letters have not been so sent

V. And be it enacted, That on the said Day appointed for the Compearance of the Creditors the Debtor shall appear in Public Court in Presence of the Sheriff for Examination as to his Affaire, and the Sheriff shall have Power to put him on Oath or Affirmation (as the Case may be^) , and the Debtor shall be bound to answer all pertinent Questions put to him by the Sheriff, or by any Creditor with the Approbation of the Sheriff, under Certification that if, without lawful Cause, he refuse to be put on Oath or Affirmation, or to answer any such Question, or to subscribe his Examination, Decree of Cessio shall be refused in hoc statu; and it shall be competent to the Sheriff to adjourn the Examination for such Time as to him shall appear fit and reasonable.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff shall, on such Examination being taken, allow a Proof to the Parties if it shall appear necessary, and hear Parties vivd voce, and shall make a Note of any Objections that may be stated on the Part of the Creditors, and either grant Decree or refuse the same in hoc statu, or grant it subject to a Declaration that it shall not be extractable or available as a Protection to the Debtor, for such Time as shall

A.D. 183&

6 & T° GULIELMI IV. C. 56.

289

appear proper, or ntake such other Orders as may be necessary for the doe Administration of Justice; provided that where the Sheriff shall grant Decree under such Limitation, or refuse Decree in hoc statu, he shall state the Grounds of his Decision, and the most summary Despatch consistent with the Forms of Court shall be given, and the Sheriffs Note of the Objections shall form Part of the Process.

VII. And be it enacted, That if such Decree be pronounced by the Sheriff Substitute it shall be competent to any Person aggrieved to present a reclaiming Petition against the same, provided that the Petition be lodged within Six Days from the Date of the Judgment, and the Sheriff Substitute shall do therewith as shall be just; and in case the Complainer shall intimate his Desire in the Petition that if the Sheriff Substitute be disposed to refuse the Petition it may be laid before the Sheriff, it shall he transmitted to the Sheriff, who shall do therein as shall be just.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful, either alter such reclaiming Petition has been disposed of or without presenting such Petition, for any Person aggrieved to bring the Judgments under the Review of the Court of Session by lodging with any One of the Clerks of that Division of the Court under whose Review he wishes to bring the Cause a reclaiming Note, having such Division marked thereon, reciting the Judgment or Judgments complained of: Provided always, that the said Note shall be lodged within Ten Days from the Date of the Judgment or the last of the Judgments complained of, unless the Judgment be pronounced by the Sheriff of Orkney, in which Case the reclaiming Note shall be lodged within Twenty Days from the Date of the Judgment or the last of the Judgments as aforesaid; and a Copy of the said Note shall in all Cases be delivered within the said respective Periods to the Respondent or his known Agent, which shall be held to be due Service, and a Copy thereof, certified by the said Clerk of Session, shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Sheriff Clerk to transmit to the said Clerk the Proceedings in the Process.

DL And be it enacted, That if the Court of Session be sitting the reclaiming Note shall be enrolled as soon as conveniently can be, and the Court shall pronounce Judgment, or remit the Cause to the Sheriff with such Instructions as to them shall seem fit, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills during Vacation or during the Christmas Recess.

X. And be it enacted, That if the Court of Session be not sitting when the reclaiming Note has been lodged, the Cause shall, as soon as thereafter may be convenient, be transmitted to the Bill Chamber Clerk, and enrolled in a Roll to be kept for that Purpose in the Bill Chamber; and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall, on a Day to be specified in that Roll, hear Parties vivd rocs, and pronounce Judgment as herein-before provided; and for the Purposes of this Act he shall possess during the Vacation and the Christmas Recess the Powers competent to the Inner House during Session, but his Judgment shall be subject to Review in manner herein-after mentioned; and if the Proceedings have not been brought to a Termination before the Lord Ordinary on the Bills at the Commencement of the ensuing Session, the Cause 6 & 7 Gul. IV. U shall

Reclaiming

Petition.

Review of (Sheriff's Judgments by Court of Session.

Reclaiming Note to be enrolled, and Court to pronounce Judgment, &c.

Lord Ordinary on Bills may judge during Vacation or Christmas Recess, subject to Review.

C. 66.

6° & V GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18SG.

Proceedings in Cases originating in the Court of Session.

Court of Session may remit to the Sheriff, who shall take Proceedings thereupon, and report.

Lord Ordinary on the Bills may judge on the Report during Vacation or Christmas Recess.

shall be retransmitted and enrolled before the Inner Home, wfcteb may give Judgment therein as if it had been enrolled or luid continued without Interruption before the Inner House.

XI. And be it enacted, That where a Summons of Ceaaio bonorum is raised before the Court of Session the Debtor shall publish a Notice in the Edinburgh Gazette, intimating that the said Summons has been raised, specifying in which Division of the Court it is to be enrolled, and requiring all his Creditors to appear within Thirty Days from the Date of the said Gazette Notice; and he shall also send Letters through the Post Office (paying the Postage thereof) to each of the Creditors specified in the Summons to the same Effect, or, in his Option, cite them in Terms of Law; and on or before the Sixth lawful Day prior tn the Expiration of the said Thirty Days he shall lodge, to be patent to all concerned, a State of his Affairs subscribed by himself, and ail his Books, Papers, and Documents relating to his Affairs, in the Hands of the Clerk to the Process, together with a Copy of the said Gazette; and if the Letters have been sent through the Post Office he shall produce a Certificate subscribed by his Agent, or by a Messenger or Sheriff Officer and a Witness, stating the Date and the Place where the Letters were put into the Post Office, that the Postage was paid, and that they were severally addressed as specified in the Summons, or an Execution subscribed by a Messenger and One Witness of Citation of the Creditors to whom such Letters have not been so sent

XII. And be it enacted, That on Expiration of the said Thirty Days the Process shall forthwith. be enrolled in the Rolls of the Division of the Inner House, specified in the said Notice, without the Necessity of being called or enrolled in the Outer House; and it shall be competent to the Inner House to remit to the Sheriff of the County in M'hich the Debtor's Domicile is, to take his Examination in Presence of his Creditors, and for that Purpose on a Day appointed the Debtor shall appear in Presence of the Sheriff, who shall have Power to put him on Oath or Affirmation (as the Case may be) , and the Debtor shall be bound to answer all pertinent Questions put to him, under Certification that if. without lawful Cause, he refuse to be put on Oath or Affirmation, or to answer any such Question, or to subscribe his Examination, Decree of Cessio shall be refused in hoc Statu; and the Sheriff shall thereupon report to the said Inner House, who may either grant Decree or refuse the same in hoe statu, or grant it subject to a Declaration that it shall not be extractable or available as a Protection to the Debtor for such Time as shall appear proper, or issue such other Orders as may be necessary for the due Administration of Justice.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if the Court of Session be not sitting at the Time when die said Report has been made by the Sheriff, the Cause may be enrolled in a Roll to be kept for that Purpose in the Bill Chamber, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bilb shall, on a Day to be specified in that Roll, hear Parties ritd tocc and pronounce Judgment; and if the Court of Session be sitting when the Report of the said Examination is made, but the Proceedings cannot be brought to a Termination before the Expiration of the Session, or before the Commencement of the Christmas

Recess,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 5 0. 281

Recess, the Inner House may remit the Cause to the said Lord Ordinary to proceed therein during Vacation or the Christmas Recess, in the same Way as if the Cause had been enrolled in the Bill Chamber in manner above provided; and if the Proceedings have in any Case not been brought to a Termination before the Lord Ordinary on the Bills at the Commencement of the ensuing Session, the Cause shall be enrolled before the Inner House, which may give Judgment therein as if it had been enrolled, or had continued without Interruption before the Inner House; and for the Purposes of this Act the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall possess, during the Vacation and the Christmas Recess, the Powers competent to the Inner House during Session; but his Judgment shall be subject to Review in manner herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent for any Judgment of Person aggrieved by any Judgment pronounced by the Lord the Ordi-Ordinary on the Bills to bring the same under the Review of the BUls subject to Inner House by a reclaiming Note, provided the Note be lodged Review.J within Ten Days after the Date of the Judgment, and duly intimated to the Agent of the Respondent, and the Inner House shall proceed with all Despatch to hear Parties vivd voce thereon, and may give Judgment as aforesaid, or issue such other Orders as may be necessary for the Purposes of Justice.

XV. And be it enacted, That if the Debtor be in Prison it shall Power to grant be competent for the Inner House during Session, and for the interim Protec-Lord Ordinary on the Bills during the Vacation or the Christmas 1

Recess, whether the Case has been originally instituted in the Court of Session or before the Sheriff (provided that it be under Review of the said Court) , and for the Sheriff, where the Petition has been presented to and is depending before him, on Production of a Copy of the said Gazette containing the Notice aforesaid, and of the Certificate of Transmission of the Letters or Execution of Citation, to grant Warrant to liberate the Debtor, and if the Debtor is not in Prison to grant Warrant for his personal Protection against the Execution of Diligence for such Space of Time as shall be proper; provided that before any such Warrant be issued the Debtor shall lodge with the Clerk of Court a Bond with a sufficient Cautioner, binding themselves that he shall attend all Diets of Court whenever required under such Penalty as may be reasonable, and which, if forfeited, shall be divided among the Creditors; and it shall be competent for the Inner Houses or the said Lord Ordinary, or the Sheriff respectively, in all Cases to grant Warrant to bring the Debtor before them for Examination, and also to carry him back to Prison; and such Warrant, as well as the Warrant of Liberation and the Warrant of personal Protection, shall be good and lawful Warrants in all Parts of Scotland to the Effect therein specified; and it shall not be competent, where the Warrant of Liberation or Protection is granted by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills or the Sheriff, to suspend the Effect thereof by lodging a reclaiming Note or Petition complaining of the same: Provided nevertheless, that a reclaiming Note or Petition may be lodged as herein-before provided, and it shall be competent to the Inner House or the Sheriff (as the Case may he) , on hearing Parties, to recall the Warrant of Liberation and Protection.

292

C. 56.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Decree to operate as an Assignation to Creditors, or Disposition omnium bo-norum to be granted.

Provision where Decree refused in hoc statu.

Dyvours Habit abolished.

Oath to be taken, and In* solvency proved if denied.

Act of 1696. c. 5. in part repealed.

Regulation of Appeals to the House of Lords.

No Fee Fund Dues or Government Duties exigible.

Court of Session Agents may

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Decree pronounced by the Inner House, or by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, or by the Sheriff, granting the Benefit of Cessio bonorum, shall operate as an Assignation of the Debtor's Moveables in favour of any Trustee mentioned in the Decree for Behoof of the Creditors: Provided always, that it shall be optional to the Creditors to require the Debtor to execute a Disposition omnium bonorum, as has been hitherto granted in Processes of Cessio before the Court of Session, in favour of the Trustee, the Expence of which Deed shall be paid out of the readiest of the Funds thereby conveyed.

AVII. And be it enacted, That if the Decree of Cessio be refused rn hoc statu either by the Court of Session or the Sheriff, the Debtor may at any Time thereafter, without the Necessity of raising any new Summons or presenting any new Petition, apply to have Decree of Cessio pronounced in his Favour; and if the Decree has, on Review by the Court of Session, been refused in hoc statu, the Debtor may either apply to that Court for Decree, or present a new Petition to the Sheriff, in which latter Case Proceedings shall take place as if no former Petition had been presented, and the Debtor shall in all Cases of a renewed Application give Notice thereof in such Manner as shall be appointed either by the Court of Session or Sheriff respectively.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to ordain the Debtor to wear the Dyvours Habit; and he shall be required to prove his Insolvency {if the same shall be denied) as by Law presently established; and he shall be bound to make Oath or Affirmation, in Cases before the Sheriff as well as in those before the Court of Session, in the same Terms as the Oath hitherto administered in Processes of Cessio in the Court of Session; and an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year Sixteen hundred and ninety-six, intituled An Act for declaring notour Bankrupts, shall be and is hereby repealed in so far as the said Act bears that " the Lords of Session are hereby discharged to I dispense any Bankrupt as to the Habit, unless in the Summons and Process of Cessio the Bankrupt's failing through Misfortune be libelled, sustained, and proven."

XIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exclude an Appeal to the House of Lords against the Judgment of the said Inner House, either granting or refusing Decree of Cessio: Provided always, that the Petition of Appeal be lodged within Ten Days from the Date of the Judgment during the Sitting of Parliament, if it shall continue to sit for so many Days, and if Parliament be not sitting, or, if sitting, there be not so many Days, then the Petition of Appeal shall be presented within Six, Days after the next Session of Parliament shall have met

XX. And be it enacted, That no Fee Fund Dues shall bf exigible in respect of any of the Proceedings mentioned in this Act, nor shall any Stamp Duty or other Government Duty be eligible in respect of any Notices or Advertisements authorized by this Act to be inserted in the Edinburgh Gazette, nor in respect of any Disposition which the Debtor shall be ordained to execute in Terms of this Act; -any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Agents duly qualified to practise before the Court of Session to practise as

Agents

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 56, 57.

Agents in all Sheriff Courts in so far as relates to any of the practise in She-Proceedings which are authorized by this Act to be carried on riff Courts, before the Sheriff; provided that they shall not be entitled to Payment of any other or higher Fees than those legally exigible by jther Agents before such Courts.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed, Act may be titered, or amended by any Act or Acts passed during the present repealed this, Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by His Majesty's Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Territories adjacent to the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope to the Southward ' of the Twenty-fifth Degree of South Latitude being in an 1 uncivilized State, Offences against the Persons and Property of ' such Inhabitants and others are frequently committed by His Majesty's Subjects within such Territories with Impunity for Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Laws Laws in force which are now or which shall hereafter be in force in the Colony at the Cape of of the Cape of Good Hope for the Punishment of Crimes therein Good Hope for committed shall be and the same are hereby extended and declared c^«xtend-applicable to all His Majesty's Subjects within any Territory to British adjacent to the said Colony and being to the Southward of the Subjects in ad-Twenty-fifth Degree of South Latitude, and that every Crime or jacent Terri-Offence committed by any of His Majesty's Subjects within any tories# wch Territory in contravention of any such Laws shall be cognizable in any such Courts, and shall be inquired of, tried, and prosecuted, and on Conviction punished, in such and the Bame Manner as if the same had been committed within the said Colony.

II.4 And whereas it is necessary to prevent as far as may be the Governors may Commission of Crimes by His Majesty's Subjects within such address ComTerritories as aforesaid, and to provide for the Arrest, Commit- raisslon8 to Per' 1 ment, and bringing to Punishment of any of His Majesty's Subjects by whom any such Crimes may be perpetrated; be it 8UChTerritories, therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor of the said Colony to address to any One or more of His Majesty's Subjects being within or about to resort to any such Territories as aforesaid One or more Commission or Commissions, authorizing him or them to exercise within such Territories the Office of a Magistrate for the Purpose of preventing the Perpetration therein by any of His Majesty's Subjects of any Crimes or Offences, and for the Purpose of arresting, committing to Custody, and bringing to Trial before such Courts as aforesaid any of His Majesty's Subjects charged on sufficient Evidence before him or them with the Commission of any such Crimes or Offences within any such Territories; and it shall also be lawful to the Governor of the said

U 3 Colony,

C. 57, 88.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1896.

Powvru of cudi Magistrates.

Commissions to be in force only during the King's Pleasure.

Act not to extend constructively to His Majesty's Dominions.

Who shall be deemed the Governor.

Bills of Exchange need not be presented to Acceptors for Honour or

Colony, by any such Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, to define with all practieable and convenient Precision the local Limits within which the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates shall be so exercised, and to which it shall so extend; and within the Limits so to be defined as aforesaid every such Magistrate shall have, exercise, and enjoy all such Powers and i Authorities over and in reference to His Majesty's Subjects inhabiting or being within the same as shall by any such Commission or Commissions be specially granted; Provided always, that no such Powers or Authorities shall be so granted by any such Commission or Commissions, save only such as shall be necessary for accomplishing the Purposes aforesaid with Promptitude and Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Commissions as aforesaid shall be made to continue in force only during His Majesty's Pleasure; and the Governor for the Time being of the said Colony shall be and he is hereby bound and required to transmit a Copy of every such Commission by the earliest Opportunity to His Majesty, through One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Approbation or Disallowance.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That nothing herein or ia ny such Commission or Commissions contained shall extend or be construed to extend to invest His Majesty, His Heim or Suecemon, with any Claim or Title whatsoever to Dominion or Sovereignty over any such Territories as aforesaid, or to derogate from the Rights of the Tribes of People inhabiting such Territories, or of Chiefs or Rulers, to such Sovereignty or Dominion.

V. And be it further enacted and declared, That for the Purposes of this Act any Person lawfully administering the Government of the said Colony shall be deemed and taken to be the Governor thereof.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for declaring the Law as to the Day on which it is requisite to present for Payment to the Acceptors or Acceptor supra Protest for Honour, or to the Referees or Referee in case of Need, Bills of Exchange which had been dishonoured. £13th Augud 1836.]

WHEREAS Bills of Exchange are occasionally accepted gupra Protest for Honour, or have a Reference thereon in case of Need: And whereas Doubts have arisen when Bilk hare been protested for Want of Payment as to the Day on which it is requisite that they should be presented for Payment to the Acceptors or Acceptor for Honour, or to the Referees or Referee, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most ExceDest Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be necessary to present such Bills of Exchange to such Acceptors or Acceptor for Honour, or to such Referees or Referee, until the Day following the Day on which such Bills of Exchange shall become

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 58, 59.

895

become due; and that if the Place of Address on such Bill of Exchange of such Acceptors or Acceptor for Honour, or of such Referees or Referee, shall be in any City, Town, or Place other which ^, cy than in the City, Town, or Place where such Bill shall be therein become due. made payable, then it shall not be necessary to forward such Bill of Exchange for Presentment for Payment to such Receptors or Acceptor for Honour, or Referees or Referee, until the Day following the Day on which such Bill of Exchange shall become due.

H. And be it further enacted and declared, That if the Day If the following following the Day on which such Bill of Exchange shall become a due shall happen to be a Sundayr, Good Friday, or Christmas Day fol-

Day, or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for iowing gu<* Solemn Fast or of Thanksgiving, then it shall not be necessary that Sunday, &e. such Bill of Exchange shall be presented for Payment, or be forwarded for such Presentment for Payment, to such Acceptors or Acceptor for Honour, or Referees or Referee, until the Day following such Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, or Solemn Fast or Day of Thanksgiving.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to extend the Protection of Copyright in Prints and Engravings to Ireland.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually securing the Property of 17 G. s. c. 57.

4 Prints to Inventors and Engravers> by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cases: And whereas it is desix-able to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Provisions of Act all the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the merited Act ex-Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George to Ire" the Third, and of all the other Acts therein recited, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Penalty on of this Act, if any Engraver, Etcher, Printseller, or other Person engraving or shall, within the Time limited by the aforesaid recited Acts, en- publishing any grave, etch, or publish, or cause to be engraved, etched, or pub- Comen^offjplca-lished, any Engraving or Print of any Description whatever, either prietor 0 in whole or in part, which may have been or which shall hereafter r be published in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, without the express Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained in Writing, signed by him, her, or them respectively, with his, her, or their own Hand or Hands, in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, then every such Proprietor shall and may, by and in a separate Action upon the Case, to be brought against the Person so offending in any Court of Law in Great Britain or Ireland, recover such Damages as a

296 C. 59, 60. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Jury on the Trial of such Action or on the Execution of a Writ of Inquiry thereon shall give or assess, together with Double Costs of Suit

CAP. LX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

consolidating the Laws of the Customs, and it has been found necessary to make certain Alterations and Amendments therein Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Commencement and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Act.

Regulation,

Goods the Property of Persons resident Abroad may be entered by Bill of Store if Property be not changed.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 52 *

Repeal of Provision in 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 52. as to certain wrecked Goods.

Commissioners of Customs empowered to abate Duty.

of this Act the same shall come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for all the Purposes mentioned therein.

II. And whereas by one of the said Acts, intituled An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs, Provisions are made permitting the Re-importation of certain Goods legally exported ' from the United Kingdom, and it is expedient to alter such Provisions in the Manner herein mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That any Goods which have been legally exported hum the United Kingdom, and which shall afterwards be re-imported into the same, the real Proprietor thereof being then absent therefrom, shall upon such Re-importation be permitted to be entered by Bill of Store, provided the Goods be such as are entitled to that Privilege, on Production of a Declaration subscribed by such real Proprietor setting forth the Identity of the Goods so exported and so returned, and that he was at the Time of Exportation from the United Kingdom, and will be at the Time of Reimportation thereinto, the Proprietor of such Goods, and that the same have not during such Time been sold or disposed of to any other Person; such Declaration to be made before British Consul, Vice Consul, or other British Authority residing in or near the Place of Residence of such real Proprietor, and upon such further Proof of the Identity of the Goods as the Commissioners of the Customs shall require, and upon Compliance with all the other Regulations required by Law on the Entry of Goods by Bill of Store.

III. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is provided,

1 that all such Foreign Goods, Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, and (Wreck, as cannot be sold for the Amount of Duty due thereon, ' shall be delivered over to the Lord of the Manor, or other Person entitled to receive the same, and shall be deemed to be unenumerated Goods, and shall be liable to and shall be charged with Duty accordingly: And whereas it is expedient that such Proviso should be repealed be it therefore enacted, That so much of the above-recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or for the Officers of the Customs acting under their Directions, to inquire into and receive Proof of the Extent to which any such Goods shall have been damaged, and to

7 make

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 6D.

297

make such Abatement of the Duties payable thereon as to them XecpJatio*.

shall appear to bear a just Proportion to the Damage so ascertained .-.

to their Satisfaction; any thing in the said Act in respect of certain Descriptions of Goods to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act all Spirits, Spirits may be not being perfumed or medicinal Spirits, or Rum of and from imported in

the British Possessions, are required to be imported into the °*20 ' United Kingdom in Casks containing not less than Forty Gallons, Tobaccoo^Snuff ' and Tobacco and Snuff in certain Cases are also required to be; n Hogsheads,

imported' in Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases, each of which See. containing ' shall contain of net Tobacco or Snuff Four hundred and fifty soolbs.

1 Pounds Weight be it enacted, That the said Restrictions shall not extend to any such Spirits in Casks of not less than Twenty Gallons, nor to any such Tobacco or Snuff in Hogsheads, Casks,

Chests, or Cases, each of which shall contain of net Tobacco or Snuff Three hundred Pounds Weight.

V. And whereas the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods may be

4 Goods into and from the United Kingdom and other Dominions exported in Vesof His Majesty by the Laws now in force is restricted to Vessels of 60 To°5 *

1 of Seventy Tons Burthen or upwards: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Admeasurement of the 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 56.

4 Tonnage and Burthen of the Merchant Skipping of the United Kingdom, Vessels are required to be admeasured according to the Rules set forth in that Act, and in consequence thereof it has become expedient to reduce the Tonnage to which such Impor-

tations and Exportations are restricted; be it therefore enacted.

That it shall be lawful to import into or export from the United Kingdom, and other Dominions of His Majesty, any such Goods in Vessels of Sixty Tons Burthen and upwards, provided such Vessels have been admeasured according to the Rules prescribed by the last-mentioned Act.

VI. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act it is provided Commissioners ' that the Collectors and Controllers of Customs in certain Cases of Customs to

may grant for any Coasting Ship a general Transire, to continue Sf111 ]Seneral in force for any Time not exceeding One Year; and it is found

expedient, for the greater Accommodation of the Coasting ' Trade, that this Provision should be extended be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, whenever it shall appear to them to be necessary, to grant general Transires, under such Regulations and for such Time as they may see fit, for the lading of any Goods, and for the clearing the Ship in which the Goods shall be, laden, and for the unlading of the Goods at the Place of Discharge: Provided always, that such Transires shall be written in the Cargo Books required by Law to be kept by the Masters of Coasting Vessels; provided also, that if the said Commissioners shall at any Time revoke such Transires, and Notice thereof shall be given to the Master or Owner of the Ship, or shall be given to any of the Crew when on board the Ship, or shall be entered in the Cargo Book by any Officer of the Customs, such Transires shall be void, and shall be delivered up by the Master or Owner of the Ship.

C. 60.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Jfrytlatiai

Goods reported to Customs as Jetsam, Flotsam, or Lagan, and not claimed within Twelve Months, to be deemed condemned as Droits of All* miralty.

Smuggling.

Boats used in fishing on the Coast of Scotland not required to have Licences. S&4W. 4. C. 5S.

Magistrates to commit Offenders convicted of Offences against Customs I>aws to nearest House of Correction.

4 W, 4. c. 13.

VII. And whereas Goods found Derelict, and Articles under

the Denomination of Goods Jetsam, Flotsam, and Lagan, are

frequently picked up at Sea and brought into the Porta of this ' Kingdom, which, if not claimed by any Owner within the Period limited by Law, belong of right to His Majesty in His Office of Admiralty, but by reason of the Smallness of their Value would, 4 if prosecuted to Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty* 4 be wholly unproductive be it therefore enacted, That whenever any such Goods, whether picked up at Sea or on the Shore within the Flow of the Sea, shall be reported to the Officers of the Customs, Notice thereof shall be forthwith given by them to the Receiver General of Droits of Admiralty, and all such Goods shall be placed at his Disposal, subject however to the Payment of the Duties with which they shall be respectively chargeable; and in case the rightful Owner thereof shall prove his Claim thereto to the Satisfaction of the said Receiver General within the Period of Twelve Calendar Months from the Day on which they shall be so reported, such Goods shall be restored to the Owner on Payment of the Duties and necessary Charges attending the Care of the same, and a reasonable Compensation, to the Amount of One Third of the net Value (after abating the Duties and Charges aforesaid) , to the Salvors thereof; but if no such Claim shall be established within the Period aforesaid, then such Goods shall be deemed and taken and be condemned to His Majesty as Droits of Admiralty, and may be sold by the said Receiver General, without any Process from the High Court of Admiralty; and the net Proceeds thereof, after Payment of Duties, Salvage, and other Charges as aforesaid, shall be disposed of by him, and carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, in like Manner as Droits of Admiralty are by an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, directed to be applied j any thing in any Act or Acts contained, or any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by one other of the said Acts, intituled An 4 Ad for the Prevention of Smuggling, all Boats belonging in the ' whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjects found within certain Limits are forfeited, unless the Owners thereof have obtained a 4 Licence for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs: And whereas it is expedient to dispense with such Licences for Boats used in fishing on the Coasts of ' Scotland; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Owners of Boats 'solely engaged in fishing on the Coasts of Scotland shall not be required to obtain Licences for navigating the same from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs under the Provisions of the same recited Act

IX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so muck of an Act of the then last Session of Parliament for the Prevention of Smuggling as authorizes Magistrates to sentence Persons convicted of certain Offences to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and to alter and amend the said Act, Persons duly convicted of certain Offences in that Act mentioned before any

4 Two

A.D. 1836. 6 & 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 60.

209

4 Two Justices of the Peace are to be adjudged by such Justices to be imprisoned in any House of Correction, and there kept to hard Labour lor certain Terms in that Act mentioned: And whereas there are certain Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Divisions, 4 Franchises, and Towns Corporate in the United Kingdom which have not any House of Correction situate within or near the ' same; be it therefore enacted, That when any Person shall have been duly convicted of any of the Offences in the said Act mentioned before any Two Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction there is no House of Correction, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to any of His Majesty's Gaols within their Jurisdiction wherein the Sentence of hard Labour is or can be executed, or to the House of Correction nearest to the Place where such Offender is convicted, for such Time as is set forth in the said Act for a First, Second, and Third Offence respectively; and the Governor or Keeper of such House of Correction is hereby required to receive such Offender, and to obey such Warrant in aU respects as if such House of Correction was within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices.

X. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Person shall have been detuned and taken before any Justice of the Peace for unshipping, or for aiding, assisting, or being concerned in the unshipping, of any Spirits or Tobacco liable to Forfeiture, under any Act relating to the Customs or Excise, or for carrying, conveying, or concealing, or for aiding, assisting, or being concerned in the carrying, conveying, or concealing, of any such Spirits or Tobacco, and it shall appear to such Justice that the Quantity of Spirits in respect of which such Person has been so detained does not exceed One Gallon, or that the Quantity of Tobacco in respect of which such Person has been so detained does not exceed Six Pounds Weight, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized to proreed summarily upon the Case without any Information, and although no Direction shall have been given by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and to convict such Person of such Offence, and to adjudge that such Person shall, in lieu of any other Penalty, forfeit any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and in default of Payment of such Sum of Money to commit such Person to any of His Majesty's Gaols for any Time not exceeding One Month.

XI. And whereas by another Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, Spirits found on board Vessels within certain Distances of the Coast of the United Kingdom, not being in Casks or Packages containing Forty Gallons at the least, or any Tobacco or Snuff, not being in a 4 Cask or Package containing Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight at least, are made liable to Forfeiture, and the Persons found or discovered to have been on board such Vessels to Detendon and Prosecution on account thereof; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where Casks or Packages containing Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, found on board Vessels within any such Distances, arc of such Size or Dimensions as may be legally

imported

Smuggling.

Authorizing Magistrates to proceed to Conviction of Smug, giers in certain Cases without an Order from the Board of Customs.

Prosecutions not to be instituted in Cases where Spirits, &c. are found on board Vessels in legal Packages, &c. 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 5S.

300

C. 60.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Duties.

Table of new Duties.

3 & 4 W. 4. C. 56.

imported into the United Kingdom, no such Forfeiture, Detention, and Prosecution shall take place, but that in all other respects the Forfeitures, Detentions, and Prosecutions set forth in the said Act shall attach and be in force as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And whereas one other Act was passed in the said Third ' and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for granting Duties of Customs, and it is expedient to 1 amend the same in the Manner herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That instead of the Duties imposed by the said last-mentioned Act and set forth in a Table thereunto annexed, denominated " A Table of Duties of Customs Inwards," the several Duties set forth in Figures in the Table herein-after contained, and denominated " Table of New Duties, One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six," shall, in respect of such Goods as are mentioned therein, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed in and by the said Act, and had been set forth in the said Table thereunto annexed; (that is to say,)

TABLE OF NEW DUTIES, 1836.

£ s. d.

Aristolochia the lb. 0 1

Beads of Glass - the lb. 1 0

Box Wood - the Ton 0 10 0

Bugles - the lb. 0 1 0

Cassia Fistula - the lb. 0 0 1

Cedar - the Ton 0 10 0

Chalk; viz *, prepared or otherwise manufactured

the 100/. of Value 10 0 0

Chalk, unmanufactured - - the 100/. of Value 5 0 0

Chicory, or any other Vegetable Matter applicable to the Uses of Chicory or Coffee; viz*.

Raw or kiln-dried - - the Cwt.

Roasted or ground - - the Cwt.

Clinkers, called Dutch Clinkers - - the 1,000

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this or any other Act - - the Cwt.

Ebony, the Produce of or imported from any Foreign

Country - - the Ton

Feathers; viz1. Ostrich, undressed - - the lb.

Paddy Bird - - the lb.

Flower Roots - - the 1001. of Value

Ginger, preserved; the Produce of or imported from any Foreign Country - the lb.

Horns and Horn Tips - - the Ton

Lignum Vitae - the Ton

Mahogany, imported from any Foreign Country, entered after the 5th of July 1837 - - the Ton

Maps or Charts, or Parts thereof; viz*.

---- Plain - each

---- Coloured - ... each

Marmalade, the Produce of or imported from any Foreign Country - - the lb.

10 0 2 16 0 O 10 0

0 2 0

0 10 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 5 0 0

0 0 6 0 1 0 0 10 0

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 6

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 60.

SOI

the Ton - the Cwt. imported from any the Ton the lb. the lb.

Morphia and its Salts - the lb.

Nickel; viz Arsenate of Nickel, in Lumps or Powder, being in an unrefined State - the 100/. of Value Nickel, metallic, refined, and Oxide of Nickel

the 100/. of Value

Nuts, viz. Castor Nuts or Seed Oil, viz. Castor Oil Olive Wood, the Produce of or Foreign Country Opium -Orange Flower Water Plate, old, not battered up, having been in the private Use of the Importer while residing Abroad, and intended for his private Use in this Kingdom, viz1.

---- Silver - - the oz.

---- Gold - the oz.

Quinine, Sulphate of the oz.

Rags, viz. old Woollen Rags - - the Ton

Rice, rough and in the Husk, imported from the West Coast of Africa - the Quarter

Rose Wood - ... the Ton

Sebadilla Seeds - - the Cwt.

Speckled Wood, the Produce of or imported from any Foreign Country - - the Ton

Spices, viz.

---- Cloves -

---- Mace -

---- Pepper -

---- Pimento -

Succades, the Produce of or imported Foreign Country -

Sweet Wood, the Produce of or imported Foreign Country -

Teak Wood .....

---- imported from any British

within the Limits of the East India

the lb. the lb. the lb. the lb. from any the lb. from any the Ton the Load Possession Company's

- the Load Sea Horse, or Sea

- the Cwt.

the lb.

- the Gallon

£ s. d.

0 16 0

5 0 0

20 0 0

0 1 0

0 1 3

2 10 0

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 2 0

1 0 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 I

6 0 0

0 4 0

2 10 0

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 6

2 10 0

0 10 0

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 10 0

Charter

Teeth; viz. Elephant's, Sea Cow,

Morse Teeth Verdigris -

Water; viz. Mineral Water

Wax; viz. Bees Wax unbleached, the Produce of the West Coast of Africa, and imported from thence

the Cwt.

XIII.* And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 4 Ad to repeal the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privilege* of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the raid Company for the Loss of such Privileges, certain Duties

+of Customs on Goods imported from Places within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of that Company, and also certain Duties of Tonnage on Vessels trading between those Limits and the United Kingdom were imposed:. And whereas it is expedient to repeal

the Duties,

Repealing certain Duties imposed by 55 G. 3. c. 57 .

808

C. 60, 61.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Possessions

Abroad,

Packages for the Importation and Exportation of Segars into or from the Islands of Jersey, &c.

Certain Exports from Guernsey and Jersey permitted.

Bill of Entry;

Duplicate thereof to be delivered also.

7 G. 2. c. 15.

26 G. 8. c. 86.

53 G.3. c. 159.

the said Duties; be it therefore enacted, That the said Duties diail be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except such of the same as shall have become due prior to the passing of tins Act. 9

XIV. And whereas by one other of the said ActB, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad, no Tobacco is permitted to be imported into or exported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, or either of than, ' or removed from any one to any other of the said Islands, or

Coastwise from any one Part to any other Part of either of the said Islands, unless in a Cask or Package containing Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight be it enacted, That the said Restriction shall not extend to any Segars in Packages of not las than One hundred Pounds Weight.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to allow any Sort of Craft, 4 Food, Victuals (except Spirits) , and any Sort of Clothing and Implements and Materials fit and necessary for the British Fisheries in America, to be imported in British Ships into any Port or Place in the British Possessions in North America at or from whence the said Fisheries are carried on, although such Port or Place be not a free Port be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to import from the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey in British Ships into such Places in America the Articles before enumerated and described, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas by the said last-mentioned Act the Person entering any Goods is required to deliver to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, a Bill of the Entry thereof, 4 containing the several Particulars set forth in the said Act be it enacted, That such Person shall also deliver at the same Time One or more Duplicates of such Bill, in which all Sums and Numbers may be expressed in Figures, and the Particulars to be contained in such Bill of Entry shall be written and arranged in such Form and Manner, and the Number of such Duplicates shall be such as the Collector and Comptroller shall require.

CAP. LXL

An Act to assimilate the Law of Ireland to that of England

in respect to the Liability of Owners of Vessels for Losses

by Fire.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of the Master or Mariners: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Seventh Year of Bis late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to settle how far Owners of Skips shall be answerable for Acts of the Master or Mermen, ' 4 and for giving further Relief to the Owners of Ships: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-third Year of tbs Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to limit the Respotisibility of Ship Owners in certain Cases t

A.D. 1836.

6ofeT' GULIELMI IV. C. 61, 62.

803

And whereas Doubts hare existed whether the said Two first mentioned Acts apply to that Part of the United Kingdom called ' Ireland? And whereas it is expedient that all the said several herein-before recited Acts should be deemed and taken to apply

to Ireland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Provisions of the said several herein-before recited Acts and of each of them shall be deemed and taken to extend and apply to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for continuing until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament* [13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Acts for making,

If amending, and repairing the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire on the First Day of June One thousand ' eight hundred and thirty-seven should be continued for a limited ' Time Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament for making, amending, and repairing any Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire on the Fust Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven shall be and the same is and are hereby continued until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, or if Parliament shall then be sitting until the End of the then Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging die Term and Powers of an Act if Hie present Majesty, for repairing the Hood from Wood-bridgeis Eye in the County of Suffolk, and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith *

Provisions of recited Acts extended to Ireland.

[Public Act.]

Turnpike Acts further continued.

Act not to extend to 54 G. 3. c. xvi.

C. 63.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 50.

Surveyor under recited Act may recover Highway Rates or Compositions due under Acts thereby repealed.

Application of Money recovered.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act may be amended this Session.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to facilitate, until the Nineteenth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, die Recovery of certain Arrears of Highway Rates and Composition in lieu of Statute Duty.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made and passed in the Fifth

v and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* ' intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to ' Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, certain ' Statutes relating to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England were repealed: And whereas at the Time of tac Repeal of the said Statutes certain Rates and Composition in lieu of Statute Duty made under and by virtue of the said repealed Acts, some or one of them, were legally due and owing- and still remain unpaid: And whereas it is expedient to provide

a Remedy for the Recovery thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Surveyor and Surveyors appointed under the said Act made and passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty shall and may and are hereby authorized and required forthwith to proceed for the Recovery of any Rate or Composition in lieu of Statute Duty which was duly made under and by virtue of the said repealed Acts, some or one of them, previous to the same being repealed, and which still remains unpaid, and for that Purpose shall have the same Powers and Authorities as if the Rate or Composition in lieu thereof had been made under and by virtue of the said Act made and passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, and shall apply the Money which he or they may so recover, after deducting the Costs and Expences of such Recovery, to the Payment and Discharge of any Debts which may be legally due and owing from the Surveyor or Surveyors under the said repealed Acts, some or one of them, and the Overplus, if any, towards carrying into effect the several Purposes of the said Act made and passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Nineteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 64.

305

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament for imposing certain Restriction^ on the Rehewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons.

[18th August 1836.]

WHERfeAS by an Act passed in this present Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act for imposing certain Restric- twns on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons, it is amongst other Things enacted, that whenever any Archbishop,

Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary,

Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian should thereafter grant any renewed Lease of any House, Land, Tithes,

or other Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his or their ' See, Chapter, Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, or Hospital,

such Lease should contain such Recital or Statement as therein mentioned, every such Recital or Statement should, so far as relates to the Validity of the Lease so to be granted, be deemed ' and taken to be conclusive Evidence of the Truth of the Matter ' so recited or stated; and it is thereby further enacted, that if any Lease contrary to the said Act should have been granted since ' the First-Day of March in this present Year, or should be granted after the passing of the said Act, every such Lease should be void to all Intents and Purposes: And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether Leases granted since the said First Day of March in this Year, or to be hereafter granted, by any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person,

4 Master or Guardian, and which do not contain such Recital or Statement as aforesaid, are not made absolutely void by the aforesaid Enactment; and it is expedient that all such Doubts should be removed: Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Lease granted or to be hereafter granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master, or Guardian, shall be deemed or taken to be void under the Provisions of the said Act by reason only of its not containing such Recital or Statement as therein mentioned: Provided always, that whenever any Archbishop, Bishop, Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Dignitary, Canon, Prebendary, Spiritual Person, Master or Guardian, shall hereafter grant any renewed Lease of any Manor, Messuage, Land, Tithes, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his or their See, Chapter, Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, or Hospital, and such Lease shall contain such Recital or Statement as in the said Act is mentioned, every such Recital or Statement shall, so far as relates to the Validity of the Lease so to be granted, be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence of the Truth of the Matter so recited.

6 W. 4. c 20.

Leases granted by Spiritual Persons under the Provisions of the recited Act not void by reason of not containing such llecital as is mentioned in that Act.

6A7 Gul.IV.

X

306

C. 65.

6° & 7° GUJLIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Duties on Four-wheeled Carriages let to Hire and drawn by One Horse reduced.

Former Exemptions in re-spec* of certain Carriages with less than Four Wheels drawn by One Horse repealed. 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 39. s.5.

Exemption granted in lieu thereof

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and on Stage Carriages, in certain Cases, and to regulate the charging of the Duty payable for taking or killing Game in Great Britain; and to provide for the Collection of certain Local Taxes in Scotland.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is* expedient to grant Relief from certain of ' the Duties of Assessed Taxes in the several Cases herein-

after particularly mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 'Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon all Assessments made or to be made for any Year commencing from or at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the Duties of Assessed Taxes granted and now payable under Schedule (D.) , Number S, of Two several Acts passed respectively in the Forty-eighth and Fifty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, upon or in respect of Carriages with Four Wheels kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, with Horses to be used therewith, as in the said Schedule is mentioned, shall, so far as the same relate to any such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, eease and determine, and in lieu thereof there shall be granted and paid upon or in respect of every such Carriage so drawn as last aforesaid the reduced annual Duty of Four Pounds Ten Shillings, which said reduced Duty shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and paid in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, as the Duties now in force.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth ' Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to reduce certain of the Duties on Dwelling Houses, and to ram! 4 other Duties of Assessed Taxes, Exemptions were granted from the Duties of Assessed Taxes for and in respect of certain ' Carriages with less than Four Wheels, constructed and used is therein described r And whereas it is expedient to give further ' Relief by granting a more extended Exemption in lieu thereof as herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That upon all such Assessments as aforesaid the said Exemptions contained in the said last-recited Act for and in respect of any Carriages with less than Four Wheels shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof there shall be granted the following Exemption; (that is to say,) no Duty of Assessed Taxes shall be charged or chargeable for or in respect of any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, kept by any Person for his or her own Use, and not for Hire or Profit (except for the Conveyance of Prisoners or Paupers, as herein-after mentioned) , and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule only, and not otherwise, whatever may be the Form or Construction of such Carriage, or the Materials with which the same shall be built or fitted up; provided that the Price or Value of such Carriage, together with the Cushion or Cushions, and every or any other Article or Thing used therewith

or

6° & 7° C?ULIELMI IV.

C. 65i

S07

or belonging thereto, shall not exceed or at any Time hare exceeded the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds; and provided also, that such Carriage shall have the Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode and Occupation or Calling of the Owner and of every Owner thereof painted in Words at Length and in legible and conspicuous Roman Letters or Characters Two Inches at the least in Height, and of a proper and proportionate Breadth, in One or more straight and horizontal Line or Lines in White upon a Black Ground or in Black upon a White Ground, on a plain and even Surface on the Outside of such Carriage, that is to say, upon the fiaek Part of the Body thereof; or if there shall be no such Back Part, then upon the Panel on the Right or Off-side of the Body; or if there shall be no such Panel, then upon some other coflsfneuous Part of such Side; or if there be no such Side, then Bpoo the outer Part of the Right or Off-side Shaft; and in such plain and conspicuous Manner that the same shall be at all Times visible and legible.

III. And be it enacted, That no Carriage of any Description whatsoever, nor any Horse or Horses drawing the same, nor any Person employed to drive such Horse or Horses, shall be charged or chargeable with any of the Duties of Assessed Taxes on account or by reason of such Carriage being used for Hire or Profit, or otherwise, in conveying any Prisoner or Prisoners to or from any Prison, or in conveying any Pauper or Paupers at the Expence of any Parish, Township, or Union, or of any Person who may have contracted with any Parish, Township, or Union for the Con* teyanee of Paupers.

IV. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty-second 1 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

4 Schedule (C.) , Number 1., the Duties thereby granted and made payable for Male Servants are declared to extend to all Servants employed in any of the Capacities therein mentioned, except,

amongst others, the Drivers employed by Persons licensed to sell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, to drive their Carriages ' with Hones let out to Hire; and it is expedient to grant Relief from such Duties for all such Drivers, whether employed by such licensed Persons or not be it therefore enacted, That upon all each Assessments as aforesaid the said last-mentioned Duties shall not be charged or chargeable for or upon any Driver employed by any Person duly licensed to let Horses for Hire to drive his Carriage or Carriages with a Horse or Horses let out to Hire, in tuch Manner that the Duty on Horses let for Hire shall be payable by Law in respect of the Hone or Horses so let out to Hire with every such Carriage.

V.4 And whereas it is expedient that the Soldiers allowed by the Regulations of the Publie Service to be employed as Ser-< vasts by General Officers and Officers of the Staff in the Army should not be chargeable to such Officers with the Duties of Assessed Taxes; be it therefore enacted, That upon all such Assessments as aforesaid all General Officers and all Officers of the Staff in the Army shall be exempt from the Duties of Assessed Taxes for so many Male Servants, being actually Soldiers in the Army, employed by such Officers respectively, as are or may be allowed to them respectively by the Regulations of the Public X 2 Service,

Carriages, &c. conveying Prisoners or Paupers exempted from Duties of Assessed Taxes.

Drivers of Carriages let to Hire by Persons licensed to let Horses for Hire exempted.

Soldiers employed as Servants by General Officers and Officers of the Staff* exempted from Duties of Assessed Taxes.

808

Extending the Exemption granted by 52 G. S. c. 93. to certain Officers of the Navy.

Carriages for carrying Passengers travelling at a Rate less than Four Miles an Hour not to be deemed Stage Carriages.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 120.

G. 4. C. 44. s.7.

C. 65. 6° & 7° GULIfi^LMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Service, in whatever Capacity such Soldiers may have been or may be employed, and without regard to any other Male Servants retained or kept by such Officers, and for which they may be respectively liable to be assessed; provided that all such Servants for which such Exemption as aforesaid is hereby granted shall be duly returned to the Assessor, and the said Exemption shall be claimed in the Manner directed by the Laws in force with regard to other Exemptions from the Duties of Assessed Taxes.

VI. And whereas under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third

Exemption from the Duties payable for Made Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities mentioned in Schedule (C.) , 4 Numbers 1. and 2., to the said Act annexed, is granted to every Officer in His Majesty's Navy under the Rank of a Master and Commander in actual Employ for One Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Exemption in the ' Manner herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That upon all such Assessments as aforesaid the said Exemption shall be and is hereby extended and granted to every Officer of His Majesty's Navy, of whatever Rank, in actual Employ, for any Number of Servants borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong and employed by him, in whatever Capacity any such Servant may be employed, and without regard to any other Male Servants retained or kept by such Officer, and for which he may be liable to be assessed: Provided always, that all such Servants shall be duly returned to the Assessor, and the Exemption claimed in the Manner directed by Law with regard to other Exemptions from the Duties of Assessed Taxes.

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horse* let far Hire in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and also to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto, it is enacted that every Carriage used or employed as therein mentioned, and which when passing along any Highway or other

Road shall travel at the Rate of Three Miles or more in the Hour, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stage Carriage within ' the Meaning of the said Act, provided as therein also mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to permit certain Carriages to travel at a Rate exceeding Three Miles in the Hour without being ' deemed to be Stage Carriages; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Carriage shall by reason of the Rate of travelling be deemed or taken to be a Stage Carriage within the Meaning of the said Act unless the same shall travel at the Rate of Four Miles or more in the Hour.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for allowing Persons to compound for their Assessed Taxes for the Remainder of the Periods of Composition limited by former Acts, and for granting Relief in certain Cases, the Inspectors or Surveyors acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes are authorised and empowered to

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 65.

309

charge according to the Provisions of the said Acts any Person chargeable with the Duty payable by Persons in respect of their taking or killing Game, or doing other Acts by which they are

rendered liable to the said Duty, and who shall have omitted to ' pay the said Duty and obtain a Certificate as by the said Acts directed without any previous Information and Conviction of the Offender in the Penalty for any such Offence, provided every such Charge be made within a Period limited by the said Acts and in the single Duty only: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Period limited by the said Acts for making any such last-mentioned Charge, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts, and to amend the said last-recited Enactment in the Manner herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That vhere any Person who shall be chargeable with the said Duty payable by Persons in respect of their taking or killing Game, or doing other Acts by which they are rendered liable to the said Duty, shall omit to pay the said Duty or to obtain a Certificate as by the said Acts is directed, it shall be lawful for any such Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid to charge any such Person with the said Duty at any Time on or before the Fifth Day of April next after such Person shall have become so chargeable, and whether such Person shall have been previously convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid or not, subject nevertheless to Appeal according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Acts; and upon every such Charge as last aforesaid, which shall be allowed or confirmed by the said Commissioners of Taxes, the Assessment shall be made in Double the Rate of Duty chargeable; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit or strike off any Part of the said Double Duty; any thing iu any Act or Acts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to Game, it is enacted that vhere any Person shall be charged on the Oath of a credible Witness with any Offence punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act before a Justice of the Peace the Justice may summon the Party charged to appear before himself or any One or Two Justices of the Peace, as the Case may require, at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons, and if such Party shall not appear accordingly, then the Justice or Justices may proceed in the Case in the Manner directed by the said Act; and it is expedient to explain and

amend the said Enactment as herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enacted and declared, That upon any Information made or exhibited before a Justice of the Peace of any such Offence as aforesaid it shall not be necessary that the Charge contained in such Information should be made on the Oath of the Informer or Prosecutor in such Case; provided that before any Proceeding shall be bad or taken upon such Information, either for summoning the Party accused or compelling his Appearance to answer the same, the Charge contained in such Information shall be deposed to on the Oath of some other Person or Persons being a credible Witness or credible Witnesses.

Surcharges for the Game Certificate Duty to be made on or before the 5th April next after die Duty is incurred.

Assessments thereon to be made in Double Duty.

Information on Oath not necessary in first instance under

1 & 2 W. 4. C. 3*.

310

C. 65.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Local Taxes in Scotland heretofore collected by the Collector of the Land Tax to be collected by the Collectors of County Assessments.

Appointment of Collectors of County Assessments in Scotland to be vested in the Commissioners of Supply.

Counties and Burghs in Scotland not liable for Deficiency in Taxes occasioned by Default of Collectors appointed by Treasury.

+X. And whereas by Law the Appointment of Collectors of Land Tax in Scotland is now vested in the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and by certain Statutes it is provided that the Collection of certain local and other Taxes and Assessments and the Performance of certain Acts should be made and done by Collectors of the Land Tax, and it is expedient in such Matters to substitute for the Collectors of the Land Tax the Collectors of County, City, and Town Assessments respectively, or such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Supply shall appoint in that

Behalf*be it therefore enacted, That with respect to all local Taxes and Assessments, and other Matters and Duties in Scotland not affecting His Majesty's Revenue of Land or Assessed Taxes, as to which the Collector of the Land Tax is mentioned, or has Matters or Things to do or has Powers granted to him, such Matters or Things shall be and are hereby required to be done by, and such Powers shall be and are hereby granted to the principal Collector or Collectors, or Officer or Officers of the Nature of principal Collector or Collectors of County, City, or Town Assessments respectively, or to such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Supply shall appoint in that Behalf, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if in such Statutes respecting local and other Matters the Words principal Collector of County, City, or Town Assessments respectively, or Officer of the Nature of such principal Collector, or such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Supply shall appoint in that Behalf, had been inserted as to such Matters instead of the Word* Collector of the Land Tax or other Words descriptive of the Office of Collector of the Land Tax.

XI. Provided also, and be it declared, That notwithstanding the Transfer of the Appointment of Collectors of the Land Tax in Scotland to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of Supply or other Persons by whom Collectors of the Land Tax were appointed before such Transfer continue to have and shall have full Power to appoint Collectors and other Officers in regard to the County, City, or Town Assessments formerly collected by Collectors of the Land Tax; and such Collectors of County, City, or Town Assessments, and other Officers, shall have in regard to such Assessments all the Powers exercised in regard to such Assessments by the Collectors of the Land Tax.

XII. And whereas the Collectors of the Land and Assessed f Taxes in Scotland are now appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and Doubts have arisen ' touching the Liability of the several Counties and Burghs in ' Scotland charged with the raising, collecting, and paying over ' of the said Taxes to answer for the Failure or Default of such i Collectors so appointed; and it is just and reasonable that such ' Counties and Burghs should be relieved from such Liability a* ' aforesaid, and that all Doubts touching the same should be re-

moved; be it therefore enacted and declared, That no County or Burgh in Scotland shall be liable to make good or to be assessed or re-assessed for any Defalcation or Deficiency in the Collection of the Land Tax or Assessed Taxes which shall or may be oeca-

sionul

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 65-67,

311

rioned by the Failure or Default of any Collector or Collectors appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to prevent the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the Laws in force are insufficient to prevent the ' advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries in this 1 Kingdom, and it is expedient to make further Provision for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preset Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Person shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Advertisement or other Notice of or relating to the drawing or intended drawing of any Foreign Lottery, or of any Lottery or Lotteries, not authorized by some Act or Acts of Parliament; or if any Person shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Advertisement or other Notice of or for the Sale of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, or of any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, of or in any such Lottery or Lotteries as aforesaid, or any Advertisement or Notice concerning or in any Manner relating to any such Lottery or Lotteries, or any Ticket, Chance, or Share, Tickets, Chances, or Shares thereof or therein; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster or Dublin respectively, or in the Court of Session in Scotland; one Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person who shall inform or sue for the mine.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for suspending for One Year Appointments to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS His Majesty was pleased, on the Fourth Day of February and on the Sixth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, to issue Two several Commissions to certain Persons therein respectively named, 4 directing them to consider the State of the Established Church

in England and Wales with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues: And whereas the said Commissioners have, in pursuance of such Directions, made Four several Reports to His Majesty, bearing Date respectively the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and the Fourth Day of Marche the Twentieth Day of Mag, and the

X 4 4 Twenty-

Act may he altered, &c. this Session.

Penalty for advertising Foreign or illegal Lotteries, SOL

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

318 C. 6T.

Future Appointments.

Vacancies in Canonries, Prebends, or Dignities not to be filled up.

[Proviso.]

4 Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and have in the last of such Reports, amongst other Things, recommended that the Chapter of each Cathedral Church ' in England, except at Oxford, of the Collegiate Church of Westminster, and of His Majesty's Royal Chapel of Windsor, consist hereafter of a Dean and Four Canons only; that the Chapter of Christ Church in Oxford consist hereafter of a Dean and Six 1 Canons only; that the Chapters of Scant Asaph and Banger ' 1 respectively consist hereafter of a Dean and Two Canons only;

that the Chapter of Saint Davids consist hereafter of a Precentor and Two Canons only, and that the Chapter of Handajf consist hereafter of an Archdeacon and Two Canons only; and that no new Appointment be made to any of the Prebends,

4 Dignities, or Offices, not being residentiary, in the several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, except as therein specified, nor to the Deanery of Wolverhampton; and that all Ecclesiastical Rectories without Cure of Souls, except such as are in the Patronage of any College in either of the Universities, or of any private Patron, be suppressed: And whereas the said Commissioners have also recommended various other Measures, some of which are connected with and dependent upon the foregoing Recommendations, and it is expedient that the Reports of the said Commissioners in these respects should be further considered in the next Session of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice tod Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all future Appointments to any Ecclesiastical Dignity, Place, or Office referred to in the above-mentioned Recommendtions be made subject to such Measures and Regulations as mi; hereafter be enacted respecting the same, except as herein-after excepted; no Appointment, Presentation, or Collation be made to any Canonry, Prebend, or Dignity in any Cathedral Church in England or Wales, or in His Majesty's Royal Chapel of Winter, or in the Collegiate Churches of Westminster and Ripon, or to any Benefice without Cure of Souls in England or Wales, which is now vacant or which shall hereafter become vacant during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to apply to any Archdeaconry, nor to any Deanery, except the Deanery of Wolverhampton, nor to the Dignity of Precentor in the Cathedral Church of Saint Davids, nor to any of the Canonries in the Cathedral Churches of York Saint Paula in London, Carlisle, Chichester, and Lincoln, nor to either of the Two Canonries of Christ Church, which are respectively annexed to the Regius Professorships of Divinity and Hebrew in the University of Oxford, nor to the Prebend in the Cathedral Church of Worcester, which is annexed to the Lady Margaret's Professorship of Divinity in the same University, nor to the Two Prebends in the Collegiate Church of Westminster, which the said Commissioners have in their said Reports recommended to be annexed to the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John in the City of Westminster respectively, nor to the Fourth Prebend in the Cathedral Church of Durhctm, which is! by an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty *

1.D.J6S&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

a 67, 68.

818

Reign to be annexed to the Archdeaconry of Durham, nor to the Prebends in the Cathedral Churches of Gloucester, Norwich, and Rochester, which are respectively annexed to the Masterships of Pembroke College in Oxford and of Catherine Hall in Cambridge, the Provostship of Oriel College in Oxford, and the Archdeaconry of Rochester respectively, nor to any Prebend now enjoyed by the Bishops of Lincoln, Lichfield, Exeter, and Salisbury in the Chapters of their respective Sees, nor to any Benefice without Cure of Souls which is in the Patronage of any College in either of the Universities or of any private Patron, nor to any Canonry in the Chapter of Christ Church in Oxford by the Vacancy of which the Canonries in the said Chapter shall be reduced below the Number of Six, nor to any Prebend or Canonry in the Chapter of any other Cathedral or Collegiate Church in England, or of His Majesty's Royal Chapel of Windsor, or of the Collegiate Churches of Westminster or Ripon, by the Vacancy of which the Prebends or Canonries in such Chapters respectively, shall be reduced below the Number of Four, nor to any Canonry in the Chapter of either of the Cathedral Churches of Wales by the Vacancy of which the Canonries in such Chapter shall be reduced below the Number of Two.

II. And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act for protecting the Revenues of vacant i Ecclesiastical Dignities, Prebends, Canonries, and Benefices ' without Cure of Souls, and for preventing the Lapse thereof, ' during the pending Inquiries respecting the State of the Established Church in England and Wales be it enacted, That Dothing herein contained shall be construed to prejudice or affect the said Act, excepting such Part thereof as provides that nothing therein contained shall prevent His Majesty, or anj Archbishop, Bishop, or other Patron of any* Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, or Benefice without Cure of Souls which at the Time of the passing of the said Act might have or should thereafter become vacant, from appointing a Successor thereto in case he should think proper to do so, but that such last-mentioned Provision, except so far as it relates to any Canonry, Prebend, Dignity, or Benefice herein-before excepted from the Operation of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the said Act, except as herein excepted, shall remain in full Force during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force for One Year from the passing thereof, and if Parliament shall be then sitting, until the End of the Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Australia.

[13 th August 1836.]

Act not to affect Act S&6W.4. c. SO.

Recited Act to continue in force with this Act.

Duration of Act.

10 G. 4. c.

CL 89.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Goldsmiths not to work Gold or Silver Plate inferior to certain Standard

QiuiJifipg-

Goldsmiths to send their Names, Descriptions, and Marks to the Goldsmiths Incorporation of Edinburgh or the Goldsmiths Company of Glasgow.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof [13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Gold and Silver Plate and Wares wrought, sold, or exchanged in Scotland should be respectively of certain Standard Qualities, and should be assayed and marked in manner herein-after mentioned:' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person in Scotland shall work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, any Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture or Ware of Gold whatsoever, less in Fineness than Eighteen Carats of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; nor work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture or Ware, whatsoever, less in Fineness than Eleven Ounces and Two Pennyweights of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy; nor sell, exchange, or keep or expose for Sale, or export or attempt to export out of Jandy any Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture or Ware of Gold whatsoever, wrought or made after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, less in Fineness than Eighteen Carats of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; nor sell, exchange, or keep or expose for Sale, or export or attempt to export out of Scotland, any Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture or Ware of Silver whatsoever, wrought or made after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, less in Fineness than Eleven Ounces and Two Pennyweights of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy; and every Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person who shall after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, or sell, exchange, keep, or expose for Sale, or export or attempt to expoit out of Scotland, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture or Ware of Gold or Silver, less in Fineness respectively than is herein-before directed, shall for each Piece of Gold or Silver Plate so sold, exchanged, or kept or exposed for Sale, or exported or attempted to be exported as aforesaid, forfeit and pay i Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That on or before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six every Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plate-worker, or other Person carrying on any of the said Trades in Scotland, and also every Person who at any Time after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six shall follow the Trade of a Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plate-worker, before he shall exercise the same, shall send or deliver, either to the Wardens of the Incorporation of Goldsmiths of the City of Edinburgh, or to the Wardens of the Glasgow Goldsmiths Company, a written Statement of his Christian

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 69.

315

and Surnames, and also, if he shall carry on Trade in Copartner* ship, of the Style or Firm of the said Copartnership, and of his Place of Abode and Business, and of his Mark to be used as is herein-after provided, which said Mark shall be the Initial Letters of his Christian and Surnames, or, in the Case of Members of a Partnership, the Initial Letters of the Words composing the Style or Firm under which the Business of such Partnership shall "be carried on, and shall also from Time to Time, when any Alteration of Circumstances shall take place in any of the said Particulars, send or deliver in as aforesaid a like Statement of such Alteration within Two Months after the same shall take place; and such Statements respectively shall be entered by the said Wardens, without Fee or Reward, in the respective nooks or Registers of the said Incorporation or Company; and every such Goldsmith, Silver-smith, or Plateworker who shall neglect or refuse to send or deliver such Statement, or who shall use or strike any other Mark on such Plate or Ware as aforesaid than that which he shall so send or deliver, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, and Plate-worker, or Person carrying on any of the said Trades in Scotland, shall first strike or stamp his Mark upon all Gold and 8iiver Plate or Ware (except as is herein-after excepted) which he shall make or work, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and shall then bring or send the same to the Assay Office of the Incorporation or Company to which he shall have sent or delivered his Name and Firm, Place of Abode and Business, and Mark as aforesaid, together with a Note or Memorandum in Writing specifying the Day of the Month and Year when such Plate is so sent to be assayed, the Place of Business and the Christian and Surnames of Worker or Maker, or the Style or Firm of the Workers or Makers of such Plate, the several Species in each Parcel of Plate, and the Number of Pieces of each Species, with the total Weight of such Pieces, and the Standard or Quality for denoting which the Worker or Maker shall require such Pieces respectively to be marked; and such Plate or Ware shall be assayed at such Assay Office in manner herein-after directed; and such Gold Plate or Ware as shall be ascertained to be not less in Fineness than Twenty-two Cants of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and such Silver Plate or Ware as shall be ascertained to be not less in Fineness than Eleven Ounces and Two Pennyweights of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy, shall be marked at such Assay Office as follows; that is to say, with the Mark of the Thistle, and with a distinct variable Letter, denoting the Year in which such Plate shall be marked, and also with the Mark or Marks used or to be used by the Incorporation or Company at whose Assay Office the same shall be assayed; and such Gold Plate or Ware as shall be ascertained to be not less in Fineness than Eighteen Carats of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy shall be marked with the Figures 18, in addition to the said several Marks herein-before required; and such Silver Plate or Ware as shall be ascertained

to

Goldsmiths to strike their Mark on Plate and send it to the Assay Office to be assayed, and if found Standard marked with certain Marks.

316

C. 69.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Assayers empowered to le?y Rates upon Plate 9cnt to be assayed.

Plate of objectionable Manufacture to be returned without Assay.

to be not less in Fineness than Eleven Ounces and Ten Pennyweights of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy shall be marked with the Figure of Britannia *, in addition to the several other Marks herein-before required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Assayer of such Assay Office, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Incorporation or Company to which such Assay Office shall belong, and he and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand, levy, and receive from such Person and Persons as shall bring to such Assay Office any Gold or Silver Plate or Ware to be assayed and marked, for the assaying and marking thereof, such Sums of Money as shall be found necessary for defraying the Expences of such Assay Office, and such Sums shall or may be levied in respect of such Plate or Ware, either in proportion to the Weight thereof, or by the Piece upon any single Piece of such Plate or Ware which shall not exceed, if of Gold the Weight of One Ounce, or if of Silver the Weight of Three Ounces; provided always, that such Sums, where the same shall be levied by Weight, shall not exceed the Rate of One Shilling for every Ounce of Gold, and One Penny for every Ounce of Silver, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that such Sums, where the same shall be levied by the Piece, shall not exceed One Shilling for each Piece of Gold Plate or Ware, or Three-pence for each Piece of Silver Plate or Ware; and such Incorporation and Company respectively shall from Time to Time fix and appoint such Sums so to be levied upon each Ounce Weight or upon eadh Piece, according to the Nature and Description thereof, and hang up and maintain in their Assay Office a Table of the Rates for the Time exigible by the Assayer for the assaying and marking of Plate and Ware, which Rates so fixed from Time to Time shall, with the Exceptions herein-after mentioned, be charged and levied equally in respect of all Plate and Ware of the same Species and Weight or Description which shall be assayed and marked at such Assay Office; and no Reduction or Advance which may be made, as herein-after provided, in the said Rates shall, either directly or i indirectly, be made partially or in favour of or against any particular Person or Class of Persons, but every such Reduction or Advance shall extend to all Plate and Ware of the same Species and Weight or Description and to all Persons sending the same to; be assayed and marked as aforesaid: Provided always, that such' Assayer or other Person aforesaid shall deduct from the Amount of the Rates or Sums demanded in respect of any Parcel of Plate or Ware which shall be sent to such Assay Office from any Distance greater than Thirty Miles therefrom a Sum not greater than One Third of the Amount of such Rates or Sums for or in respect of the Expence of the Carriage of such Parcel to and from such Assay Office.

V. And be it enacted, That all Gold and Silver Plate and Ware which shall be brought to either of the said Assay Offices shall be weighed and examined by the Assayer; and if it shall appear that the same is not all of one Quality of Gold or Silver, or if it be not marked with the Worker's Mark, or if it be charged with un« i necessary Solder, or if all the Pieces be not affixed together which

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 69.

SIT

it shall appear are intended to* be affixed together, then in any of such Cases, if no Intention of Fraud shall appear, such Plate or Ware shall be returned to the Owner thereof without being marked; but if such Plate or Ware shall be found free from all the Objections aforesaid, there shall be drawn or scraped so much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the Rate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight Troy, and such Drawings or Scrapings shall immediately afterwards be divided into Two equal Portions, one whereof shall be kept by the Assayer and used by him for the Purpose of making his Assays, and the other Portion shall be locked up, with Two different Locks, in Boxes to be provided for that Purpose, which shall be called the Assayer s Boxes, the one of which shall be the Box for Gold and the other the Box for Silver, and in each of which Boxes there shall be Two Compartments; and the respective Keys of each of such Boxes shall be kept by the Deacon of the said Incorporation, or by the Chairman or Preses of the said Company respectively, and by the Assayer of the said Incorporation or Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, on view of any wrought or manufactured Plate or Ware of Gold or Silver brought to either of the said Assay Offices to be assayed and marked, the Assayer shall suspect that too great a Quantity of base Metal or Solder is contained or concealed in such Plate or Ware, or has been used in or about the Manufacture thereof, or shall discover or suspect that any Fraud or Deceit has been practised or intended in such Manufacture by joining together Metals of different Standards of Fineness in the same Article, it shall be lawful for the said Assayer, in the Presence of any Two or more of the Wardens, whom in that Case he is hereby directed to call in for the Purpose, to break, cat asunder, or otherwise test such Article; and if it shall appear that an undue Quantity of base Metal or Solder is contained or present in any Part thereof, or that the same has been fraudulently or deceitfully manufactured by joining together Metals of different Standards of Fineness, some of such Metals being worse than the Standard with the Marks denoting which such Article shall have been required by the Worker to be marked, such Plate shall be defaced, and the same or the Value thereof, together with the Money paid or left for the Assay and Touch thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Incorporation or Company to whose Assay Office the same shall be brought, to be by them applied towards the Expences of their said Assay Office: Provided always, that if on cutting, breaking; unsoldering, or otherwise testing the Quality or Manufacture of any such Plate under the Authority aforesaid, no unnecessary Solder or other base Metal shall be found therein, and no such Fraud or Deceit shall appear to have been practised in the Manufacture thereof, the Assayer and Wardens so testing the same shall forthwith make Recompence and Satisfaction in Money to the Owner of such Plate to the full Amount of the Damage done thereto, and charge the same to the Account of the Expences of the Assay Office to which such Article shall have been so brought; and in the event of the Owner of such Plate being dis-satisfied with the Judgment of the said Assayer and Wardens, the Matter shall be settled and determined by Two Justices

Drawings to be taken for Assay and Diet.

Assayer may test Plate.

Compensation to be made for Damage.

Disputes to be settled by Two Justices.

318

C. 69.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

Portion of Drawings to be assayed) and if inferior to Standard) Plate to be defaced; if cqualt to be marked.

AssayeT to weigh and sell Drawings from Plate essayed.

tices or Magistrates of the City in which such Assay Office shall be situate, upon Complaint being made to them by the Party alleged to be injured; and such Justices or Magistrates may proceed by Examination of Witnesses on Oath, if necessary, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer; and such Sum as they shall see fit to award as the Amount of Damage shall be recoverable as a Debt due from the said Wardens, Assayer, or other Officer, to the Party so injured as aforesaid *

VII. And be it enacted, That the Portion of the Drawings or Scrapings of each Piece of Gold or Silver Plate or Ware so takes by the Assayer as aforesaid for the Purpose of making his Assays shall be assayed by him, and if the same shall be found to be of a Quality inferior to that Standard with the Marks denoting which the Owner or Owners thereof shall have required the Piece wherefrom such Drawings or Scrapings shall have been taken to be marked, such Piece shall be broken and defaced, and in such defaced State returned to the Owner; and such Pieces as the sakl Assayer shall ascertain to be of equal or superior Fineness to the Standard for denoting which the said Owner or Owners shall have required the same to be marked shall be marked by the Assayer with the Marks hereby directed to be provided in that Behalf, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Plate (he paying for the Assay and marking thereof such Sums as are hereby authorized to be charged and levied for assaying and marking such Plate); and the Drawings or Scrapings belonging to such Piece so marked shall be taken out of the Assayer s Box, and shall be deposited in Boxes to be called the Diet Boxes to be provided for that Purpose, the one of which shall be the Box for Gold and the other the Box for Silver, and in each of which Boxes there shall be Two Compartments in such Part thereof as shall be appropriated to the Standard the Marks of which shall have been stamped on the Piece from which such Drawings or Scrapings shall have been taken, and each of such Diet Boxes shall be locked with Two different Locks, the respective Keys whereof shall be kept by the said Deacon and Chairman or Preses respectively and by the Assayer, and the said Boxes shall not be opened except in the Presence of the said Court of Wardens and the said Assayer, and none of the Scrapings or Drawings shall be taken out of either of such Boxes except for the Purpose of Trial of the Diet annually as herein-after directed; and the other Portion of the said Scrapings or Drawings, or so much thereof as shall remain after the Assay thereof, shall be deposited together in the Assay era Box in the Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and the same shall be disposed of in manner herein-after directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assayer of the said Incorporation or Company respectively shall, in the Presence of the respective Wardens thereof, Four Times in every Year duly weigh all the Drawings and Scrapings deposited in the Assayers Boxes, and enter the true Weight thereof in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and it shall then be lawful for the said Wardens to sell such Drawings and Scrapings; and the Produce of such Sale shall be entered in their Book of Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of their said Assay Office, and shall be applied toward the Expences of such Office.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 69. 319

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Diet Boxes belonging to the said Incorporation and Company respectively shall once in every Year be opened in Presence or the Assayer and Wardens thereof, who shall cause the Diets contained therein, with a Note of the alleged Standards thereof respectively, to be delivered to mch Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them, for the Trial of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and such Person or Persons shall give the Assayer whose Diets are to be tried Notice of the Time md Place appointed for such Trial, in order that he may be jresent thereat if he thinks fit; and if upon such Trial the said Diets shall be found equal or superior to the alleged Standards thereof respectively, then and in such Case such Person or Persons shall return the said Diets to or to the Order of the Wardens of the said Incorporation and Company respectively, who are hereby inthorixed to sell and dispose thereof, and, having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Receipts and Payments of their said Assay Office, to pay and apply such Produce for and towards the Expences of such Assay Office.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on the said Trial the uid Diets or any of them shall be found inferior in Fineness to the alleged Standards thereof respectively, the Assayer belonging to the said Incorporation or Company whose Diets shall be so tried shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Warden and Assayer to be hereafter appointed by the said Incorporation of Goldsmiths of Edinburgh or Glasgow Goldsmiths Company, shall before entering upon their respective Offices take an Oath de fideli administration *, which Oath the Deacon or Clerk of the said Incorporation or Company respectively is hereby required and empowered to administer to the said Wardens and Assayers respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Assayers, Wardens, or other Officers of the said Incorporation and Company respectively shall not discover, by Description in Words or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever any Pattern, Design, or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought or to be brought to their respective Assay Offices to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the same to be viewed or seen by any Person whatsoever except by the Persons necessarily employed or to be employed in their said Assay Offices; and such Assayers respectively shall keep a Book or Books wherein shall be entered the Names of every Owner of Plate brought to be assayed, and the several Species and Standards of Plate assayed, and an Account of the Money received for the assaying thereof, and likewise an Account of the Monies arising from the Drawings and Scrapings of Plate, and the Times when the same shall be sold in manner herein-before directed, and also an Account of the Salaries and Wages of the Officers and Servants, and of the other incidental Expences attending the earning of this Act into execution; and every Member of such incorporation and Company respectively shall have free Access to

Diels to !>c tried annually.

Penalty on Assayer if Diets found inferior to Standards.

Wardens and Assayers to take Oaths before Entry upon Office.

Assayers and Wardens not to discover Patterns of Plate.

Assayers to keep proper Books.

320

Custody of Dies.

Penalty on Assayer for marking Plate not duly assayed.

Incorporation and Company may make Bye Laws for the Regulation of their Assay Offices.

Overplus of Rates to be applied in Prosecution of Offenders.

Rates may be reduced or raised.

Exception as to certain Gold Wares.

C. 69. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and Inspection of such Books; and if any such Warden, Assayer, or other Officer shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, discover any Pattern or Invention as aforesaid, such Warden, Assayer, or other Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Dies, Punches, or marking Instruments of the said Incorporation and Company shall be respectively locked up in a Box, whereof the Key shall be kept by the Assayer of the said Incorporation or Company, to be used by him for the Purpose of marking Plate which shall have been assayed and ascertained to be of the proper Standard; and if such Assayer shall mark or cause to be marked with any Mark or Impression of the said Incorporation or Company any Plate that has not been duly assayed and found of the proper Standard, such Assayer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall also be deprived of his Office, and be for ever afterwards incapable of exercising the Office of Assayer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Incorporation and Company, and each of them, or the major Part of such Incorporation or Company, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to make Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders for the well Government and Management of their respective Assay Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Emoluments of their Officers employed therein, and for prescribing the Time and Manner for receiving and returning Plate brought to be assayed, and for every other Purpose relative to the Conduct and Management of their respective Assay Offices.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the Baid Sums or Rates hereby allowed to the said Incorporation and Company respectively for the assaying and marking of Plate shall in the whole be more than sufficient to defray the Expences of such Assay Offices respectively, the Overplus shall be applied by such Incorporation or Company to which such Assay Office shall belong in the Prosecution of suspected Offenders against this Act; and if such Overplus shall be more than shall be. required for that Purpose, such Incorporation or Company shall. respectively reduce their Rates or Sums hereby authorized to be levied as aforesaid, or such of them as they in their Discretion shall think proper to be reduced, to such Rates or Sums as will answer the Purposes before mentioned without bringing any Profit to such Incorporation or Company: Provided always, that if such reduced Rates shall at any Time be found insufficient for the Purposes before mentioned, the same may be raised again as much as shall be necessary for such Purposes, such Rates however never exceeding the Rates herein-before authorized to be levied; and the said Assayers of the said Incorporation and Company respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and take such reduced or raised Rates or Sums in manner herein-before provided with respect to Rates or Sums which may be originally imposed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to render it necessary that any of the

following

6° & 7P GULIELMI IV. C. 69.

321

following Wares of Gold should be stamped or marked with any of the Marks hereby required; (that is to say,) Rings, Collets for Rings or other Jewels, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, Medals, hollow or raised Buttons, Sleeve Buttons, Thimbles, Coral Sockets isd Bells, Ferrils, Pipe Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, very small Book Clasps, Stock or Garter Clasps jointed, very small Nutmeg Craters, Rims of Snuffboxes whereof the Tops and Bottoms are made of Shell or Stone, Sliding Pencils, Toothpick Cases, Tweezer Cases, Pencil Cases, Needle Cases, any Filigree Work, any Sorts >f Tippings or Swages on Stone or Ivory Cases, any Mounts, Screws, or Stoppers to Stone or Glass Bottles or Phials, any small >r light Ornaments put to Amber or other Eggs of Urns, any wrought Seals, or Seals with Cornelian or other Stones set therein, or any Gold, Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture so richly engraved, carved, or chased, or set with Jewels or other Stones, as not to ftdmit of an Assay to be taken thereof, or a Mark to be struck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, or mch other Things as by reason of the Smallness or Thinness thereof are not capable of receiving the Marks hereby required, or iny of them, and not weighing Ten Pennyweights of Gold each.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to render it necessary that any of the following Wares of Silver should be stamped or marked with any of the Marks hereby required; (that is to say,) Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, any Filigree Work, Shirt Buckles or Brooches, damped Medals, or Spouts to China, Stone, or Earthenware Tear pots, or any of them, of any Weight whatsoever, or Tippings, Swages, ot Mounts, or any of them, not weighing Ten Pennyweights of Silver each, or any Necks or Collars for Castors, Cruets, or Glasses appertaining to any Sort of Stand or Frame, or any Ware of Silver whatsoever, not weighing Five Pennyweights of Silver each, or any Buttons to be affixed or set on any Wearing Apparel, solid Sleeve Buttons, and solid Studs, not having a teselled Edge soldered on, wrought Seals, blank Seals, Bottle Tickets, Shoe Clasps, Patch Boxes, Buckles, or any Pieces to garnish Cabinets of Knife Cases or Tea Chests, or Bridles, or Stands, or Frames.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Worker or Dealer in Plate, or other Person, shall knowingly sell, exchange, or keep or expose for Sale, or export or attempt to export out of Scotland, any Gold or Silver Plate or Ware (except as herein is excepted) made or wrought after the said Fust Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six which shall not respectively be marked with the proper Marks herein-before required to be stamped on the Kind and Standard Quality of which such respective Plate or Ware shall be, every Person so offending shall for each Piece of Gold or Silver Plate so sold, exchanged, or kept or exposed for Sale, or exported or attempted to be exported as aforesaid, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit all such Plate and Ware not duly marked as aforesaid which shall be so eold, exchanged, or exposed or kept for Sale, exported or attempted to be exported, such Penalties and Forfeitures to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

6&7 Gul.IV. Y XIX. And

Exception as to certain Silver Wares.

Penalty for selling or exporting Plate not duly marked.

&22

C. 69.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Forging or imitating Diet or Marks, stamping with forged Dies, Ac., and fraudulently using the lawful Dies, declared Felony.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Die, Punch, or other marking Instrument, or any Put of any Die, Punch, or marking Instrument, used or provided or to be used or provided for striking or impressing any Mark or Impression by this Act directed to be used, or which in pursuance of this Act hath been or shall or may be used, by or under the Direction of the said Incorporation or Company respectively, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or by or under the Direction of any other Person or Persons legally authorized in that Behalf, for the Purpose of stamping or marking Gold or Silver Plate; or if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or imitate, or shall cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or imitated, upon any Gold or Silver Plate, or upon any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal or Mixture of Metals, the Stamp, Mark, or Impression, or any Part of the Stamp, Mark, or Impression, of any such Die, Punch, or other marking Instrument as aforesaid; or if any Person shall stamp or mark, or shall cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal, with any such forged or counterfeit Die, Punch, or marking Instrument, or Part of a Die, Punch, or marking Instrument as aforesaid; or if any Person shall transpose or remove, or shall cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate to any other Piece of Plate either of Gold or Silver, or *to any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal, any Mark or Impression directed to be used or which hath been or shall er may be used as aforesaid; or if any Person shall sell, exchange, or expose for Sale, or shall export er attempt to export out of any Part of Scotland, or shall knowingly and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall tie on the Person accused) have in his Possession any Gold or SOter, Plate, or any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal, having thereupon the Mark or Impression of or from any such forged or counterfeit Die, Punch, or marking Instrument as aforesaid, or having thereupon any such forged or counterfeit Mark or Impression as aforesaid, or any Mark or Impression which shall have been so transposed or removed as aforesaid, knowing the earns respectively to be forged, counterfeit, transposed, or removed; or if any Person shall knowingly and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused) have in his Possession any such forged or counterfeit Die, Punch, or Instrument, or Part of a Die, Punch, or marking Instrument as aforesaid; or if any Person shall cut out of or sever from any Piece of Plate of Gold or Silver any Mark or Impression, or anj Part of any Mark or Impression, made with any such Die, Punclt or marking Instrument as aforesaid, with Intent that such Mark or Impression, or Part of a Mark or Impression, shall or maybe placed upon or joined or affixed to any other Piece of Plate either of Gold or Silver, or to any Ware or Manufacture of base Metalt or if any Person shall place upon or join or affix to any Piece of Plate, either of Gold or Silver, or any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal, any such Mark or Impression, or any Part of any such Mark or Impression, which hath been or shall have beet cut out of or severed from any Piece of Plate of Gold or Silver?

or

A.D. 1m.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

323

C. 69.

or if any Person shall privately or secretly employ or use, or cause or procure to be employed or used, any genuine or lawful Die, Punch, or marking Instrument so used or provided or to be used or provided as aforesaid; then and in every such Case every such Offender, and every Person councilling, aiding, or abetting such Offender, shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereQf, shall be liable, at file Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years, as the Court shall award.

XX. And be it enacted, That upon Information given before any Justice of the Peace upon the Oath of One or more credible Penon or Persons (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) , that there is reasonable or probable Cause to suspect any Person of being or having been engaged or concerned in making any false or counterfeit Die, Punch, or other Instrument, for the Purpose of unlawfully marking any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Ware or Manufacture of base Metal or Mixture of Metals, or of being or having been engaged or concerned in the unlawful stamping or marking of any such Plate, Ware, or Manufacture as aforesaid, or of being or having been unlawfully possessed of any such false or counterfeit Die, Punch, or Instrument as aforesaid, or of any such Plate, Ware, or Manufacture as aforesaid with any counterfeit Mark or Impression thereon, or of being or having been engaged or concerned in fraudulently or unlawfully, or without due Authority, marking or impressing any genuine or lawful Die, Punch, or Instrument on any such Plate, Ware, or Manufacture, or of being or having been unlawfully possessed of any such genuine or lawful Die, Punch, or Instrument, or of being or having been engaged or concerned in the Commission of any other felonious or fraudulent Act or Offence with relation to the assaying and marking of Gold or Silver Plate, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required, on the Application of any Warden or other Officer of the said Incorporation or Company, to grant a Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons named in such Warrant, authorizing or empowering him or them, with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, to enter and search any House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or other Place belonging to such suspected Person, or where such Person shall be suspected of being or having been engaged or concerned in the Commission of any such Offence as aforesaid, or where any such Die, Punch, or Instrument, or Plate, Ware, or Manufacture as aforesaid, shall be or shall be suspected to be, and there to search for, seize, and take away all such Dies, Punches, or Instruments, and all such Plate, Wares, and Manufactures as aforesaid, in order that the same may be given in Evidence against any such Offender; and all Plate, Wares, and Manufactures which shall be lawfully seized as forfeited under any of the Provisions of this Act by any Officer of the said Incorporation or Company, or which shall be lawfully seized under any such Warrant as aforesaid, granted on the Application of any such Officer, shall be forfeited to the Incorporation

Y 2 or

Upon Information on Oath against Persons suspected of felonious Offences, Justices may giant Search Warrants.

Plate, Wares, and Manufactures forfeited, bow to be disposed of.

C. 69.

6° & 7# GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty on striking Letters on base MetaL

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

.or Company to which such Officer shall belong, and shall be disposed of as such Incorporation or Company shall think fit

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Worker or Dealer in wrought Gold or Silver Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal, shall stamp or cause to be stamped any Letter or Letters upon any Article or Thing made of Metal plated or covered with Gold or Silver, or of any Metal or Mixture of Metals made or intended to resemble Gold or Silver, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same before any Two Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction within the County, City, Borough, or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed or where the alleged Offender shall reside, or before the Sheriff of any such County; and it shall be lawful for such Justices or Sheriff to proceed in a summary Way, and to grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained of immediately before them or him, and on Proof by the Confession of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses or other legal Evidence, forthwith to determine and give Judgment in such Complaint; and if on Conviction the Penalties hereby imposed be not immediately paid, the said Justices or Sheriff are hereby empowered to grant Warrant for the Recovery thereof, and of the Expences decreed for, by Poinding and Sale, according to the Law of Scotland; and in case such Penalties shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, and if by the Confession of the Offender, or the Report of a Sheriff's Officer or Constable, it j shall appear that no sufficient Goods or Effects can be found within any Place in the said County known to such Officer or Constable, then it shall be lawful for such Justices or Sheriff, by a Warrant under their or his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County where the Matter of Complaint may arise, or for the nearest Burgh in such County, there to remain without Bail for such Time as such Justices or Sheriff shall direct, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Penalties so paid or recovered shall belong, one Half thereof to the Person or Persons suing for the same, and the other Half thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any such Justices, such Person or Persons may, upon finding Caution to implement such Judgment and to pay such Costs as may be ordered in case the same shall be affirmed, appeal from the Judgment of the said Justices to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County which shall happen not sooner than Ten Days after such Judgment shall have been given; and the Judgment of such Sheriff, and of such Justices in Quarter Sessions, shall be final, and shall

D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 69, 70.

shaD not be subject to Review by Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, or otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Prosecutions or other Proceedings under this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament touching the assaying or marking of wrought or manufactured Plate or Ware of Gold or Silver, or any Fraud in the Manufacture thereof or touching any Duty or Duties granted or to be granted to His Majesty upon such Plate or Ware, or touching any Licence or Licences required to be taken out by Dealers in such Plate or Ware, any and every Member and Freeman of the said Incorporation or Company shall at all Times in or before any Court or Magistrate be considered and received as a competent and credible Witness to be examined and give Evidence upon Oath touching any Felony, Fraud, or other unlawful Act with which any Person or Persons shall or may be charged or accused, notwithstanding any Interest which such Member or Freeman may have or may be considered to have in the Funds of the said Incorporation or Company, or as such Member or Freeman, in the Result of such Prosecution or other Proceeding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect or alter, or be construed to affect or alter, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing an Assay Office in the City of Glasgow, but such Act shall continue in foil Force and Effect, except so far as the same is expressly altered or varied by this Act; and that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner supersede or annul any of the Enactments, Clauses, Powers, Offences, or Penalties created by any Act or Acts now in force whereby any Duty or Duties are or have been granted to His Majesty on wrought or manufactured Plate, or on any Licence or Licences which are or may be required to be taken out by Dealers in such Plate.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Sites for School Rooms.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to promote the Education of

" poor Children in the Principles of true Religion and useful 1 Knowledge, and to afford additional Facilities for the Erection ' of School Rooms to be used for that Purpose Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lady of any Manor, whether seised in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life, or being a Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Feme Covert (with the Consent of her Husband) , or a Minor (with the Consent of his or her Guardian or Guardians) , or an Idiot or Lunatic (by his or her Committee or Committees) , to cdnvey to the Incumbent and Churchwardens of any Parish in

Y 3 which

325

Members of the Incorporation or Company to be competent Witnesses in Prosecutions.

Act not to affect 59 G.S. c-xxviii. or Acts granting Duties on Plate or on Dealers Licences.

[Public Act.]

Lords of Manors may convey any Pact of Commona er Wastes as Sites for Poor Schools.

.326

C. 70.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

All Persons, including those incapacitated by Law, may convey Land for Poor Schools.

Ecclesiastical Bodies, Corporate or Sole, may convey any Portion of their Lands as Sites for Poor Schools, &c.

Provision for School Rooms built before passing of this Act.

which a School for the Education of poor Children is intended to be erected, or to the Trustees of any such School in any Parish or Extra-parochial Place, so much of the Common or Waste Grounds in any such Parish or Extra-parochial Place as smay be required; for the Site of such School, and of a House or Houses for the 1 Master or Mistress of such School; and the Comreyoee of such ' Part of the Common or Waste Grounds by the Lord or Lady of the Manor wherein the same shall be situate shall be a good and ' sufficient Conveyance for the Purpose of vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof in the Parties to whom the same shall be conveyed, for the Purpose herein-before specified, as fully and effectually as if every Person having Right of Common upon such Common or Waste Grounds had joined in and executed such Conveyance.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for aQ Persons being seised in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life, Femes Covert (with the Consent of their Husbands) , Minora (with the Consent of their Guardians) , and Idiots or Lunatics (by their Committees) , to convey any Portion of Land of which they may respectively be seised, including Copyhold Land, if the Lord or Lady of the Manor shall consent thereto, in the same Manner, to the same Persons, and for the same Purpose as herein-before authorized with respect to Common or Waste Ground.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Body Corporate, or Spiritual Person being a Corporation Sole, to convey any Portion of Land belonging to any such Body Corporate, or belonging to any such Spiritual Person in the Capacity of a Corporation Sole in respect of any Ecclesiastical Preferment held by him, to the Incorporated National Society for promoting the Education of the Poor in the Principle of the Established Church, or to the Minister and Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish wherein such Land shall be situate, or to any Trustees to be named by the Bishop of the Diocese, for the Purpose of erecting thereon a School Room or School Rooms to be used for the Education of poor Children in the Principles of the Christian Religion, according to the Doctrines and Discipline of the United Church of England and Ireland, and also, where it may be required, for the Purpose of erecting thereon a House or Houses for the Master and Mistress of such Schools: Provided always, that in case of any Spiritual Person being a Corporation Sole, the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese shall be testified by his being a Party to the Conveyance of such Land; and all Conveyances made by virtue and according to the Provisions of this Act shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Land conveyed thereby in the Parties to whom the same shall be conveyed for the Purpose herein-before specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where before the passing of this Act a School Room or House for a School Master or Mistress shall have been built upon Common or Waste Land of a Manor, the Lord or Lady of which was not enabled by Law to make a valid and effectual Conveyance thereof, or on Land belonging to any Person or Persons or Corporation not

5 enabled

6P & 7° GUL1ELM1 IV.

C. 70, 71.

321

enabled by Law to make a valid and effectual Conveyance thereof such Person or Perons or Corporation shall have, with respect to the Site of such School Room and House, all the Powers which are by this Act given with respect to the Conveyance of Sites upon which School Rooms or Houses are intended to be built, subject in every Case to the Provisions in this Act contained as to the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese to the Conveyance by a Spiritual Person being a Corporation Sole.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances by this Act authorized to be made shall be by Bargain and Sale enrolled, and may be so made either for a valuable Consideration or as a free Gift; and that if any Money shall be paid to a Spiritual Person, being a Corporation Sole, the same shall be applied and disposed of for the Benefit of such Spiritual Person and his Successors, in such Manner as the Bishop in whose Diocese the Land so conveyed shall be situated shall, by Writing under his Hand to be registered in the Registry of his Diocese, direct and appoint.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, Corporation or Corporations, by virtue of this Act to convey any Common or Waste Ground being Part of a Manor, or any other Land or Ground, for the Site of any School and House or Houses for the Master or Mistress thereof, which shall exceed in Quantity One Half of a Statute Acre; and that the Quantity and Value thereof to be conveyed in every Case shall be ascertained immediately previous to such Conveyance by a Land Surveyor, to be appointed, in case the said Land or Ground shall belong to any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Body or Person, by the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Land shall be situated, by an Instrument under his Hand; and that the said Instrument and the Report of the Survey and Valuation by such Surveyor (such Report being verified by the Declaration of the said Surveyor before a Justice of the Peace, and in case the said Land or Ground shall belong to m Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Body or Person, signed by the Bishop in Testimony of his Approbation thereof,) shall be annexed to the Deed of Conveyance.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Walts.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to " Tithes in England and Wales, and to provide the Means for an adequate Compensation for Tithes, and for the Commu-(tation thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to appoint Two fit Persons to be Commissioners to carry this Act into execution, and for the Archbishop of Canterbury, under his Hand and Archiepiscopal Seal, to appoint One fit Person to be a Commissioner to carry this Act into execution, and for the said Archbishop and Secretary of State, at their joint Pleasure, to

Y 4* remove

Conveyances may be made either for a valuable Consideration or ms a free Gift-

Land to be conveyed not to exceed in Quantity Half an Acre.

Appointment of Commissioners.

328

C. 71.

6" & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Style of Commissioners.

To heve Common Se«L

Awards, &c. sealed with such Seal to be Evidence.

Commissioners to report to Se-| cretary of State.

Annual Report to be laid before Parliament.

Power to appoint Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Ac.

limiting the Number of Appointments.

Commissioners not to sit in H.C.

remove any One or more of the Commissioners so appointed; and upon every Vacancy in the Office of Commissioner some other fit Person shall be appointed to the said Office in the same Manner and by the same Authority as the Commissioner whose Vacancy is thereby supplied; and until such Appointment it shall be lawful for the continuing Commissioners or Commissioner to act as if no such Vacancy had occurred.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be styled " The Tithe Commissioners for England and Wales, 1' and shall have their Office in London or Westminster, and they or any Two of them may sit from Time to Time, as they deem expedient, as a Board of Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution; and the said Commissioners shall cause to be made a Seal of the said Board, and shall cause to be sealed or stamped therewith all Agreements and Awards confirmed by the said Commissioner* in pursuance of this Act; and all such Agreements and Awards and other Instruments proceeding from the said Board, or Copies thereof purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the said Board, shall be received in Evidence without any farther Proof thereof; and no Agreement or Award shall be of any Force unless the same shall be sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time give to any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State such Information respecting their Proceedings or any Part thereof as the said Principal Secretary of State shall require, and shall once in every Year send to One of the Principal Secretaries of State a general Report of their Proceedings; and every Year such general Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Receipt of the same by such Principal Secretary of State if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Six Weeks after the next Meeting thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Assistant Commissioners, and also a Secretary and Assistant Secretary, and all such Clerks, Messengers, and Officer* as they shall deem necessary, and to remove such Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, or Assistant Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, or Officers, or any of them, and on any Vacancy in any of the said Offices to appoint some other Person to the vacant Office; and the Persons so appointed shall assist in carrying this Act into execution at such Places and in such Manner as the said Commissioners may direct: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not appoint more than Twelve such Assistant Commissioners to act at any One Time, unless the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall, in the Case of each such Appointment, consent thereto; provided further, that the Number of such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers shall be subject to the like Consent

V. And be it enacted, That no Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner appointed as aforesaid shall during his Continuance is such Office be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

329

VI. And be it enacted, That no Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or other Officer or Person so to be appointed, shall hold his Office for a longer Period than Fire Years next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and after the Expiration of the said Period of Five Years, and of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of this Act as authorizes any such Appointment shall cease.

YU. And be it enacted, That the Salaries of the Commissioners, the Allowance to the Assistant Commissioners, and the Salaries of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers to be appointed under this Act, shall be from Time to Time regulated by the Lord Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them: Provided always, that the Salary of a Commissioner shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds a Year, nor the Allowance to an Assistant Commissioner the Sum of Three Pounds for every Day that he shall be actually employed or travelling in the Performance of the Duties of his Office, nor the Salaries of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds a Year; and that the Salaries of the Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers shall be in fit Proportion: Provided also, that the said Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners may allow to any Commissioner, Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Clerk, Messenger, or other Officer, any such reasonable travelling and other Expences as may have been incurred by him in the Performance of his Duties under this Act, in addition to his Salary or Allowance respectively.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Salaries, Allowances, and travelling and other Expences of the Commissioners, Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers as aforesaid, and ail other incidental Expences of carrying this Act into execution, not herein otherwise provided for, shall be paid by the Lord Treasurer or the Lords Commis-aoners of His Majesty's Treasury out of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Commissioner and Asistant Commissioner shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, take the following Oath before One of the Judges of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer; (that is to say,)

AJB. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to Hie best of my Skill and Judgment, fulfil all the Powers and Duties of a Commissioner [or Assistant Commis- aiouer, as the Case may be, "] under an Act passed in the Year of King William the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the 1 Tide ef this Act]!

And the Appointment of every such Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner, with the Time when and the Name of the Judge or Baron before whom he shall have taken the Oath aforesaid, shall be forthwith published in the London Gazette.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Assistant Commissioner, may, by Summons under their or his Hand, require the Attendance of all such Persons as they or he

may

Duration of Act as to Appointment of Commissioners, &c.

Salaries of and Allowances to Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, and other Officers.

Such Salaries, &c. how to be paid.

Oath of Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners.

Appointment to be published in Gazette.

Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner may summon

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and examine Witnesses.

Communonen may delegate Powers to Assistant Commis-dosen, except the Powers to be exercised under their SeaL

Meaning of the Words "Person, "' " Lands" Tithes, "

* Pariah, "

« Parochial," u Land Owner, *" " TStheOwner," as used in this Act.

13 & 14 Car. 2.

c. 12.

may think fit to examine upon any Matter brought before then or him as herein-after mentioned relating to the Commutation of Tithes, and also make any Inquiries and call for any Answer or Return as to any aoch Matter, and also administer Oaths, and examine all such Persons upon Oath, and cause to be produced betas* them or him upon Oath all Books, Deeds, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, and Writings, Terriers, Maps, Plans, and Surveys, or Copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to any such Matter: Provided always, that ho such Person shall be required, in obedience to any such Summons, to travel more than Ten Miles from the Place of his Abode, or to produce any Deeds, Papers, or Writings relating to the Title of any Lands or Tithes.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may delegate to their Assistant Commissioners, or to any One or more of them, such of the Powers hereby given to the said Commissioners as the said Commissioners shall think fit, (except the Power to confirm Agreements and Awards, or to frame Forms of Agreements and other Instruments, as herein-after provided, or to do any Act herein required to be done under the Seal of the said Commissioners,) and the Powers so delegated shall be exercised under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Commissioners may at any Time recall or alter all or any of the Powers delegated as aforesaid, and, notwithstanding the Delegation thereof, may act as if no such Delegation bad been made; and all Acts done by any such Assistant Commissioner in pursuance of such delegated Powers shall be obeyed by all Persons as if they had proceeded from the said Commissioners, and the Nonobservance thereof shall be punishable in like Manner.

XII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction and for the Purposes of this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " Person" shall mean and include the King's Majesty, and any Body Corporate, Aggregate, or Sole, as well as an Individual; and any Word importing the Singular Number only shall mean and include several Persons or Parties as well as one Person or Party, and several Things as well as one Thing respectively, and the convene; and any Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall mean and include a Female as well as a Male; and the Word " Lands" shall mean and include all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the Word " Tithes" shall mean and include afi uncommuted Tithes, Portions and Parcels of Tithes, and all Moduses, Compositions Real, and Prescriptive and Customary Payments; and the Word " Parish " and " Parochial ° shall mean and include and extend to every Parish and every Extra-parochial Place, and every Township or Village, within which Overseers of the Poor are separately appointed under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for ike better Belief of the Poor of this Kingdom^ and every District of which the Tithes are payable under a separate Impropriation or Appropriation, or in a separate Portion or Parcel, or which the Commissioners shall by any Order direct to be considered ss a separate District for the Commutation of Tithes; and the Words " Land Owner " or " Tithe Owner " or " Owner of Lands" or

" Owner

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

331

"Owner of Tithes" shall mean and include every' Person who shall be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of any Lands or Tithes, (except any Tenant for Life or Lives, or for Yean, holding under a Lease or Agreement for a Lease on which a Rent of not less than Two Thirds of the clear yearly Value of the Premises comprised therein shall have been reserved, and except any Tenant for Years whatsoever holding under a Lease or Agreement for a Lease for a Term which shall not have awedsd Fsartwa Yean from the Commencement thereof,) and that without rqprd le to teal Aanaaatwfiartanat of andiPasaaB; and in every Case in which any Tithes or Lands shall have been leased or agreed to be leased to any Person for Life or Lives, or for Yean, by any Lease or Agreement for a Lease on which a Rent 1less than Two Thirds of the clear yearly Value of the Premises comprised therein shall have been reserved, and of which the Term shall have exceeded Fourteen Years from the Commencement thereof, the Person who shall for the Time being be in the actual Receipt of the Rent reserved upon such Lease or Agreement for a Lease shall, jointly with the Person who shall be liable to the Payment of such Rent of such Tithes or Lands, be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be the Owner of such Tithes or Lands; and in every Case in which any Person shall be in Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of any Tithes or Lands under any Sequestration, Extent, Elegit, or other Writ of Execution, or as a Receiver under any Order of a Court of Equity, the Person against whom such Writ shall have issued, or who but for such Order would have been in Possession, shall, jointly with the Person in Possession by virtue of such Writ or Older, be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be the Owner of mh Tithes or Lands.

XIII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Ownership of any Lands or Tithes to which the Provisions of this Act are intended to apply shall be vested in His Majesty, the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, or in case such Lands or Tithes shall be vested in His Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Officers of the Duchy of Cornwall entitled to grant Leases of Lands Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall for the Purposes of this Act be substituted instead of the Owner of such Lands or Tithes rrcpectirely; and whenever the Patronage of any Benefice to which the Provisions of this Act are intended to apply shall be vested in His Majesty, the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being where the Value of such Benefice is above the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the Kings Books, and where such Value is of or below the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the King's Books the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or First Lord Commissioner of the Great Seal for the Tune being, shall for the Purposes of this Act be substituted instead of the Patron: Provided nevertheless, that if such Patronage is vested in His Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor for the Time being of such Duchy shall for the Purposes of this Act be substituted instead of the Patron.

Wo

(t

rfierfi Fame be deemed j^in/K>wner,

1 '

* »>/ '

» 1 When the Ownership of Lands or Tith or Patronage vested in the Crown, who shall bedeemc the Owner or Patron.

XC '

- /*' M

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

When the flame Person is Owner of Lands and Tithes, he may be dealt with in both Characters.

In case the Patron or Owner is under legal Disability, who to act.

Acts may be done by Agents duly authorised.

Power of Attorney.

Parochial Meetings may be called, at which Owners of Two Thirds in Value may agree on the Sum to be paid to the Tithe Owners, which Agreement shall

XIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person shall be af the same Time Owner of any Lands and Owner of any Tithes comprised within any Agreement to be executed pursuant to th< Provisions of this Act, or besides being Owner of any Lands or oi any Tithes shall also be Patron of the Benefice to which tlx Tithes in question may belong, such Person, in relation to sod Agreement, may act and be dealt with in each of the seven, Characters so borne by him as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever the Patron of any Benefice or the Owner of any Lands or Tithes to which the Provisions of this Act are intended to apply, or any Person interested in an) Question as to any Tithes, shall be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, Ferni Covert, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, thf Guardian, Trustee, Committee of the Estate, Husband, or Attorney respectively, or in default thereof such Person as may be nominated for that Purpose by the Commissioners after due Inquiry shall have been made by them as to the Fitness of such Person, and whom they are hereby empowered to nominate under their Hands and Seal, shall for the Purposes of this Act be substituted in the Place of such Patron, Owner, or Person so interested.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Land Owner, or Tithe Owner, by a Power of Attorney given in Writing under his Hand, to appoint an Agent to act for him in carrying into execution the Provisions of this Act; and all Things which by this Act are directed to be done by or with relation to any Person may be lawfully done by or with relation to the Agent so duly authorized of such Person; and every such Agent shall have full Power, in the Name and on behalf of his Principal, to concur in and execute any Agreement, and to vote on any Question arising out of the Execution of this Act; and every Person shah be bound by the Acts of any such Agent, according to the Authority committed to him, as fully as if the Principal of such Agent had so acted; and the Power of Attorney under which the Agent shall have acted, or a Copy thereof authenticated by the Signature of Two credible Witnesses, shall be appended to every Agreement executed by any such Agent, and shall be sent with it to the Office of the Commissioners as herein-after provided; and any such Power of Attorney may be in the Form following:

I A.B. of [4*c.] do hereby appoint C.D. of [#<?.] to be my ' x lawful Attorney to act for me in all respects as if I myself

were present and acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His present Majesty, intituled

[here insert the Title of this Act].

(Signed) ' A*B2

XVII. And be it enacted, That any One or more of the Land Owners or Tithe Owners, whose Interest respectively shall not be less than One Fourth Part of the whole Value of the Lands subject to Tithes, or One Fourth Part of the whole Value of the Tithes of any Parish in England or Wales, may call a 'Parochial Meeting of Land Owners and Tithe Owners within the Limits of the Parish, by Notice thereof in Writing under his or their Hand, to be affixed at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting on the principal outer Door of the Church, or in some public and conspicuous

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

spicuous Place within the Limits of the Parish, and to be twice at least during such Twenty-one Days inserted in some Newspaper generally circulated within the County in which such Parish is situated, for the Purpose of making an Agreement for the general Commutation of Tithes within the Limits of such Parish; and every Land Owner and Tithe Owner attending such Meeting shall bear his own Expences of Attendance; and the Land Owners and Tithe Owners who shall be present at any such Meeting called as aforesaid, and whose Interest in the Lands and Tithes of the Parish respectively shall not be less than Two Thirds of the Lands subject to Tithes, Two Thirds of the Great Tithes and Two Thirds of the Small Tithes of the Parish, may proceed to make and execute a Parochial Agreement for the Payment of an annual Sum by way of Rent-charge, variable as herein after provided, instead of the Great and Small Tithes of the Parish collectively, or instead of the Great Tithes and Small Tithes severally, to the respective Owners thereof in the said Parish; and every Agreement so made and executed, and confirmed in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be binding on all Persons interested in the Tithes or Lands subject to Tithes of the said Parish.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Majority of such Land Owners and Tithe Owners present at every such Meeting shall elect a Chairman, who shall forthwith proceed to ascertain the Interest of the Land Owners and Tithe Owners then present in Person or by their Agents; and in case it shall thereupon appear that the Persons present at such Meeting have not a sufficient Interest in the Premises as aforesaid to make and execute such an Agreement which shall be binding on all Persons interested therein, it shall be lawful notwithstanding for any Number of the Persons then present to make and execute a provisional Agreement for the Commutation of Tithes of the like Form and Tenor; and every such provisional Agreement which shall be executed within Six Calendar Months from the Day of the first making thereof by the Land Owners and Tithe Owners whose Interest in the Lands and Tithes of the Parish shall not be less than Two Thirds of the Lands subject to Tithes, Two Thirds of the Great Tithes and Two Thirds of the Small Tithes of the Parish respectively, shall be as binding as if executed by all the Parties thereto at the Meeting at which the Agreement was first made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the proportional Interest of the Owners of such Lands or Tithes, so far as relates to their Power to make any such Agreement or provisional Agreement, or to give any Notice to the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners as herein-after provided, shall be estimated according to the proportional Sum at which such Lands or Tithes shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor, or, if there shall be no such Rate, according to the Rules by which Property of the same Kind is by Law rateable to the Relief of the Poor.

XX. And be it enacted, That in case an Adjournment of the said Meeting for any Cause shall be desired by a Majority of the Persons attending such Meeting, the Chairman shall adjourn the Meeting to any Time and Place then by him to be declared, and so from Time to Time in case the same shall be in like Manner

desired

bind the whole Parish.

Provisional Agreements may be made at the Parochial Meetings.

Proportional Interest in Lands and Tithes how to be estimated for the Purposes of this Act.

Meeting may be adjourned.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

334

Form of Parochial Agreement.

Commissioners to frame and circulate Forms of Agreement^ Ac.

Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner may attend to

C. 7I.

desired by a Majority of the Persons attending such Meeting; and Notice of every adjourned Meeting shall be given under the Hand! of the Chairman, and shall be affixed in a conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Building in which such Meeting or the last Adjournment thereof shall have been holden; and the like Order of proceeding shall be observed at any such adjourned Meeting, and every thing done at any such adjourned Meeting shall be as valid as if done at the original Meeting.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Agreement shall bear Date on the Day on which the first Signature is attached thereto, and every such Agreement or some Schedule thereunto annexed shall set forth all the Lands of the said Parish which are subject to the Payment of any Kind of Tithes, and also the true or estimated Quantity in Statute Measure of Land subject to Tithes within the Parish which shall be then cultivated as Arable, Meadow, or! Pasture Land, or as Wood Land, Common Land, or howsoever otherwise, and shall also set forth whether any Modus or Composition Real, or Prescriptive or Customary Payment, shall be payable instead of all or any of the Tithes of the said Parish, and which Lands or Tithes respectively are covered thereby, and shall also set forth which of the said Tithes, Moduses, Compositions, or Payments are payable to the Tithe Owner, or if there is more than One Tithe Owner to each of the several Tithe Owners in the said Parish, distinguishing in what Right every such Tithe Owner is entitled to such Tithes, and shall also set forth whether any and which of the Lands of the said Parish are or have been under any and what Circumstances exempt from the Payment of any and what Tithes; and such Agreement shall also state in Wolds at Length the Amount of the Sum or Sums agreed to be paid (subject to Variation as herein-after provided) instead of the Tithes of the Lands comprised in the said Agreement, and instead of all Moduses and Compositions Real, Prescriptive and Customary Payments (if any) , payable in respect of such Lands, or the Produce of such Lands or any of them, distinguishing, if there is more than One Tithe Owner, the Sum payable to every such Tithe Owner, and where the Tithes of different Lands in the same Parish are payable to different Tithe Owners, or to the same Tithe Owner in different Rights, distinguishing the Sum payable in respect of such different Lands; and every such Agreement shall also state all such other Particulars as the Commissioners shall by any Order from Time to Time require to be inserted in such Agreements.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall frame and cause to be printed, as soon as conveniently may be after their Appointment, Forms of Notices and Agreements and such other Instruments as in their Judgment will further the Purposes of this Act, and supply all or any of such Forms to the Churchwardens and Overseers of any Parish who may require the same, or to whom the Commissioners may think fit to send the same, for the Use of any Land Owner or Tithe Owner desirous of putting this Act in execution.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Commissioner, or Assistant Commissioner, if the Commissioners shall think fit, may attend any such Meeting for the Purpose of taking part in the Discussion and advising on the Terms of Agreement; but no Commissioner

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

335

C.T1;

missioner or Assistant Commissioner, during the Time that he is actually attending such Meeting for that Purpose, shall have any of the Powers herein given to the Commissioners in case of an Award or Apportionment by the Commissioners as herein-after provided.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Suit shall be pending touching the Right to any Tithes, or if there shall be any Question as to the Existence of any Modus or Composition Real or Prescriptive or Customary Payment, or any Claim of Exemption from or Non-liability to Tithes, under any Circumstances, in respect of any Lands or any Kind of Produce, or touching the Situation or Boundary of any Lands, or if any Difference shall arise whereby the making and executing of any such Agreement shall he hindered, it shall be lawful for the Owners, or, if there shall be do Owner actually in Possession, for the Persons claiming to be the Owners of the Lands and Tithes respectively, being Parties to such Suit or Difference, to submit the same to Reference by any Writing under their respective Hands, containing an Agreement that such Submission shall be made a Rule of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, upon such Terms of Reference as the Parties may agree upon; and the Decision of the Arbitrator or Arbitrators named in the said Reference shall for the Purposes of this Act be final and conclusive on all Persons: Provided nevertheless, that no Person being Owner of an Estate in Land or Tithes, less in the whole than an immediate Estate of Fee Simple or Fee Tail, shall be empowered to submit to any such Reference so as to bind any Person in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, without the Consent of the Commissioners; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they shall think fit so to do, but not otherwise necessary, to direct that any Person in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy of an Estate of Inheritance in the said Lands or Tithes, or any other Person whom they shall deem to be interested therein, shall be made a Party to such Reference.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Agreement for the Commutation for a Rent-charge of the Tithes of any Lands which shall be pending at the Time of the passing of this Act, and which shall be executed before or within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act by the Land Owners and Tithe Owners, or Persons claiming to be such Owners, whose Interest in the said Lands and Tithes shall not be less than Two Thirds of the said Lands, Two Thirds of the Great Tithes and Two Thirds of the Small Tithes of the said Lands, and which shall be confirmed by the Commissioners, under their Hands and Seal, in the Manner herein-after provided for the Confirmation of any Parochial Agreement, shall be as valid, and the Rent-charge agreed to be paid by any such Agreement shall be apportioned and charged, at herein-after provided, among and upon the said Lands, as if the Agreement had been made and executed at a Parochial Meeting.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Case m which any Tithes shall belong to any Ecclesiastical Person in light of any Spiritual Dignity or Benefice, no Agreement for the Commutation of such Tidies made and executed under this Act shall

advise Terms of Agreement.

Suits and Differences may be referred to Arbitration.

Agreements pending at the Time of the passing of this Act, if completed and confirmed by the Commissioners, te be as valid as Parochial Agreements.

Consent of Patron to be given to every Agreement for Commutation

S86

6° &7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

of Ecclesiastical Tithe.

Agreement to be confirmed by the Commissioners.

Agreement to be communicated to Bishop of the Diocese previous to its being confirmed.

Land, not exceeding 20 Acres, may be given as Commutation for Tithes, Ac.

c.n.

shall be deemed to be executed by the Owner of such Tithes unless such Consent thereto be given as is herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) in the Case of an Archbishop or Bishop, the Consent of the Crown signified by the Lord High Treasurer or! First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury; and in case of the! Incumbent of any other Benefice or Ecclesiastical Dignity, the Consent of the Patron or Person entitled to present to such; Benefice or Dignity in case the same were then vacant; and every such Consent shall be given under the Hand of the Person giving I the same, and shall be annexed to the Agreement, and fakpn to! be Part of the Execution thereof. j

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every such Agreement, as soon | as may be after it shall have been executed by a sufficient Number of Land Owners and Tithe Owners whose Interest in the Lands and Tithes of the Parish respectively shall not be less than Two Thirds of the Lands subject to Tithes, Two Thirds of the Great Tithes and Two Thirds of the Small Tithes, shall be sent by the Chairman of the Meeting, or by the Person in whose Custody it shall then be, to the Office of the Commissioners, and the Commissioners, by themselves, or by some Assistant Commissioner, shall cause Inquiry to be made and shall require such Proof as will be satisfactory to them, whether or not the Agreement has been made without Fraud or Collusion, and whether or not it ought to be confirmed; and if they shall be satisfied that it ought to be confirmed, the Commissioners shall confirm the Agreement under their Hands and Seal, and shall add to such Agreement the Date of the Confirmation, and shall publish the Fact of such Confirmation and the Date thereof within the Parish in such Manner as to them shall seem fit; and every such confirmed Agreement shall be binding on all Persons interested in the said Lands or Tithes.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before the Commissioners shall confirm any such Agreement relating to Tithes; belonging to any Ecclesiastical Person in right of any Spiritual Dignity or Benefice, they shall communicate the same to the | Bishop of the Diocese for his Observations and Opinion; and no j such Agreement shall be confirmed by such Commissioners until Four Weeks shall have elapsed from the Date of the Transmission of such Agreement to such Bishop, unless the said Bishop shall, sooner signify his Approbation of such Agreement to the said Commissioners.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That any such Parochial Agreement may be made in Manner and Form aforesaid for giving to any Ecclesiastical Owner, in right of any Spiritual Benefice or Dignity, of any Tithes or of any Rent-charge for which such Tithes have been commuted, any Quantity not exceeding in the whole Twenty Imperial Acres of Land by way of Commutation for the Whole or an equivalent Part of the Great or Small Tithes of the Parish, or in discharge of or exchange for the Whole or an equivalent Part of any Rent-charge agreed to be paid instead of such Tithes, but subject in every Case to the Provisions hereinafter contained; and every such Agreement shall be made in such Form and contain such Particulars as the Commissioners shall in that Behalf direct, specifying the Land whereof the Tithes or

Bent-

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 7I.

337

Rent-charge for which such Tithes shall have been commuted shall be the Subject of such Agreement, and giving full and sufficient Descriptions of the Quantity, State of Culture, and annual Value of the Land proposed to be given in exchange for such Tithes or Rent-charge: Provided always, that the same Consent and Confirmation shall be necessary to any such Agreement as in the Case of an Agreement for a Rent-charge; and that in case the said Agreement shall not extend to the Whole of the Tithes of the Parish, an Agreement or Award as herein-after provided may and shall be made for the Payment of a Rent-charge in satisfaction of the Residue of the said Tithes; and such Rent-charge when agreed upon or awarded, or the Residue thereof, shall be apportioned in manner herein-after provided upon all the Lands of the Parish subject to the Payment of Tithes, unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties to the said Parochial Agreement, except the Land so given by way of Commutation, in like Manner as if no Agreement for giving Land had been made: Provided also, that the Land so given shall be free from Incumbrances, except Leases at improved Rent, Land Tax, or other usual Outgoings, and shall not be of Leasehold Tenure, nor of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, subject to arbitrary Fine or the Render of Heriots.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any such Agreement for giving Land shall be so entered into, the Commissioners shall satisfy themselves, in such Way and by such Evidence as they shall see fit, of the Title to the Land proposed thereby to be given in exchange for such Tithes or Rent-charge, and that the same are of the Description and Value set forth in such Agreement, and that such Agreement is conformable in every respect to the Provisions herein-before contained respecting the same; and the Expence attending every such Agreement for giving Land, and the Confirmation thereof, and of investigating the Title to the Land, shall be borne by the Owners of Land liable to the Payment of Tithes within the Parish in such Proportions as they may agree, or, in default of Agreement, as the Commissioners may direct.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That such Agreement for giving Land, confirmed by the said Commissioners, shall operate as a Conveyance of such Land to the Owner of such Tithes or Rent-charge, and the Land so conveyed shall thereupon vest in and be and be deemed to be holden by such Person or Persons, and upon the like Uses and Trusts in every respect as the Tithes or Rent-charge in commutation or exchange for which the same shall have been given shall be vested and holden; and for the Purpose of making and completing any such Agreement the Provisions of this Act respecting Persons under legal Disability shall apply to every Person Party to such Agreement or in whom any such Land shall be vested, and whose Concurrence or Consent may be necessary to the perfecting thereof, or of the Title to such Land, as fully as if the same had been here repeated and re-enacted.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That at the said Meeting or at some Adjournment thereof, or at some other Parochial Meeting to be called in Hke Manner, either before or after the Confirmation of the Agreement, the Owners of Lands subject to Tithes in the

6 & 7 Gul. IV. Z ' said

Commissioners to satisfy themselves of the Title of such Land, &c.

Agreements for giving Land to operate as Conveyances.

Appointment of Valuers.

338

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Valuers to apportion the Rent-charge.

Valuers may enter on Lands for the Purpose of valuing Tithes.

Old Flans and Surveys may be used if the said Parish, or their Agents, present at the Meeting, may appoint a Valuer or Valuers; and in case the Majority in respect of Number and the Majority in respect of Interest shall not agree upon the Appointment, then they shall appoint Two or such other even Number of Valuers as shall be then agreed on by such Land Owners, Half of such Number to be chosen by a Majority in respect of Number, and the other Half by a Majority in respect of Interest, of such Land Owners then present

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as may be after the choosing of such Valuer or Valuers, and after the Confirmation of the said Agreement, the Valuer or Valuers so chosen shall apportion the total Sum agreed to be paid by way of Rent-charge instead of Tithes, and the Expences of the Apportionment, amongst the several Lands in the said Parish, according to such Principles of Apportionment as shall be agreed upon at the Meeting at which the Valuer or Valuers shall be chosen, or if no Principles shall be then agreed upon for the Guidance of the Valuer or Valuers, then, having regard to the average titheable Produce and productive Quality of the Lands, according to his or their Discretion and Judgment, but subject in each Case to the Provisions hereinafter contained, and so that in each Case the several Lands shall have the full Benefit of every Modus and Composition Real Prescriptive and Customary Payment, and of every Exemption from or Non-liability to Tithes relating to the said Lands respectively, and having regard to the several Tithes to which the said Lands are severally liable; provided that it shall be lawful for the said Valuers, when an even Number is chosen, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint an Umpire before they proceed upon the Business of such Apportionment, and the Decision of the Umpire on the Questions in difference between the Valuers shall be binding on them, and shall be adopted by them in the Apportionment

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Valuers and Umpire (if it shall become necessary for him to act) , and their Agent* or Servants, at all reasonable Times, may enter upon any of the Lands to be included in the Apportionment, and make an Admeasurement Plan, and Valuation of the same, without being subject to any Action or Molestation for so doing: Provided always, that no Valuer or Umpire shall be capable of acting until he shall have made and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or some Assistant Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, a solemn Declaration to the same Purport and Effect as the Oath hereinbefore directed to be made by the said Commissioners, substituting only the proper Description of such Person instead of the Word Commissioner, and adding to his Signature the usual Place of his Residence, which Declaration it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Assistant Commissioner or Justice, to administer; and every such Declaration so made and subscribed shall be countersigned by the Person before whom the same shall have been made, and shall be sent by him to the Office of the Commissioners.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Valuer or Valuers or Umpire may, if they think fit, use for the Purposes of this Act any Admeasurement, Plan, or Valuation previously made of the

Lands

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

339

Lands or Tithes in question of the Accuracy of which they shall be satisfied; and that it shall be lawful for the Meeting at which such Valuer or Valuers shall be chosen to agree upon the Adoption for the Purposes aforesaid of any such Admeasurement, Plan, or Valuation, and such Agreement shall be binding upon the Valuer or Valuers; provided always, that Three Fourths of the Land Owners in Number and Value shall concur therein.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight the Commissioners shall proceed in manner herein-after mentioned, at such Time and in such Order as to them shall seem fit, either by themselves or by some Assistant Commissioner, to ascertain and award the total Sum to be paid by way of Rent-charge instead of the Tithes of every Parish in England and Wales in which no such Agreement binding upon the whole Parish as aforesaid shall have been made and confirmed as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that if any Proceeding shall be had towards making and executing any such Agreement after the Commissioners shall have given or caused to be given Notice of their Intention to act as aforesaid in such Parish, the Commissioners may refrain from acting upon such Notice, if they shall think fit, until the Result of such Proceeding shall appear.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the Commissioners shall intend making such Award, Notice thereof shall be given in such Manner as to them shall seem fit; and after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after such Notice shall have been given the Commissioners or some Assistant Commissioner shall, except in the Cases for which Provision is herein-after made, proceed to ascertain the clear Average Value (after making all just Deductions on account of the Expences of collecting, preparing for Sale, and marketing, where such Tithes have been taken in Kind,) of the Tithes of the said Parish, according to the Average of Seven Years preceding Christmas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five: Provided that if daring the said Period of Seven Years, or any Part thereof, the said Tithes or any Part thereof shall have been compounded for or demised to the Owner or Occupier of any of the said Lands in consideration of any Rent or Payment instead of Tithes, the Amount of such Composition or Rent or Sum agreed to be paid instead of Tithes shall be taken as the clear Value of the Tithes included in such Composition, Demise, or Agreement during the Time for which the same shall have been made; and the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall award the average annual Value of the said Seven Years so ascertained as the Sum to be taken for calculating the Rent-charge to be paid as a permanent Commutation of the said Tithes: Provided also, that whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners that the Party entitled to any such Rent or Composition shall in any One or more of the said Seven Years have allowed and made any Abatement from the Amount of such Rent or Composition on the ground of the same having in any such Year or Years, been higher than the Sum fairly payable by way of Composition for the Tithe, but not otherwise, then and in every such Case such diminished Amount, after making such Abatement as aforesaid, shall be

Z 2 deemed

Valuers think proper.

After 1st Oct. 1838, Commissioners may ascertain total Value of Tithes in any Parish in which no previous Agreement has been made.

Value of Tithes to be calculated upon an Average of Seven Years.

Tithes to be valued without Deduction on account of Parochial and County Rates, &c.

340

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners in certain Cases may increase or diminish the Sum to be paid for Commutation.

Special Adjudications how to be made.

deemed and taken to have been the Sum agreed to be paid for any such Year or Years: Provided also, that in estimating the Value of the said Tithes the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall estimate the same without making any Deduction therefrom on account of any Parliamentary, Parochial, County, and other Rates, Charges, and Assessments to which the said Tithes are liable; and whenever the said Tithes shall have been demised or compounded for on the Principle of the Rent or Composition being paid free from all such Rates, Charges, and Assessments, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall have regard to that Circumstance, and shall make such an Addition on account thereof as shall be an Equivalent.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case Notice in Writing under the Hand of any Patron, or the Hands of any Land Owners or Tithe Owners whose Interest in the Lands or Tithes of the Parish shall not be less than One Half of the Lands subject to Tithes, One Half of the Great Tithes or One Half of the Small Tithes of the Parish, shall be given to the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner acting in that Behalf, within One Calendar Month next after the Notice of the Intention to make an Award shall have been given as aforesaid, that the Average Value to be ascertained as aforesaid will not fairly represent the Sum which ought to be taken for calculating a permanent Commutation of the Great or Small Tithes of the said Parish, the Commissioners shall have Power to diminish or increase the Sum to be so taken by a Sum amounting to not more than One Fifth Part of the Average Value ascertained as aforesaid: Provided always, that every Case which shall appear to the Commissioners to be fraudulent or collusive, or which, by reason of the Length of Time which shall have elapsed since the making of any Composition then in force, or which by reason of the peculiar Interest in the Lands or Tithes of either of the Parties to any Composition, or by reason of any other special Circumstances, ought in the Judgment of the Commissioners to be separately adjudicated upon, shall be reserved for separate Adjudication as herein-after provided; and the Commissioners shall certify and report to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under their Hands and Seals, before the First Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, in what Manner the Discretion hereby vested in them ought in their Judgment to be exercised, and shall in the said Report lay down such Rules for the Guidance of the Assistant Commissioners as may to them seem expedient; and such Report shall be laid before Parliament within Six Weeks after the same shall have been received or after the Meeting of Parliament, and, unless Parliament shall otherwise provide, such Rules shall be observed by the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners in the Exercise of the Discretion hereby vested in the Commissioners.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time report to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under their Hands and Seals, all the Cases which under the Power herein-before reserved to them in that Behalf shall have been reserved for separate Adjudication, and shall

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

841

shall state in every such Report the Reasons for so reserving every Case mentioned therein, and the Commissioners shall in every such Case award the Rent-charge to be paid as a permanent Commutation for Tithes, having regard to the Average Rate which shall be awarded in respect of Lands of the like Description and similarly situated in the neighbouring Parishes; provided always, that a Draught of such intended Award, with a Copy of so much of the said Report as is applicable to such Award, shall be deposited in the Parish; and the Commissioners, or an Assistant Commissioner to be specially appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, shall hear and determine all Objections to the Award in the like Manner as is herein provided in an ordinary Case of Award, and the Commissioners shall have Power thereupon to amend the Draught of the said Award accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Lands in the Parish shall be Hop Grounds, Orchards, or Gardens, and Notice shall be given by the Owner thereof to the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner acting in that Behalf that the Tithes thereof should be separately valued, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall estimate the Value of the Tithes thereof according to the Average Rate of Composition for the Tithes of Hops, Fruit, and Garden Produce respectively during Seven Years preceding Christmas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, within a District to be assigned in each Case by the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner, and estimating the same as chargeable to all Parliamentary, Parochial, County, and other Rates, Charges, and Assessments to which the said Tithes are liable, and shall add the Value so estimated to the Value of the other Tithes of the Parish ascertained as aforesaid.

XLL. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Lands in the Parish shall be Coppices, and Notice shall be given by the Owner thereof, or by the Owner of the Tithes thereof, to the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner acting in that Behalf that the Tithes thereof should be separately valued, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall estimate the Value of the Tithes thereof with a due Regard to the Average Value, estimated according to the best of their Judgment, of Coppice Wood of the same Kind cut during the said Period of Seven Years in that Parish and the neighbouring Parishes, estimating the same as chargeable to all Parliamentary, Parochial, County, and other Rates, Charges, and Assessments to which the said Tithes are liable, and shall add the clear Value of the Tithes so estimated to the Value of the other Tithes of the Parish ascertained as aforesaid; and the Commissioners shall, in the Report which they are herein-before required to make to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State before the First Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, lay down Rules for the Guidance of the Assistant Commissioners in estimating the Value of the Tithes of Coppice Wood, and, unless Parliament shall otherwise provide, such Rules shall be observed by the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Amount which shall be charged by any such Apportionment as herein-after provided

Z 3 upon

How the Tithe of Hops, Fruit, and Garden Produce is to be valued.

How the Tithe of Coppice] Wood is to be valued.

Provision for the Change of Culture of Hop

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

42

rounds and [arket G ar-

UlS.

Provision for raluing Tithes if I^antls to rhich the Ave-age of Seven ears cannot ipply.

upon any Hop Grounds or Market Gardens in any District so to be assigned shall be distinguished into Two Parts, which shall be called the Ordinary Charge and the Extraordinary Charge, and the Extraordinary Charge shall be a Rate per Imperial Acre, and so in proportion for less Quantities of Ground, according to the Discretion of the Valuers or Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner by whom the Apportionment shall be made as aforesaid; and all Lands whereof the Tithes shall have been commuted under this Act, and which shall cease to be cultivated as Hop Grounds or Market Gardens at any Time after such Commutation, shall be charged after the Thirty-first Day of December next following such Change of Cultivation only with the Ordinary Charge upon such Lands; and all Lands in any such District the Tithes whereof shall have been commuted under this Act, and which shall be newly cultivated as Hop Grounds or Market Gardens at any Time after such Commutation, shall be charged with an additional Amount of Rent-charge per Imperial Acre, equal to the Extraordinary Charge per Acre upon Hop Grounds or Market Gardens respectively in that District; provided always, that no such additional Amount shall be charged or payable during the First Year, and Half only of such additional Amount during the Second Year, of such new Cultivation; and an additional Rent-charge by way of Extraordinary Charge upon Hop Grounds and Market GardensT newly cultivated as such, beyond the Limits of every District in which any Extraordinary Charge for Hop Grounds or Market Gardens respectively shall have been distinguished as aforesaid at the Time of the Commutation, shall be charged by the Commissioners at the Time of such new Cultivation, upon the Request of any Person interested therein, if such new Cultivation shall have taken place during the Continuance of the Commission of the said Commissioners, and after the Expiration of the Commission shall be charged in such Manner and by such Authority as Parliament shall direct, and shall be payable and recoverable in like Manner and subject to the same Incidents in all respects as an Extraordinary Charge charged upon any Hop Grounds or Market Gardens at the Time of Commutation.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Lands in the Parish shall, during any Part of the said Period of Seven Years preceding Christmas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, have been exempted from Payment of Tithes by reason of having been inclosed under any Act of Parliament or converted from Barren Heath or Waste Ground, or by reason of being Glebe Lands or of having been heretofore Parcel of the Possessions of any privileged Order, and Notice shall have been given as last aforesaid to the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner acting in that Behalf that the Tithes thereof should be separately valued, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall estimate the Value of the Tithes thereof according to the Average Value which shall be ascertained as aforesaid in respect of Lands of the like Description and Quality in that Parish and the neighbouring Parishes, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of each Case may in their Judgment require, and estimating the same as chargeable to all Parliamentary, Parochial, County, and other Rates, Charges,

and '

A.D. 1833.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

343

ind Assessments to which the said Tithes are liable, and shall add he Value so estimated to the Value of the other Tithes of the Parish ascertained as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any Modus or Composition leal, or Prescriptive or Customary Payment, shall be payable ostead of the Tithes of any of the Lands or Produce thereof in he said Parish, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall n such Case estimate the Amount of such Modus, Composition, >r Payment as the Value of the Tithes payable in respect of such -ands or Produce respectively, and shall add the Amount thereof o the Value of the other Tithes of the Parish ascertained as aforesaid, and shall also make due Allowance for all Exemptions rom or Non-liability to Tithes of any Lands or any Part of the Produce of such Lands: Provided also, that if it shall appear to he said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner that any Ques-:ion concerning any Modus or Composition Real, Prescriptive or Customary Payment, or Claim of Exemption from or Non-liability to the Payment of Tithes relating to the Lands in question, shall lave been decided by competent Authority before the making of he said Award, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners shall act on the Principle established by such Decision, and shall make their Award as if such Decision had been made at the Beginning of the said Period of Seven Years.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any Suit shall be pending touching the Right to any Tithes, or if there shall be any Question as to the Existence of any Modus or Composition Real, or Prescriptive or Customary Payment, or any Claim of Exemption from or Non-liability under any Circumstances to the Payment of any Tithes in respect of any Lands or any Kind of Produce, or touching the Situation or Boundary of any Landis, or if any Difference shall arise whereby the making of any such Award by the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner, shall be hindered, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner to appoint a Time and Place in or near the Parish for hearing and determining the same; and the Decision of; the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall be final and conclusive on all Persons, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person claiming to be interested in any Lands or in the Tithes thereof who shall be dis-satisfied with any such Decision of the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner may, if the yearly Value of the Payment to be made or withholden according to such Decision shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster against the Person in whose Favour such Decision shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Decision shall have been notified in Writing, in such Manner as the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall direct, to the Parties interested therein or to their known Agents, in which Action the Plaintiff shall deliver a feigned Issue, whereby such disputed Right may be tried, and shall proceed to a Trial at Law of such Issue at the Sittings after the Term or at the Assizes then next or next but one after such Action shall have been commenced to be holden

Z 4 for

Modules, &c. how to be allowed for in the Award.

Commissioners may hear and determine Disputes;

subject to Appeal by an Issue at Law;

344

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

far the County within which such Lands or the greater Pari thereof are situated, with Liberty nevertheless for the Court in which the same shall have been commenced or any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster to extend the Time for going to Trial therein, or to direct the Trial to be in another County if it shall seem fit to such Court or Judge so to do; and every Defendant in any such Action shall enter an Appearance thereto, and accept such Issue; but in case the Parties shall differ as to the Form of such Issue, or in case the Defendant shall fail to enter such Appearance or accept such Issue, then the same shall be settled under the Direction of the Court in which the Action shall be brought, or by any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of Lav at Westminster, and the Plaintiff may proceed thereon in like Manner as if the Defendant had appeared and accepted such Issue; and the Parties in such Action shall produce to each other and their respective Attornies or Counsel, at such Time and Place as any Judge may order before Trial, and also to the Court and Jury upon the Trial of any such Issue, all Books, Deeds Papers, and Writings, Terriers, Maps, Plans, and Surveys relating to the Matters in issue in their respective Custody or Power; and it shall be lawful for the Judge by whom any such Action shall be tried, if he shall think fit, to direct the Jury to find a Verdict, subject to the Opinion of the Court upon a special Case; and tin Verdict which shall be given in any such Action, or the Judgment of the Court upon the Case subject to which the same may be given, shall be final and binding upon all Parties thereto, units* the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it or by taking shall be lawful for the said Court to do, if it shall see fit: Provided the Opinion of a]so, that in case any such Decision shall involve a Question of theron °* Law only, and the Parties in difference shall be agreed upon the e ' Facts relating thereto, and whereon such Decision shall have been

founded, the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner, at the Request of the Person dis-satisfied, (such Request to be made in Writing within Three Calendar Months after such Decision, and at least Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing of such j Request to be given in like Manner to the other Parties in difference or to their known Agents,) shall direct a Case to be stated for the Opinion of such one of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster as the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall think fit, which Case shall be settled by them or him or under their or his Direction in case the Parties differ about the same, and may be set down for Argument and be brought before I the Court in like Manner as other Cases are brought before the Court; and the Decision of such Court upon every Case so, brought before it shall be binding upon all Parties concerned therein: Provided always, that after such Verdict given and not set aside by the Court, or after such Decision of the Court, the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall be bound by such Verdict or Decision; and the Costs bf every such Action, or of stating such Case and obtaining a Decision thereon, shah be in the Discretion of the Court in or by which the same shall be decided, which may order the same to be taxed by the proper

7 Officer

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

345

Officer of the Court, and the like Execution may be had for the same as if such Costs had been recovered upon a Judgment of Record of the said Court,

XLVII. And be it enacted, pThat no Proceeding of or before the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, or in any Action, or in any Case stated, or Reference, in pursuance of this Act, shall abate or cease by reason of the Death of any Person interested therein.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person in whose Favour any such Decision of the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner shall have been made shall die before any such Action shall have been brought or Case stated, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for every Person who might have brought such Action, or have had such Case stated, against the Person so dying, to bring or have the same, within the Time so limited as aforesaid, nominally against such Person as if living, and to serve the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner with Process and Notices relating thereto in the same Manner as the Person deceased might have been served therewith if living; and it shall be lawful for every Person entitled to the Benefit of such Decision as aforesaid, or, in case of any such Person being a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, the Guardian, Trustee, Committee of the Estate, Husband, or Attorney respectively, or in default thereof such Person as may be nominated for that Purpose by the Commissioners, and whom they are hereby empowered to nominate under their Hands and Seal, to appear and defend such Action or argue such Case; and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner, and the Rights of all Persons shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or the Decision upon such Case, as if such Person had been living; and the Costs of every such Action or Case shall be in the Discretion of the Court as aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall revive any Right to Tithes which now is or hereafter shall be barred by any Law in force for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi or Exemption from or Discharge from Tithes, or for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property.

L. And be it enacted, That as soon as all such Suits and Differences shall have been decided, or if there shall have been no Suits or Differences then as soon as the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall have ascertained and estimated as aforesaid the total Value of all the Tithes of the said Parish, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall frame the Draft of an Award, declaring that the Sum ascertained as aforesaid shall be the Amount of the Rent-charge to be paid in respect of the Tithes of the said Parish, and every such Draft shall contain all the Particulars herein-before required to be inserted in any Parochial Agreement or any Schedule thereto; provided always, that no such Award shall be made for giving Land instead of the Tithes of the Parish.

LI. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Draft shall have been made by the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner they

or

Proceedings not to abate by Death of Parties.

In case of Deaths of Parties before Actions brought, &c. the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Statutes of Li -mitation not to be affected.

Commissioners to award total Sum to be paid for the Tithes of the Parish.

Commissioners may hear and determine Ob-

C. 7I.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

jectious to the Award.

A ward to be confirmed by the Commissioners.

Commissioners to summon a Parochial Meeting to appoint Valuers.

If Valuation not completed

or he shall deposit a Copy of the same* and of any special Report thereunto annexed, at some convenient Place within the said Parish for the Inspection of all Persons interested in the said Lands or Tithes, and shall forthwith give Notice in such Manner as to the Commissioners shall seem fit where the said Copy may be inspected, and shall also in such Notice appoint some convenient Place and Time (the first not earlier than Twenty-one Days from the first giving of such Notice) for holding a Meeting to hear Objections to such intended Award by any Person interested therein; and the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner at such Meet* ing as aforesaid shall hear and determine any Objections which may be then and there made to the said intended Award, or adjourn the further Hearing thereof, if they or he shall think proper, to a future Meeting, and may, if they or he shall see Occasion, direct any further Valuation of the Lands or Tithes or any of them, and from Time to Time fix further Meetings for the Hearing and determining of Objections, of which further Meetings, when not holden by Adjournment, Notice shall be given id manner herein-before directed with regard to the original Meeting: and when the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall have heard and determined all such Objections they or he shall amend the Draft of such Award accordingly if they or he shall see Occasion.

LII. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner shall have made such Amendments in the Draft of the Award as to them or him shall seem necessary, they or he shall cause the same to be fairly written, and shall sign and send it to the Office of the Commissioners, and the Commissioner shall satisfy themselves that all the Proceedings incident to the making of such Award have been duly performed, and if they shall think that the Award ought to be confirmed shall confirm the same under their Hands and Seal, and shall add to the Award the Date of such Confirmation, and shall publish the Fact of such Confirmation and the Date thereof in the Parish, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit; and every such confirmed Award shall be binding on all Persons interested in the said Lands or Tithes.

LIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Commissioners shall have confirmed any such Award, the Commissioners or some Assistant Commissioner shall call a Parochial Meeting of the Owners of Land subject to Tithes in the said Parish, for the Purpose of choosing Valuers to apportion the Amount so awarded among the Lands of the Parish, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing under their or his Hand, to be fixed at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting on the principal outer Door of the Church or in some public and conspicuous Place within the IVish; and Valuers or a single Valuer may be chosen at such Meeting by the Land Owners then present in like Manner, and the Valuers I so chosen shall act with the same Powers and be subject to the same Provisions, as if the Rent-charge so awarded had been agreed to at a Parochial Meeting of the Land Owners and Tithe Owners of the Parish, and the Valuers had been thereupon chosen as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it enacted, That if upon the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Day of the Date of the Confirmation

of I

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

347

of any Agreement or Award no Valuer or Valuers shall have been appointed, or the Apportionment by such Valuers or Valuer shall not have been made and sent to the Office of the Commissioners as herein-after provided, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or some Assistant Commissioner to apportion the Rent-charge previously agreed or awarded to be paid among the Lands of the said Parish, having regard to the average titheable Produce and productive Quality of the said Lands, according to the Discretion and Judgment of the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner, but subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, and so that the several Lands may have the full Benefit in each Case of every Modus, Composition Real, Prescriptive and Customary Payment, and of every Exemption from or Non-liability to Tithes relating to the said Lands respectively, and having regard to the several Tithes to which the said Lands are severally liable.

LV. And be it enacted, That a Draught of every Apportionment shall be made, and shall set forth the Agreement or Award, as the Case may be, upon which such Apportionment is founded, and every Schedule thereunto annexed; and the said Draught, or some Schedule thereunto annexed, whether made by or under the Direction of the Valuers or Commissioners or Assistant Commissioners, shall state the Name or Description and the true or estimated Quantity in Statute Measure of the several Lands to be comprised in the Apportionment, and shall set forth the Names and Description of the several Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, and whether the said several Lands are then cultivated as Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, or as Wood Land, Common Land, or howsoever otherwise, and shall refer, by a Number set against the Description of such Lands, to a Map or Plan to be drawn on Paper or Parchment, and the same Number shall be marked on the Representation of such Lands in the said Map or Plan; and the Draught of the Apportionment shall also state the Amount charged upon the said several Lands, and to whom and in what Right the same shall be respectively payable.

LVI. And be it enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act, and also in the Month of January in every Year, the Comptroller of Corn Returns for the Time being, or such other Person as may from Time to Time be in that Behalf authorized by the Privy Council, shall cause an Advertisement to be inserted in the London Gazette, stating what has been, during Seven Years ending on the Thursday next before Christmas Day then next preceding, the Average Price of an Imperial Bushel of British Wheat, Barley, and Oats, computed from the weekly Averages of the Corn Returns.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every Rent-charge charged upon any Lands by any such intended Apportionment shall be deemed at the Time of the Confirmation of such Apportionment, as herein-after provided, to be of the Value of such Number of Imperial Bushels and Decimal Parts of an Imperial Bushel of Wheat, Barley, and Oats as the same would have purchased at the Prices so ascertained by the Advertisement to be published immediately after the passing of this Act, in case One Third Part of such Rent-charge had been invested in the Purchase of Wheat,

One

in Six Months Commissioners to apportion.

Form of Apportionment.

Comptroller of Corn Returns to publish Average Price of Corn.

Rent-charges to be valued according to the Average Price of Corn.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

C. 71.

Rent-charge may be specially apportioned.

Commissioners may employ Surveyors.

Commissioners to have the Power of Valuers as to Entry in Lands, &c.

Apportionment to be signed by the Person making it, and sent with the Plan to the Commissioners.

One Third Part thereof in the Purchase of Barley, and the remaining Third Part thereof in the Purchase of Oats, and the respective Quantities of Wheat, Barley, and Oats so ascertained shall be stated in the Draft of every Apportionment

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Valuers or Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, upon the Request of any Land Owner, at any Time before the Confirmation of the Apportionment, to apportion the whole Rent-charge intended to be charged upon any Lands of such Land Owner held under the same Title and for the same Estate, in the same Parish, specially' upon the several Closes or Portions of such Lands, or according to an acreable Rate or acreable Rates upon Lands of different Quality, in such Manner and in such Proportion, and to the Exclusion of such of them, as the Land Owner, with the Consent of the Person entitled to such Rent-charge, may direct, and the Particulars of every such special Apportionment shall be included in the Draught of the Apportionment and taken to be a Part thereof: Provided always, that the extra Expences of every such special Apportionment shall be borne by the Party at whose Instance the same shall have been made, and shall be recoverable as other Costs of the Apportionment are recoverable, and that no Close of Land shall be charged with any Rent-charge or Share of Rent-charge on account of the Tithes of any other Lands, unless the Value of such Lands shall be at least Three Times the Value of the whole Rent-charge upon such Lands.

LIX. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of making any such Apportionment, as well as for the Purpose of making any Award as herein-before provided, the Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners may employ such Land Surveyors and Tithe Valuers as to them shall seem fit, and may order them to be paid for valuing, surveying, mapping, and planning after any Rate not exceeding Two Guineas to every such Person for every Day that he shall have been so employed, and may assess the same as Part of the Expences of making their Award or Apportionment respectively; and the said Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, and the Land Surveyors and Tithe Valuers employed by them respectively, shall have all the Powers and be subject to all the Provisions herein-before enacted concerning the Valuers appointed at a Parochial Meeting, except that they shall not be bound to adopt any Principles of Apportionment agreed to at any Parochial Meeting: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners to make any Agreement with any such Land Surveyors or Tithe Valuers for the Payment to the same of One Sum for the whole Duty or any Part thereof to be performed by them respectively.

LX. And be it enacted, That the Draught of every Apportionment, whether made by or under the Direction of the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, or by any Valuer or Valuers appointed as herein-before is provided, shall be signed by the Person by or under whose Direction it shall have been made, and shall be sent, together with the Map or Plan therein referred to, by the Person by whom it is signed to the Office of the Commissioners, or otherwise to some Assistant Commissioner, as the Commissioners may direct, with such Proof as the Commissioners

may

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 7I.

349

aay require that every Proceeding incident to the making of such )raught of Apportionment has been duly performed.

LXI. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Draught of any uch Apportionment, verified as aforesaid, shall have been sent to he Commissioners they shall cause a Copy of the same to be debited at some convenient Place within the said Parish for the nspection of all Persons interested in the said Lands or Tithes, ad shall forthwith cause Notice to be given, in such Manner as

0 them shall seem fit, where the said Copy may be inspected, and hall also in such Notice appoint some convenient Place and such Times as they shall think necessary (the first not earlier than Twenty-one Days from the first giving of such Notice) for holding

1 Meeting to hear Objections to the intended Apportionment by iny Person interested therein, and the said Commissioners or some Assistant Commissioner at such Meeting as aforesaid shall hear md determine any Objections which may be then and there made n the said intended Apportionment, or adjourn the further hearing hereof, if they or he shall think proper, to a future Meeting, and nay, if they or he shall see Occasion, direct any further Valuation )f the Lands or any of them, and from Time to Time fix further Meetings for the hearing and determining of Objections, of which further Meetings, when not holden by Adjournment, Notice shall be given in manner herein-before directed with regard to the original Meeting; and when the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall have heard and determined all such Objections, they and he are and is hereby required to cause such Apportionment to be amended accordingly if they or he shall see Occasion.

LXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner of any Lands chargeable with any such Rent-charge to agree, at anytime before the Confirmation of any such Instrument of Apportionment, with any Ecclesiastical Person being the Owner of the Tithes thereof in right of any Spiritual Benefice or Dignity, for giving Land instead of the Rent-charge charged or about to be charged upon his Lands; and every such Agreement shall be made under the Hands and Seals of the Land Owner and Tithe Owner, and shall contain all the Particulars herein-before required to be inserted in a Parochial Agreement for giving Land instead of Tithes or Rent-charge: Provided always, that no such Tithe Owner shall be enabled to take or hold more than Twenty Imperial Acres of Land in the whole by virtue of any such Agreement or Agreements made in the same Parish; and the nine Consent and Confirmation relatively to the Lands and Tithes comprised in the said Agreement shall be necessary to any such Agreement as in the Case of a Parochial Agreement for giving Land instead of Tithes; and all the Provisions herein-before contained concerning a Parochial Agreement for giving Land shall be applicable to every such Agreement as herein-before last mentioned, so far as concerns the Lands and Tithes comprised in the said Agreement: Provided also, that any Amendment which shall be made in the Draft of Apportionment before Confirmation thereof and subsequent to any such Agreement for giving Land instead of Rent-charge, whereby the Charge upon the Lands referred to in such Agreement shall be altered, shall be taken to

annul

Commissioners may hear and determine Objections to Apportionment.

Owners of Lands chargeable with Rent-charge may

thereof.

C. 71.

6 & 7* GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1836.

Confirmation by the Commissioners.

1

Transcripts of the Award to be sent to the Registrar of the Diocese and to the Incumbent and Churchwardens.

Commissioners may require Notice of Agreements or Awards to be given to Reversioner.

Confirmed

Agreements,

&c. not to be questioned.

Lands to be discharged from Tithes, and Rent -charge paid in lieu thereof!

annul the Execution of such Agreement for giving Land, and any Consent which may have been necessary thereunto.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That after such Proceedings as aforesaid shall have been had, and all such Objections, if any, shall have been finally disposed of, the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall cause the Instrument of Apportionment to be ingrossed on Parchment, and shall annex the Map or Plan thereunto belonging to the ingrossed Instrument of Apportionment, and shall sign the Instrument of Apportionment and the Map or Plan, and shall send both to the Office of the Commissioners, and if the Commissioners shall approve the Apportionment they shall confirm the Instrument of Apportionment under their Hands and Seal, and shall add thereunto the Date of such Confirmation.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That Two Copies of every confirmed Instrument of Apportionment, and of every confirmed Agreement for giving Land instead of any Tithes or Rent-charge, shall be made and sealed with the Seal of the said Commissioners, and one such Copy shall be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese within which the Parish is situated, to be there kept among the Records of the said Registry, and the other Copy shall be deposited with the Incumbent and Church or Chapel Wardens of the Parish for the Time being, or such other fit Persons as the Commissioners shall approve, to be kept by them and their Successors in Office with the public Books, Writings, and Papers of the Parish, and all Persons interested therein may have access to and be furnished with Copies of or Extracts from any such Copy on giving reasonable Notice to the Person having Custody of the same, and on Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such Inspection, and after the Rate of Three-pence for every Seventy-two Words contained in such Copy or Extract; and every Recital or Statement in or Map or Plan annexed to such confirmed Apportionment or Agreement for giving Land, or any sealed Copy thereof, shall be deemed satisfactory Evidence of the Matters therein recited or stated, or of the Accuracy of such Plan.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners, if they shall see fit, before confirming any Agreement, Award, or Apportionment, may require Notice thereof to be given in such Manner as they shall direct to the Person next in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy of an Estate of Inheritance in any Lands or Tithes, or any other Person to whom they may think Notice ought to be given, and may by themselves or by some Assistant Commissioner hear and determine any Objection made to such Confirmation by any Person interested therein, and may direct any Award or Apportionment to be amended accordingly.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no confirmed Agreement, Award, or Apportionment shall be impeached after the Confirmation thereof by reason of any Mistake or Informality therein or in any Proceeding relating thereunto.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That from the First Day of Ja* nuary next following the Confirmation of every such Apportionment the Lands of the said Parish shall be absolutely discharged from the Payment of all Tithes, except so far as relates to the Liability of any Tenant at Rack Rent dissenting as herein-after

8 provided,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

351

provided, and instead thereof there shall be payable thenceforth to the Person in that Behalf mentioned in the said Apportionment a Sum of Money equal in Value, according to the Prices ascertained by the then next preceding Advertisement, to the Quantity of Wheat, Barley, and Oats respectively mentioned therein to be payable instead of the said Tithes, in the Nature of a Rent-charge issuing out of the Lands charged therewith; and such yearly Sum shall be payable by Two equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of July and the First Day of January in every Year, the first Payment, except in the Case of barren reclaimed Lands, as herein-after provided, being on the First Day of July next after the Lands shall have been discharged from Tithes as aforesaid, tod such Rent-charge may be recovered at the Suit of the Person entitled thereto, his Executors or Administrators, by Distress and Entry as herein-after mentioned; and after every First Day of January the Sum of Money thenceforth payable in respect of such Rent-charge shall vary so as always to consist of the Price of the same Number of Bushels and Decimal Parts of a Bushel of Wheat, Barley, and Oats respectively, according to the Prices ascertained by the then next preceding Advertisement, and any Person entitled from Time to Time to any such varied Rent-charge shall have the same Powers for enforcing Payment thereof as are herein contained concerning the original Rent-charge: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to render any Person whomsoever personally liable to the Payment of any such Rent-charge: Provided always, that the Rent-charge which shall be apportioned upon any Lands in the said Parish which during any Part of the said Period of Seven Years preceding Christmas One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five were exempted from Tithes by reason of having been inclosed under any Act of Parliament, or converted from Barren Heath or Waste Ground, shall be payable for the first Time on the First Day of July or First Day of Jamary next following the Confirmation of the Apportionment which shall be nearest to the Time at which Tithes were or would have become payable for the First Time in respect of the said Lands if no Commutation thereof had taken place.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That from the First Day of January next following the Confirmation of every Parochial or other Agreement for. giving Land instead of any Tithes or Rent-charge, the Lands of the Parish in which any such Agreement shall be made shall be absolutely discharged from the Payment of the Tithes or Rent-charge for which it shall have been agreed that such Land shall be given.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every Rent-charge payable as aforesaid instead of Tithes shall be subject to all Parliamentary, Parochial, and County and other Rates, Charges, and Assessments, in like Manner as the Tithes commuted for such Rent-charge have heretofore been subject.

LXX. And be it enacted, That all Rates and Charges to which any such Rent-charge is liable shall be assessed upon the Occupier of the Lands out of which such Rent-charge shall issue, and in ease the same shall not be sooner paid by the Owner of the Rent-charge for the Time being may be recovered from such Occupier in like Manner as any Poor Rate assessed on him in respect

Payment of Rent-charge on reclaimed Lands to be iMMtponed until Tithes would have been due.

Lands to be free from Tithes when Lands are given in lieu thereof.

Rent-charge to be liable to Rates, &c.

How Rates and Charges are to be recovered.

j

352

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Rent-charge to be subject to the same Incumbrances and Incidents as Tithe before this Act.

respect of such Lands; and any Occupier holding such Lands under any Landlord and who shall have paid any such Rate or Charge in respect of any such Rent-charge shall be entitled tn deduct the Amount thereof from the Rent next payable by him to his Landlord for the Time being, and shall be allowed the same in account with his Landlord; and any Landlord or Owner in Possession who shall have paid any such Rate or Charge, or from whose Rent the Amount of any such Rate or Charge in respect of any such Rent-charge shall have been so deducted, or who shall have allowed the same in account with any Tenant paying the same, shall be entitled to deduct the Amount thereof from the Rent-charge, or by all other lawful Ways and Means to recover the same from the Owner of the Rent-charge, his Executors and Administrators; provided that the Owner of every such Rent-charge shall have and be entitled to the like Right of demanding, inspecting, and taking Copies of every Assessment containing such Rate or Charge, and of Appeal against the same, and the like Power of prosecuting such Appeal, and the like Remedies in respect thereof, as any Occupier or Rate-payer has or may have in the Case of Poor Rates, although such Rate or Charge is herein made assessable upon the Occupier, and the Owner of the Rent-charge ij not mentioned by Name in such Assessment.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That any Person having any Interest in or Claim to any Tithes, or to any Charge or Incumbrance upon any Tithes, before the passing of this Act, shall have the saw Right to or Claim upon the Rent-charge for which the same ahaD be commuted as he had to or upon the Tithes, and shall bt; entitled to have the like Remedies for recovering the same as if his Right or Claim to or upon the Rent-charge had accrued after the Commutation; provided that nothing herein contained shall give Validity to any Mortgage or other Incumbrance which before the passing of this Act was invalid or could not be enforced; and every Estate for Life, or other greater Estate, in any such Rent-charge, shall be taken to be an Estate of Freehold; and every Estate in any such Rent-charge shall be subject to the same Liabilities and Incidents as the like Estate in the Tithes commuted for such Rent-charge; and where any Lands were exempted from Tithe whilst in the Occupation of the Owner thereof by reason of being Glebe or of having been heretofore Parcel of the Possesions of any privileged Order, the same Lands shall be in like Manner exempted from the Payment of the Rent-charge apportioned on them whilst in the Occupation of the Owner thereof; and where by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed anj Tithes are authorized to be sold, exchanged, appropriated, or applied in any Way, the Rent-charges for which such Tithes may be commuted under the Provisions of this Act, or any Part thereof shall or may be saleable or exchangeable, appropriated and applied, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as such Tithes, and the same Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Appropriation shall in all such Cases extend to and may be exercised in respect of the said Commutation Rent-charges; and the Money to arise by the Sale of such Rent-charges shall or may be invested, appropriated and applied to the same Purposes and in like Manner &s the Money to arise by the Sale of any such Tithes might have been

invested.

C. 11.

853

invested, appropriated, and applied under such particular Act or Acts io case this Act had not been passed; and no such Rent-charge shall merge or be extinguished in any Estate of which the Person for the Time being entitled to such Rent-charge may be seised or possessed in the Lands on which the same shall Ira charged: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person Provisos seised in Possession of an Estate in Fee Simple or- Fee Tail of my Tithes or Rent-charge in Heu of Tithes, by any Deed or Declaration under his Hand and Seal, to be made in such Form is the said Commissioners shall approve, and to be confirmed imder their Seal, to release, assign, or otherwise dispose of the tame, so that the same may be absolutely merged and extinguished in the Freehold and Inheritance of the Lands on which the same M have been charged.

LXXII. And b_e t enacted, That if at any Time subsequent to Apportionment die Confirmation of any such Instrument of Apportionment the may be altered Owner of any Lands charged with any such Rent-charge shall be b7 Com%' desirous that the Apportionment thereof shall be altered, it shall Taxttf derired? be lawful for the Commissioners of Land Tax for the County t>r Place where the said Lands are situate, or any Three of them, to alter the Apportionment in such Manner and in such Proportion and to the Exclusion of such of the Lands as the Land Owner, with the Consent of Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Division, or other Jurisdiction in which the Lands are situated, may direct; and such altered Apportionment shall be made by an Instrument in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Land Tax and of the said Land Owner and Justices, of the like Form and Tenor as to the said Lands as the original Apportionment, and bearing Date the Day of its Execution by the said Commissioners of Land Tax, subject to the Provision herein-before contained with respect to the Value if Lands on which any Rentrcharge may be charged on account of the Tithes of any other Lands; and every such altered Apportionment shall be as valid as if made and confirmed by the Tithe Commissioners as aforesaid, and shall be taken to be an Amendment of the original Apportionment; and in every such Case Two Counterparts of the Instrument of altered Apportionment, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Land Tax and Justices and Land Owner, shall be sent, One to the Registrar of the Diocese, and One to the Incumbent and Church or Chapel Wardens, or other Person having the Custody of the other Copy of the original Instrument of Apportionment; and One Counterpart shall be annexed to the Copy of the Instrument of Apportionment in the Custody of the Registrar and such other Person respectively, and taken to be an Amendment thereof; and thenceforward such Lands shall be charged only according to such altered Apportionment; and all Expences of such Alteration shall be borne by the Land Owner desiring the same.

LXXM. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners or Assis- Expences of tint Commissioner, in any Case where they or he may see fit, Witnesses to be may order such Expences of Witnesses, and of the Production of P"d under the my Books, Deeds, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, or Writings, irectl.on. of the Terriers, Maps, Plans, and Surveys, or Copies thereof, and all nmussioners.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. A a other

C. 71.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

wooes of

xMrtummexri le borne ably by the id Owners.

mere of rticular tates may irge the ists on the tate for renty Years.

other Expences (except the Salary or Allowance to any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner) incurred in the Settlement of any Suit or Difference, or in the hearing and determining any Objection to any Award or Apportionment before the said Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, to be paid by such Parties interested in the Production thereof respectively or in the Event of such Suit, Difference, or Objection, and in such Proportions, as the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall think fit and reasonable.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, The Allowances to and Expences of Land Surveyors and Tithe Valuers necessary for making any Award, and all other Expences of or incident to making the said Award, except the Salary or Allowance to any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, and except any Expences which the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, or any Court or Arbitrator, may be authorized to order and may have ordered to be otherwise paid, shall be borne and paid by the Land Owners and Tithe Owners interested in the said Award, in such Proportion, Time, and Manner as the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall direct

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all the Expences of or incident to making any Apportionment (except the Salary or Allowance to any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, and except any Expence which the Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner may be authorized and may have ordered to be otherwise paid,) shall be borne and paid by the Owners of Lands included in the Apportionment in rateable Proportion to the Sum charged^ on the said Lands in lieu of Tithes by such Apportionment

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Difference shall arise touching the said Expences, or the Share thereof to be paid by any Person, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or some Assistant Commissioner to certify under their or his Hand the Amount to be paid by such Person; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his Share so certified to be payable by him, and upon the Production of such Certificate before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or other Jurisdiction wherein the Lands mentioned in the Agreement or Award or Apportionment are situate, such Justices, upon the Nonpayment thereof, are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same and the Costs of the Distress to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person liable to pay the same, and to render the Surplus (if any) , after deducting the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Person distrained upon.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Owner of an Estate in Land or Tithes less in the whole than an immediate Estate of Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or which shall be settled upon any Uses or Trusts, may, with the Consent of the Commissioners, and in such Manner as they may direct, charge so much of the Expences of Commutation as is to be defrayed by him, or any Part thereof, and the Interest thereon after the Rate of Four Pounds by the Hundred, upon the Lands whereof the Tithes arc commuted, or upon the Rent-charge to be received by him instead of such Tithes respectively, but so nevertheless that the Charge upon such Lands

6° & 76 GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

or Rent-charge respectively shall be lessened in every Year following such Commutation by One Twentieth Part at least of the whole original Charge thereon.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Ecclesiastical beneficed Person who shall commute the Tithes of his Benefice under this Act may advance or borrow the Sum necessary to defray so much of the Expences of Commutation as is to be defrayed by him, or any Part thereof, and as a Security for Repayment may charge or assign the Rent-charge to be received instead of such Tithes for Twenty Years, or until the Principal Sum advanced or borrowed, and the Interest thereon after the Rate of Four Pounds by the Hundred, and the Expences of such Charge or Assignment, shall be sooner paid; and every Incumbent successively shall pay the Interest of the Sum advanced or borrowed, or of so much thereof as shall then remain unpaid, as the same shall become due, or within One Calendar Month next following, and also an Instalment at the Rate of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of the Principal Sum advanced or borrowed, and in default of such Payment the Ordinary may sequester the Profits of the Benefice until such Payments shall be made, provided that the Sum to be so advanced or borrowed shall be ascertained and certified under the Hand of any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, and shall be by him stated to have been the Amount of such Expences properly incurred by such Ecclesiastical beneficed Person in relation to such Commutation.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Tenant or Occupier who at the Time of such Commutation shall occupy at Rack Rent any Lands of which the Tithes shall be so commuted may, within One Calendar Month next after the Confirmation of the Apportionment by the Commissioners, signify, by Writing under his Hand given to or left at the usual Residence of his Landlord or his Agent, his Dissent from being bound to pay any Rent-charge apportioned and charged on the said Lands as aforesaid) and in that Case such Landlord shall be entitled, from the Time when the said Apportionment shall take effect, and during the Tenancy or Occupation of such Tenant or Occupier, to stand, as to the Perception and Collection of Tithes, or Receipt of any Composition instead thereof, in the Place of the Owner of the Tithes so commuted, and to have all the Powers and Remedies for enforcing Render and Payment of such Tithes or Composition which the Tithe Owner would have had if the Commutation had not taken place.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That any Tenant or Occupier at the Time of such Commutation who shall have signified his Dissent from being bound to pay any such Rent-charge as aforesaid, or who shall hold his Lands under a Lease or Agreement providing that the same shall be holden and enjoyed by him free of Tithes, and every Tenant or Occupier who shall occupy any Lands by any Lease or Agreement made subsequently to such Commutation, and who shall pay any such Rent-charge, shall be entitled to deduct the Amount thereof from the Rent payable by him to his Landlord, and shall be allowed the same in account with the said Landlord.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That in case the said Rent-charge shall at any Time be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of

Twenty-

Costs of E siastical Ti Owners m be charged the Benefit for Twenty Yean.

If Tenant Lands at Rack Ren dissent fro paying tin Rent-char the Landl may take Tithes dui the Tenar

Tenant pc Rent-chat to be alloi the same i account w his Landl

When R, charge is arrear foi

C. 71

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

after halff Days of lent, the in entitled to may in.

l Rentes are ear for Days ialf-yearly of Pay-and no ent Dis-m the ires, Writ issued ing Sheriff nmon

n *

ii»t how rendered. '

Lecovery

nt-charges

Quakers.

Twenty-one Days next after any half-yearly Day of Payment, it shall be lawful for the Person entitled to the same, after having given or left Ten Days Notice in Writing at the usual or last known Residence of the Tenant in Possession, to distrain upon the Lands liable to the Payment thereof, or on any Part thereof, for all Arrears of the said Rent-charge, and to dispose of the Distress when taken, and otherwise to act and demean himself in relation thereto as any Landlord may for Arrears of Rent reserved on a common Lease for Years; provided that not more than Two Years Arrears shall at any Time be recoverable by Distress.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That in case the said Rent-charge shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Forty Days next after any half-yearly Day of Payment, and there shall be no sufficient Distress on the Premises liable to the Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit of the Facts, to order a Writ to be issued, directed to the Sheriff of the County in which the Lands chargeable with the Rent-charge are situated, requiring the said Sheriff to summon a Jury to assess the Arrears of Rent-charge remaining unpaid, and to return the Inquisition thereupon taken to some one of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, on a Day therein to be named, either in Term Time or Vacation; a Copy of which Writ, and Notice of the Time and Place of executing the same, shall be given to the Owner of the Land, or left at his last known Place of Abode, or with his known Agent, Ten Days previous to the Execution thereof; and the Sheriff is hereby required to execute such Writ according to the Exigency thereof v and the Costs of such Inquisition shall be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court; and thereupon the Owner of the Rent-charge may sue out a Writ of Habere facias possessionem, directed to the Sheriff commanding him to cause the Owner of the Rent-charge to have possession of the Lands chargeable therewith until the Arrears of Rent-charge found to be due, and the said Costs, and also the Costs of such Writ and of executing the same, and of cultivating and keeping possession of the Lands, shall be fully satisfied: Provided always, that not more than Two Years Arrears over and above the Time of such Possession shall be at any Time recoverable.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court out of which such Writ shall have issued, or any Judge at Chambers, to order the Owner of the Rent-charge who shall be^ in Possession by virtue of such Writ from Time to Time to render an Account of the Rents and Produce of the Lands and of the Receipts and Payments in respect of the same, and to pay over the Surplus (if any) to the Person for the Time being entitled thereunto, after Satisfaction of such Arrears of Rent-charge and all Costs and Expences as aforesaid, and thereupon to order a Writ of Supersedeas to issue to the said Writ of Habere facias possessionem, and also by Rule or Order of such Court or Judge from Time to Time to give such summary Relief to the Parties as to the said Court or Judge shall seem fit.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases in which it shall be necessary to make any Distress under this Act in respect of any Lands in the Possession of any Person of

A.D. 186.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71.

the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, the same may he made upon the Goods, Chattels, or Effects of such Person, whether on the Premises or elsewhere, but nevertheless to the same Amount only and with the same Consequences in all respects as if made on the Premises; and that in all Cases of Distress under this Act upon Persons of that Persuasion the Goods, Chattels, or Effects which may be distrained shall be sold without its being necessary to impound or keep the same: Provided always, that no Writ under the Provision herein-before contained shall be issued for assessing or recovering any Rent-charge payable under this Act in respect of any Lands in the Possession of any Person of the Persuasion aforesaid, unless the same shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Forty Days next after any half-yearly Day of Payment, without the Person entitled thereto being able to find Goods, Chattels, or Effects either on the Premises or elsewhere liable to be distrained as aforesaid sufficient to satisfy the Arrears to which such Lands are liable, together with the reasonable Costs of such Distress.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Rent-charge payable under the Provisions of this Act shall be in arrear, notwithstanding any Apportionment which may have been made of any such Rent-charge, every Part of the Land situate in the Parish in which such Rent-charge shall so be in arrear, and which shall be occupied by the same Person who shall be the Occupier of the Lands on which such Rent-charge so in arrear shall have been /charged, whether such Land shall be occupied by the Person occupying the same as the Owner thereof, or as Tenant thereof, holding under the same Landlord under whom he occupies the Land on which such Rent-charge so in arrear shall have been charged, shall be liable to be distrained upon or entered upon as aforesaid for the Purpose of satisfying any Arrears of such Rent-charge, whether chargeable on the Lands on which such Distress is taken or such Entry made, or upon any other Part of the Lands so occupied or holden: Provided always, that no Land shall be liable to be distrained or entered upon for the Purpose of satisfying any such Rent-charge charged upon Lands which shall have been washed away by the Sea, or otherwise destroyed by jtny natural Casualty.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That the several Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, respecting the Apportionment of Rents, Annuities, and other periodical Payments, shall extend to all Rent-charges payable under this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Barns or Buildings belonging to any Tithe Owner having a limited Estate or Interest therein, which shall have been generally used for the housing of Tithes paid in Kind, shall be rendered in the whole or in part useless by reason of any Commutation of Tithes under this Act, it shall be lawful for every such Tithe Owner (with the Consent, nevertheless, of the Commissioners, and subject to such Directions as they may give, to be signified under their Hands and Seal,) to pull down any such Barns or Buildings or any Part thereof, and to sell and dispose of the Materials, or to sell and dispose of all or

Powers of Distress an Entry to ei to all Land within the Parish ooci by the Owi or under t£ same Land or Holding

4 & 5 W. 4. to extend t Rent-charj under this

Provision \ the Sale of Buildings the Sites th rendered u or unneces: by the Co mutation o Tillies.

tea of Tithes be siur-PTfd»

it Tithes to be ted.

not to ex-l to Easter rings, &c.

Payments ad of Tithes ondon, &c.

?rtlsements, racls, and rds not

C. 71. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

any of such Barns or Buildings, and the Site thereof, and either with or without any Farm Buildings or Homesteads thereunto belonging, in such Manner as the Commissioners may direct; and upon Payment of the Consideration Money it shall be lawful for every such Tithe Owner (with such Consent as aforesaid) to convey and deliver the Premises sold as aforesaid to the Purchaser thereof, or to such Uses and in such Manner as such Purchaser shall direct; and the Consideration Money in each Case shall be paid to such Tithe Owner, and his Receipt shall be a good Discharge to the Purchaser; and such Tithe Owner shall lay out and invest the Consideration Money in such Manner and for such Trusts as the Commissioners shall direct for the Benefit of the Persons entitled to the said Rent-charge.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lessee being in Occupation of any Tithes commuted under this Act, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be made in such Form as the Commissioners shall direct, and confirmed under their Seal, to surrender and make void the Lease by which the said Tithes are held or enjoyed by such Lessee at the Time of the Commutation, so far as the same may relate to the' said Tithes; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by the same Instrument, to direct what Compensation (if any) shall be given by the immediate Lessor of any Lessee at Rack Rent so surrendering any Lease of any such Tithes to such Lessee, and what Allowance (if any) shall be made by any Lessee to his immediate Lessor of any such surrendered Lease, in consideration of the Non-fulfilment of any Conditions contained in such Lease, and what Deduction (if any; shall be made from the Rent thenceforth payable by any Lessee to his immediate Lessor in respect of other Hereditaments which may have been included with the said Tithes in any such Lease: Provided always, that any intermediate Lessor to whom any such Lease shall have been surrendered shall as regards his immediate Lessor be taken to be the Lessee in Occupation of the Tithes included in the said Lease *

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Right to any Tithes which shall have become due before the Commutation.

XC. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, unless by special Provision to be inserted in some Parochial Agreement and specially approved by the Commissioners, in which Case the same shall be valid, shall extend to any Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, or Surplice Fees, or to the Tithes of Fish or of Fishing, or to any Personal Tithes other than the Tithes of Mills, or any Mineral Tithes, or to any Payment instead of Tithes arising or growing due within the City of London, or to any permanent Rent-charge or other Rent or Payment in lieu of Tithes, calculated according to any Rate or Proportion in the Pound on the Rent or Value of any Houses or Lands in any City or Town under any Custom or Private Act of Parliament, or to any Lands or Tenements the Tithes whereof shall have been already perpetually commuted or extinguished under any Act of Parliament heretofore made.

XCI. And be it enacted, That no Advertisement inserted by Direction of the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner *

or

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 71

or by any Tithe Owner or Land Owner, in the London Gazette, or to be liable in any Newspaper, for the Purpose of carrying into effect any Stamp Dut Provision of this Act, and no Agreement, Award, or Power of Attorney made or confirmed or used under this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

XCLI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may Correspond receive and send by the General Post from and to Places in England and Wales all Letters and Packets relating exclusively ^Sii" Act to the Execution of this Act free from the Duty of Postage, be free of provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the Postage, said Commissioners be directed to the " Tithe Commissioners for England and Wales? at their Office in London, and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the said Commissioners shall be in Covers, with the Words " Tithe Commissioners for England and Waled* printed on the same, and be signed on the Outside thereof under such Words with the Name of such Person in his own Handwriting as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, (such Name to be from Time to Time sent to the Secretary of the General Post Office in London,) and be sealed With the Seal of the said Commissioners, and under such other Regulations as the said Lords Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think fit; and if the Person so to be appointed shall subscribe or seal any Letter or Packet whatever, except such only concerning which he shall receive the special Direction of his superior Officer, or which he shall himself know to relate exclusively to the Execution of this Act, or if the Person so to be appointed, 'or any other Person, shall send or cause to be sent under any such Cover any Letter,

Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than shall relate exclusively to the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds and be dismissed from his Office, one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person who shall inform or sue for the same; and every such Penalty may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person under the Provir False E?iden sions of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence he shall be to be deemed deemed guilty of Perjury; and if any Person shall make or subscribe ^jury I, "?* a false Affidavit or Declaration ter the Purposes of this Act he der^[shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury; and if any Person shall meanor. wilfully refuse to attend in obedience to any lawful Summons of any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, or to give Evidence, or shall wilfully alter, withhold, destroy, or refuse to produce any Book, Deed, Contract, Agreement, Account, or Writing,

Terrier, Map, Plan, or Survey, or any Copy of the same, which may be lawfully required to be produced before the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Commissioner, Assistant Commissioner, Actions again Justice of the Peace, Valuer, Umpire, or Surveyor, for any thing done under the Authority of this Act, until Twenty-one Days miss*, oners,

Notice Justices, Ac.

<*.71, 72.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing to the Party against whom such Action or Suit is intended to be brought, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender of Amends shall have been made to any Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months shall have expired from the Commission of the Act for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in toe County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not in any other County or Place; and if it shall appear that such Notice of Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Amends were made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited in that Behalf, or such Action shall' be laid in any County or Place other than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant therein, or the Court, upon summary Application by Motion in any such Suit, may dismiss the same against such Defendant; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant, or such Suit shall be dismissed upon Application as aforesaid, or if the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action, or if upon any Demurrer in such Action or Suit Judgment shall be given for the Defendant therein, then such Defendant shall have Costs, Charges, and Expences as between Attorney and Client *oceedings not XCV. And be it enacted, That no Order, Adjudication, or Probe quashed ceeding made or had by or before the Commissioners or any mn^norto Assistant Commissioner under the Authority of this Act or any

removed by Proceeding to be had touching any Offender against this Act irtiorari. shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be] removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, imits of Act. XC

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to

England and Wales. ct may be XCVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be tered this amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in *W this present Session of Parliament

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to impose countervailing Duties of Excise on Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities made from or with Spirits removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, and to grant countervailing Drawbacks on the Removal of the same; to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom; and to alter the Laws relating to Distillers and Retailers of Spirits.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS toe Duties by Law charged and payable on

4 Spirits made or distilled in the respective J Parts of the United Kingdom are, for every Gallon of Spirits of toe Strength of Hydrometer Proof made or distilled in England, Seven Shillings and Sixpence; for every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, Three Shillings and Four-pence; and for every

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 72.

every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, Two 4 Shillings and Four-pence: And whereas such Differences in the respective Amounts of the said Duties operate unfairly and unjustly on the Manufactures of all Mixtures, Compounds, and Pre*parations into the Manufacture of which Spirits enter as the Basis, or a principal Ingredient or Material thereof, and injuriously to the Revenue when such Articles are manufactured in and removed from that Part of the United Kingdom paying the lower Duty into those Parts of the United Kingdom in which the higher Duties are charged and paid, and also further operate as Prohibitions to the Removal of such Articles from those Parts of the United Kingdom paying the higher Duty to the Parts in which the Excise Duties are chargeable: And whereas by the respective Acts of Union between England and Scotland and ' Great Britain and* Ireland it is intended that all the Subjects of the United Kingdom should as far as possible be placed on an Equality in respect of Trade and Manufactures, and it is therefore necessary and expedient, in conformity with such Intention,

that countervailing Duties should be imposed on the Removal from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, of the respective Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities in the Schedule to this Act mentioned, according to the Quantity of Proof Spirit usually employed in the manufacturing and compounding of the same, and that corresponding Drawbacks should be allowed: And whereas by an Act passed *4 in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to impose additional Dudes on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom, certain additional Duties of Excise were imposed on Excise

Licences taken out by Retailers of Spirits in Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said additional Duties: And whereas it is expedient to allow Spirits made or distilled in the United Kingdom to be warehoused in Casks of a lesser Size than Eighty Gallons, and to remove the Restriction on Retailers of Spirits not to have more than Ten 4 Gallons of Spirits of Wine in Stock, and to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland, as prevents any Distiller in Scotland and Ireland from giving Notice to distil from Malt during the Remainder of his Licence, after having distilled from raw Grain, and to restore the Provision contained in an Act passed in the

Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ' Fourth Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, on the Removal of tho same from Ireland to Scotland or England, or from Scotland

to

4 & 5 W.4

2 W. 4. c

Duties ai Drawbac forth in t Schedule charged Articles merated when ren from Ire

I

C. 72.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

land or land, or k Scotland Ingland.

ies and wbacka to

nder the lagement le Com-ioners of iae.

ons intend - renlbve of the Ar-s enume-l to give ce of his ation and in a Permit.

to England respectively, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be allowed and paid, on the Removal of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland, the several Drawbacks of Excise also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said countervailing Duties and Drawbacks of Excise shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, sued for, and recovered, received, accounted for, and paid over, and the said Drawbacks shall be claimed, allowed, and paid, in the same Manner, and by the like Means, Methods, and Ways, and under the same Laws, Enactments, Clauses, Provisions, Rules, and Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as otherwise especially provided for by this Act,) as the other Duties and Drawbacks under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise are raised, levied, sued for, and recovered, applied, accounted for, and paid over, claimed, allowed, and paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall intend to ship any of the said Mixtures, Compounds, or Preparations, or Commodities, for Removal from Ireland to Scotland or England, or from Scotland to England, or from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland respectively, shall, Twelve Hours before shipping the same, give Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector of Excise or other proper Office^ of Excise appointed to receive the same at the Port of Shipment, setting forth and specifying in such Notice the Number of Casks or Packages, or Vessels or Utensils, intended to be so removed, and also the Mark and Number on each such Cask, Package, Vessel, or Utensil, and the Quantity and Description of the Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities contained in each, and the Name of the Vessel and the Master thereof by which and the Name of the Port or Place to which the same are to be removed, and the Name of the Person or Persons at such last-mentioned Port or Place to whom such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities are to be sent; and such Persons shall also, at the Foot or on the Back of every such Notice as aforesaid, request that a Permit may be granted for the Removal of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, in conformity with the Particulars thereof set forth and specified in such Notice; and the Collector or Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall be given shall on the Receipt thereof be authorized to examine or cause to be examined every such Cask, Package, Vessel, and Utensil, and the Marks and Numbers and Contents thereof, and ascertain the Truth of the Particulars in such Notice, and being satisfied thereof shall grant or cause to be granted a Permit for the Removal of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, expressing in such Permit, or by Indorsement thereof, the several Particulars aforesaid, of the Number of Casks, Packages, Vessels, or Utensils, and the Marks and Numbers thereof, and the Quantity and Description of the Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities contained in each, with the Names of the Persons

7 shipping

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 2.

3t

shipping the same and to whom the same are to be sent, and of the Vessel and the Master thereof by which and of the Port and Place from which and the Port or Place to which such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities are to be removed; and the Collector or other Officer granting such Permit shall forthwith transmit by Post a Duplicate thereof to the Collector or other principal Officer of Excise at the Port or Place, or nearest thereto, to which such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities are to be removed; and if any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities shall be found on board any Ship or Vessel in Ireland bound for England or Scotland, or on board any Ship or Vessel in Scotland bound for England, without such Notice of Shipment having been given, or not accompanied with such Permit as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs, and the Person who shall have shipped or caused to be shipped such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Consignee of any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities removed from Ireland into England or Scotland, or from Scotland into England, shall, on the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel at the Port or Place into which the same shall be brought, make due Entry with the Collector or other Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same at such Port or Place of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities on board such Ship or Vessel, and shall deliver to such Collector or other Officer the Permit for the Removal of the same, and shall pay to such Collector or other Officer the Duties due and payable on such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, according to the Provisions of this Act; and such Collector or other Officer, having examined or caused to be examined the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, and being satisfied that they are the same Casks, Packages, Vessels, or Utensils, Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities specified in the Permit, and having received the Duties payable thereon, shall deliver the same to the Proprietor, Consignee, or Agent making such Entry and producing such Permit as aforesaid; and if any of the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities shall be removed from Ireland to Scotland or England, or from Scotland to England, without being accompanied with such Permit as aforesaid, or if within Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel due Entry of any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities on board thereof shall not be made, and the Permit for the Removal thereof produced, or if any such Mixtures shall be removed from the Quay, Wharf, or Place where landed before the Duties thereon shall be duly paid, all such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs; and every Person who shall remove or aid or assist in removing any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities from Ireland into Scotland or England, or from Scotland into England, without such Permit as aforesaid, or who shall remove any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities from the

Quay,

On the Arrii of the Vesael England or Scotland, En to be made w the Collector other Officer Excise of the Articles on board, and tb Permit to be produced and duly paid.

ry to be le of Articles oved from (land to tland or Ire-1, or from tland to Ire-1, and Per-produced btain the iwback.

stems He-ations to ly to these deles.

Emulations as Drawbacks.

C. 72. 6« & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Quay, Whar£ or Place where landed before the Duties thereon shall have been paid, shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Consignee of any such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities removed from England into Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland into Ireland, on Drawback, shall, on the Arrival of the Skip or Vessel at the Port or Place into which the same shall be brought, make due Entry with the Collector of Excise or other Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same at such Port or Place of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities on board such Ship or Vessel, and shall deliver to such Collector or other Officer the Permit for the Removal of the same; and such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, having been duly landed, and examined by such Collector or other Officer, or by his Directions, and such Collector or Officer being satisfied that they are the same Casks, Packages, Vessels, or Utensils, Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities specified in the Permit, shall give a Debenture or Certificate to the Proprietor or Con* signee of the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities, making such Entry and producing such Permit, for the Amount of Drawback payable according to the Provisions of this Act on the Quantity of such Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities so brought into Scotland or Ireland respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Enactments, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating to Goods subject to Duties and Drawbacks of Excise removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland, contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Revenues of Customs, shall extend to and be in force in respect of the Removal of the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback under this Act shall be claimed or allowed on any Ether which shall be removed from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland, of a greater Specific Gravity than Seven hundred and fifty; nor shall any Sweet Spirits of Nitre be removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, of a less Specific Gravity than Eight hundred and fifty; nor shall any such Spirits of Nitre be removed from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland, on Drawback, of a greater Specific Gravity than Eight hundred and fifty; Water being taken for the Purpose of such Specific Gravities at One thousand at the Temperature of Sixty Degrees by Fahrenheit's Thermometer; and none of the Tinctures and Medicated Spirits not particularly denominated in the Schedule to this Act, but to be charged at the respective Duties and allowed the respective Drawbacks of Four Shillings and Two-pence, Five Shillings and Two-pence, and One Shilling for each Gallon thereof, shall be removed from Ireland into England or Scodand, or from Scotland into England, which shall contain more, nor shall any such Tinctures and Medicated Spirits, when removed from England to Scotland or Ireland, or from Scotland to Ireland, on Drawback, contain less than in the Proportion of One Gallon of Proof Spirit in every Gallon thereof;

and

A.D. 1839. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 72.

and none other of the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities in the said Schedule enumerated shall, when so removed as aforesaid, contain more, when removed from Ireland to England or Scotland or from Scotland to England or less when removed on Drawback, than in the Proportion of One Gallon and a Half of Proof Spirit for every Gallon thereof; all Ether, Spirits of Nitre, and all such Tinctures and Medicated Spirits, Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities which shall be so removed contrary to the Directions aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs; and any Drawback claimed thereon respectively shall also be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That none of the said Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities shall be removed from England to Scotland nor from Scotland to England otherwise than by Sea, on pain of the Forfeiture thereof, and Two hundred Pounds by the Person removing the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the said additional Duties of Excise on Excise Licences taken out by Retailers of Spirits imposed by the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits in England, Scotland or Ireland to warehouse any Spirits distilled in the Distillery of such Distiller, in Casks, which shall contain not less than Twenty Gallons each, subject to and under in all other respects the Rules, Regulations, Enactments, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in force in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively relating to the distilling, warehousing, and Removal of such Spirits.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying, or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Dudes in lieu thereof, and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty for Exportation, as prohibits Retailers of British Spirits from selling or sending out, or receiving, or having or keeping in their Stock, Custody, or Possession, any Spirits of Wine exceeding at one Time Ten Gallons, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof it shall be lawful for any Retailer of Spirits to sell or send out, receive, or have in his Stock, Custody, or Possession, any Quantity of Spirits of Wine, under the same Rules and Regulations and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are in and by the said Act prescribed and imposed in respect to Spirits of Wine sold or sent out or received by or kept in the Stock or Possession of a Dealer in Spirits.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign as enacts that so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of

Articles not be removed otherwise thi by Sea.

Duties of 4 & 5 W. 4. c. on Spirit Li cences repea

Distillers mi warehouse Spirits in Ci of not less tl 20 Gallons.

So much of 6 G. 4. c. 8< as prohibits tailers of Sp from having more than 1 Gallons of Spirits of Vi in Stock repealed.

2W. 4. C. 29. repealed, an 4 G. 4. c. 9-s. 100. revii

s

C. 72.

6° & 7 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183

r. 4.C. 29.S.5. cated.

of His Kate Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Com or Gram in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making suck Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, as provides and enacts, that if any Distiller who shall have given any such Notice of using malted Com only as aforesaid shall intend to commence or recommence to use unmalted Cora or Grain, or Malt mixed with unmalted Grain, at any Time when there shall not be any Wort or Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Time being at least One Calendar Month distant from the Time such Distiller began to use Malt only under any such Notice, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days previous Notice to the proper Officer, so to commence or recommence to use unmalted Grain; and such Distiller shall not thereafter be liable to any such Penalty aforesaid, or be entitled to any such Allowance; provided also, that if any Distiller using unmalted Corn and Grain shall be desirous of commencing or recommencing to use malted Corn only as aforesaid at any Time when there shall not be any Wort or Wash in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Time being at least One Calendar Month from the Time such Distiller shall have commenced or recommenced using unmalted Grain as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Distiller, on giving Six Days Notice as aforesaid, so to commence or recommence to use malted Corn only, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the said Enactment in the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth so repealed shall be and is hereby revived, and shall be in full Force as if the same had not been repealed: Provided always, that Distillers in Scotland and Ireland distilling from Malt only, and claiming the Allowance on the Spirits distilled by them, shall continue subject to all the other Regulations in the said recited Act of the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign not repealed by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign as enacts, that every Distiller who shall be licensed at the Time of the said Act commencing and taking effect, and who shall intend to use Malt only, and to claim the Allowance herein granted, shall within One Month after the Commencement of the said Act, and before he shall commence to brew any Wort or Wash, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise in charge of his Distillery, in which Notice shall be stated that such Distiller intends to use Malt only, not being mixed with any unmalted Corn or Grain whatever, during the Continuance of his Licence; and every Distiller who shall be licensed after the Commencement of the said Act, or who shall renew his Licence on the Expiration of any former Licence, and who shall intend to use Malt only, and to claim the said Allowance, shall, at the Time of taking out or renewing his Licence, give a like Notice to the Officer in charge of his Distillery; and no Allowance shall be granted or payable to any Distiller who shall not have given such Notice at the Times therein-before mentioned; and if any Distiller, having given any

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 72.

a

such Notice, shall withdraw the same, and commence to use raw Grain, which he may be allowed to do at any Time after the Expiration of One Month from the Date of such Notice, it shall not be lawful for such Distiller in such Distillery, or for any other Person licensed for the same Premises, to give any other Notice of his Intention to use Malt only, or to receive any Allowance in respect of Spirits distilled from Malt during the Remainder of the Year for which the Licence of such Distiller has been granted, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIV. And whereas Doubts are entertained whether Dealers in Spirits can lawfully receive and keep in Stock Foreign or Colonial Spirits at a less Strength than Seventeen per Cent. 4 under Proof; ' for obviating of which Doubts, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for any Dealer in Spirits, not being also a Retailer, to receive and keep in his Stock, and to sell, send out, and deliver to any other Dealer in Spirits, or to any Person not being a Retailer of Spirits, any Foreign or Colonial Spirits at any Degree of Strength, subject to the Regulations in other respects under which Dealers in Spirits can legally receive, keep, sell, send out, or deliver Spirits.

XV. And whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 4 An Act to amend the Laws relating to Excise Licences, and to 4 4 the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider, by Retail, in 4 4 Ireland, ' it is among other Things enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act no Person in Ireland who shall be duly licensed under any Act or Acts for granting Excise Licences to deal in or sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, or Pepper, 4 nor any Person deemed a Grocer within the Meaning of the Laws of the Excise in force in Ireland at or immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to take out any Licence to retail Spirits in the House or on the Premises of such Retailer, or in any House or on any Premises within One Quarter of a Mile of the House or Premises of such Retailer, other than a Licence to retail Spirits in Quantities not less at One 4 Time than One Pint, and to be consumed elsewhere than in the House or on the Premises of such Retailer, and any Licence to retail Spirits in any other Manner granted after, the passing of this Act to any such Grocer or Person so licensed as aforesaid shall be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And whereas it is expedient that the Operation of the said Provision should be suspended; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited shall be suspended and not come into operation, and that the several Laws of Excise with respect to the Grant of Excise Licences to retail Spirits to any Person or Persons duly licensed to deal in or sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, or Pepper, or to any Person deemed a Grocer within the Meaning of the Excise Laws in Ireland in force at or immediately before the passing of the said Act, shall continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; any thing in the said Act of the present Session to the contrary notwithstanding.

Regulations

to Foreign Spirits.

Operation of certain Part 6* 7W.4. c. suspended, ai former Excii Laws relative granting cert Licences to remain in foi

I C. 7 & 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

may be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed, ed this altered, or amended by any Act to be passed in this present Session

lon* of Parliament

SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

ARTICLES ENUMERATED, or every Gallon thereof removed

er

let Spirits of Nitre

lphorated Spirits

ender Water and other Per-lines, being Spirits scented ith Essential Oils, Flowers, or ther Ingredients

lpound Spirits of Lavender

its of Rosemary

its of Ammonia

volatile -

irs Balsam

lpound Tincture of Benzoin

cture of Assafoetida

cture of Castor

cture of Kino

cture of Guiacum

cture of Myrrh

cture of Ginger

rit Varnishes

Ler Tinctures and Medicated ipirits -

eets or Made Wines

Countervailing Duties.

From Scotland to England.

8. d.

0 10 5

0 6 3

0 4 2 0 0 5

From Ireland to England.

£ 8. d.

0 12 11

0 .7 9

0 5 2 0 0 6

From Ireland to Scotland.

£ i.

0 2

<L

6

0 16

0 1 0 0 0 2

ARTICLES

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 72, 78«

3

ARTICLES ENUMERATED.

Countervailing Drawbacks.

For every Gallon thereof removed

Ether

From England to Scotland.

£ M. d. 0 10 5

From England to Ireland.

From Scotlai to Ireland.

sS S. d. 0 12 11

je s. d

0 2 6

Sweet Spirits of Nitre

Camphorated Spirits

Lavender Water and other Perfumes, being Spirits scented with Essential Oils, Flowers, or other Ingredients

Compound Spirits of Lavender -

Spirits of Rosemary

Spirits of Ammonia

Salvolatile -

Friars Balsam -

0 6 3

a 7 9

0 1 6

Compound Tincture of Benzoin Tincture of Assafoetida

Tincture of Castor

Tincture of Kino ...

Tincture of Guiacum

Tincture of Myrrh

Tincture of Ginger

Spirit Varnishes -

Other Tinctures and Medicated Spirits - - .

Sweets or Made Wines

0 4 2 0 0 5

0 5 2 0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 2

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of July next, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth '"Years of 5&cW.4. c. His present Majesty, relating to the Dispatch of Business done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

[13th August 1836.]

6 & 7 Gul. IV.

Bb

C. 74.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Office of Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, and Offices of Usher, Six Clerks, and Cursitor of Court of Chancery, abolished.

Appointment of new Clerk of Crown and Hanaper: hia Salary and Duties.

Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper to employ Two Clerks, and receive and account for Fees named in 4 G. 4. c. 61.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to abolish certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the Performance of the Duties thereof.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Offices herein-after mentioned should be abolished, and Provisions made for the due Performance of the Duties thereunto belonging, and that other Offices connected with the said Court should be regulated, and that such of the Duties performed in the Offices so to be abolished as are necessary to be continued should be transferred to other Offices:' Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper in Ireland shall utterly cease from and after the Determination of the existing Interest of the present Possessor of the said Office; and that the Offices of Usher of the said Court of Chancery, of Six Clerks of the said Court, and the Office of Cursitor of the said Court, shall be and the same are hereby abolished: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive the present Usher of the Fees of Poundage which he is now by Law entitled to receive, but that he shall receive the same as heretofore, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon such Determination of the Interest of the present Possessor of the said Office of Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under His and Their Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint a fit Person to be Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, and so from Time to Time as a Vacancy may occur therein; and that such Person so to be nominated and appointed shall hold the said Office during good Behaviour, notwithstanding the Demise of His Majesty or of any of His Heirs and Successors; and that the Persons so to be appointed to such Office shall receive and be paid a Salary of Six hundred Pounds per Annum, and shall and they are hereby required personally to do and perform all such Matters and Things necessary and proper in the due Execution of the Business of the said Office, and as have been heretofore done and performed by the Deputy of the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper shall and may employ Two Clerics in his Office, to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, to aid in the Discharge of the Duties thereof, at the respective Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds and One hundred Pounds per Annum; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper to receive and take all and every the Fees and Emoluments mentioned and set forth in the Table, Number Ten, annexed to an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland; and that the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper shall be at liberty thereout to retain his Salary, and to pay the respective Salaries to the said Clerks, and

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 871

other incidental and necessary Expences of the said Office, to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor; and that such Fees and Emoluments shall be accounted for on Oath once in every Quarter before One of the Masters of the said Court, and the Balance, if any, paid into the Bank of Ireland within Fourteen Days from the End of every Quarter, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be by him placed to an Account to be intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account"; and in case such Fees shall not be sufficient to pay the several Salaries, and the other incidental Expences of the said Office, the Deficiency shall be paid out of the Monies standing to the Credit of the Suitors Fee Fund Account

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be an Officer to be called the " Clerk of the Affidavits who shall do and perform all the Duties heretofore done and performed by the Usher of the Court or his Deputy; and that there shall be One Assistant Clerk to the said Clerk of the Affidavits, with One or more Scrivenary Clerks as shall appear necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of the Office, to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor; and that Charles Hogan Esquire, one of the present Six Clerks, shall be such Clerk of Affidavits, and Simon Haddock such Assistant Clerk; and that upon the happening of a Vacancy in the Office of Clerk of Affidavits or Assistant Clerk, the Lord Chancellor shall appoint some fit Person thereto, by Writing under his Hand, to be entered in the Registrar's Office of the said Court; and such Clerk of Affidavits shall be allowed out of the Fees to be received the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, the Assistant Clerk the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, and the Scrivenary Clerk or Clerks such Salary or Salaries or Allowances as the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time shall direct; and that such Clerk of Affidavits and his Clerk shall and may take and receive such Fees as are now receivable by the Usher, (save and except the Poundage on Cash paid out of Court,) and the said Clerk of Affidavits shall and may thereout retain and deduct the respective Sums hereby made payable to him and the Assistant Clerk respectively, together with such other Sum for the Salaries or Allowances to the Scrivenary Clerks, and the incidental and necessary Expences of the Office, as the Lord Chancellor may from Time to Time allow, and shall account for such Fees in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and that in ascertaining and fixing the Compensation of the said Charles Hogan under the Provisions of this Act, in relation to the said Office of Six Clerk so abolished as aforesaid, due Regard shall be had to the said Office of Clerk of Affidavits, to which the said Charles Hogan has been so appointed under this Act in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the Duty of such Clerk of Affidavits to cause every Copy of Affidavit to be duly compared with the Original from which it shall be made before he shall attest the same, and that such Clerk of Affidavits shall be responsible for the Accuracy of every Copy so attested by him.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order to provide for such of the Duties heretofore performed by and in the Office of the Six Clerks as are necessary to be continued, and also for the

Appointment of Clerk of the Affidavits and One Assistant, with Scrivenary Clerks; their Salaries and Duties.

Clerk of Affidavits to compare and attest Copies of Affidavits.

Appointment of Two Clerks in Court, and Clerk of Ap-

872

C. 74.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

pearances and Writs, with Two Assist&Dt?.

Lord Chancellor and Master of the Rolls to make Rules for Performance of Duties of abolished Officers.

Writ of Subpoena to be an open Writ, and sealed with the Seal of the Clerk of Appearances and its.

Duties which now are performed in the Office of Cursitor of the Court, there shall be the several Officers following; videlicet. Two Officere, to be called " Clerks in Court," whose Duty it shall be, one to attend the Lord Chancellor's Court, and the other the Rolls Court, for the Purpose of reading all Documents necessary to be read in Court, and discharging such other Duties as shall be prescribed to them under the general Orders to be made by the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, in manner herein-after enacted; and an Officer to be called " Clerk of the Appearances and Writs "; and that there shall be Two Assistant Clerks to the said Clerk of the Appearances and Writs; and that John William Ball and Henry Darley Esquires, Two of the present Six Clerks, shall be Clerks in Court, and Yelverton Dawson Esquire, one other of the present Six Clerks, Clerk of the Appearances and Writs, and Nicholas Keatinge Esquire and John Albert Mons the Assistant Clerks; and that on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of the said several Officers, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up from Time to Time by the Master of the Rolls, by an Appointment in Writing, to be entered in the Registrar's Office; and that in ascertaining and fixing the Compensation to the said John William Ball, Henry Darley, and Yelverton Dawson, due Regard shall be had to the said Offices to which they have been so respectively appointed under this Act; but that it shall be lawful for the said John William Ball, Henry Darley, Yelverton Dawson, and Charles Hogan to retire from their said Offices; and, in the event of their so doing, that they shall be entitled to be paid the same Amount of annual Compensation to which they would have been entitled in case they had not accepted Office under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of the several Officers, and such of the Duties of the said Six Clerks as may be necessary to be performed by any of the other Officers of the Court, or by the Solicitors of the Parties, shall be performed in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the Lord Chancellor, by and with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, shall by any General Rules or Orders to be issued for that Purpose order or direct; and that all Notices, Summonses, Orders, and other Matters which have heretofore been served by and on the said Six Clerks shall be served by and on the Solicitors of the Parties, save where it shall be otherwise directed by such General Rules or Orders to be issued as aforesaid; and such Solicitors shall be entitled to charge such Fee for such Duties as the Lord Chancellor, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, shall by General Order fix and determine; and that the Signature by the Solicitor to all Pleadings and Documents heretofore required to be signed by the Six Clerk shall be deemed and taken as sufficient

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs shall provide a Seal, in such Form and with such Impression as the Lord Chancellor shall approve of; and that the Solicitor for the Party desirous of issuing a Writ of Subpoena may prepare such Subpoena, and present the same to the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs for sealing, and the same shall henceforth

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 373

be an open Writ, and either in the present Form or any other Form which the Lord Chancellor may from Time to Time direct, and such Writ shall, upon Presentment thereof for that Purpose, be forthwith sealed with such Seal, and shall have the same Force and Validity as a Writ of Subpoena now has when sealed with the Great Seal; and there shall hereafter be paid to the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs for each such Subpoena, on the same being sealed, such Sum as the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, shall from Time to Time order and direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs shall receive, in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, shall by General Order from Time to Time direct, the Fees which by Law are now receivable by the Six Clerks, or so many of such Fees as shall be deemed necessary for the Purpose of paying the Salaries hereby made payable thereout to the several Officers, and of forming a Fund for making Compensation to such Six Clerks, and shall also receive the Fees now receivable by the Cursitor of the said Court, and shall and may thereout pay and retain the several annual Sums following; that is to say, to the Two Clerks in Court the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds each, the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, to the First Assistant Clerk the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and to the Second Assistant Clerk the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, together with such other Sum for the incidental and necessary Expences of their Offices respectively as the Lord Chancellor may from Time to Time allow; and such Clerk of Appearances and Writs shall account for such Fees in manner herein-after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Affidavits and the Clerk of the Appearances and Writs shall respectively pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Accountant General, such Sums of Money as they shall respectively receive, at such Periods and under such Regulations as the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time by any General Order direct; and that they shall respectively account on Oath once in every Quarter before , One of the Masters of the said Court for all Fees and Sums of Money received and paid by them respectively, and shall pay the Balance thereof into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Accountant General, within Fourteen Days from the End of every Quarter; and all such Sums of Money when so paid in shall be from Time to Time placed to the Account of the " Suitors Fee Fund Account".

XI. And whereas it is expedient that the Office of the Registrars of the said Court should be regulatedtherefore be it enacted, That the Establishment of the Registrars Office shall consist of Two Registrars, One Assistant Registrar, and Six Clerks, and such a Number of Scrivenary Clerks as the Service of the said Office shall require, and as shall be approved of by the Lord Chancellor; and that Francis Prendergast and Charles O'Keefe Esquires shall continue to be such Registrars, and Robert Long Esquire shall be the Assistant Registrar, and Yelverton O' Keefe, John Kelly, William Young, Robert Levy, John Cotinor, and

Clerk of Appearances and Writs to receive the Fees now payable to the Six Clerks and Cursitor, and thereout defray Salaries, Ac.

Clerks of Affidavits and of Appearances and Writs to account quarterly for Monies received by them, &c.

New Establishment of the Registrars Office.

374

C. 74.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Duties of Registrars and Assistant Res gistrar.

Registrars to receive Fees, and to pay the Salaries of Assistant Registrar and Clerks.

Limitation of Salaries of Registrars.

Thomas Battley shall be continued as such Clerks, and that Frond* Whelan and John Kelly junior shall act as Assistant Clerks in the said Office; and that upon the happening of a Vacancy in the Office of either of the said Registrars, such Vacancy shall be filled up by the Assistant Registrar; and that upon a Vacancy happening in the Office of Assistant Registrar, the same shall be filled up by the Chief Clerk, if no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made; and in that Case if the Lord Chancellor shall not consider him to be qualified, then the Lord Chancellor shall, until after mentioned, appoint some proper Person to be AssistanLRegistrar; and as Vacancies may occur in the Office of any of the present Clerks or Assistant Clerks, such Vacancies shall not be filled up until the whole Number of Clerks be reduced to Six; and upon a Vacancy happening after the Number shall be reduced to Six, the Lord Chancellor shall appoint some proper Person to fill the Office, and so from Time to Time until the whole of the present Clerks shall be removed; and when a new Succession of Clerks shall be so appointed, then and in that Case, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of them, other than the junior Clerk, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up by the Clerk next in Seniority to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made; and that on all future Vacancies in the Office of junior Clerk the Lord Chancellor shall appoint some proper Person to be such junior Clerk; and that upon a Vacancy happening in the Office of Assistant Registrar after the whole Number of Clerks shall have been appointed by the Lord Chancellor under this Act, then such Vacancy shall be filled up by the senior Clerk in the said Office for the Time being to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Registrars shall attend the Court of the Lord Chancellor and the Court of the Master of the Rolls as heretofore; and that the Duty of the Assistant Registrar shall be to attend and superintend the general Business of the Office; and such Assistant Registrar shall be and he is hereby empowered to countersign the Drafts of the Accountant General, and to sign Official Documents, and to do all official Acts necessary in the Execution of the Duties of the Office, in the same Manner as the said Registrars are authorized to do.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrars of the said Court shall receive the Fees and Emoluments which they are now or which at any Time hereafter they shall be authorized to receive, mid shall thereout pay to the said Assistant Registrar the Salary or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds and to the present Clerks to the said Registrars the several Salaries or yearly Sums set opposite to 1 their respective Names or Titles in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and to all future Clerks to be appointed under and in pursuance of this Act the several Salaries or yearly Sums set forth in jthe Second Schedule to this Act annexed; and the Residue of such Fees shall be appropriated as herein-after directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case such Fees, after Payment of the several Salaries aforesaid, and such Sum as the Lord Chancellor for the Time being may allow for Books, Paper,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 375

Scrivenary Clerks, and other incidental and necessary Expences of the said Office, shall exceed in Amount the clear Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum to each of the present Registrars, and One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum to any future Registrar to be appointed, such Excess shall be paid over as after mentioned; and that any Person to be hereafter appointed Registrar on the happening of a Vacancy in the Office of either of the present Registrars, the Fees and Emoluments of such future Registrar shall be limited to the clear Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum.

XV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Fees and Emoluments of the Registrars for the Time being they shall every Quarter in the Year, beginning on the Quarter next after the Commencement of this Act, account on Oath before One of the Masters of this Court for all Fees and Sums of Money received by them or for their Use, and of the Sums from Time to Time paid by them thereout for Salaries to the several Officers aforesaid, and for other official Expences to be allowed as aforesaid; and whenever and so often as it shall appear by such Account that the Sums received by or payable to such Registrars in any One Quarter of a Year shall exceed the clear Sum of Five hundred Pounds to each of the present Registrars, or of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds to any future Registrar to be* appointed (after deducting thereout the Salaries and Expences aforesaid) , the said Registrars shall, within Fourteen Days next after every such Quarter of a Year, pay the Amount of such Excess into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be placed by him to the Account to be intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account".

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear by the said Account that the Sums received by or for the Use of the Registrars in respect of their said Office in any One Quarter, after making the Deductions herein-before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to each of the present Registrars, and Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds to any future Registrar, the Deficiency shall be paid to them by the said Accountant General out of the Monies standing to the Credit of "The Suitors Fee Fund Account".

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall hereafter appear to the Lord Chancellor that the Business of any of the Offices of the said Court cannot be discharged with due Dispatch without the Assistance of an additional Clerk or Clerks, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to direct that One or more additional Clerk or Clerks shall be appointed, with such Salary and Salaries as he shall deem proper, to be paid out of the Funds of the respective Offices to which such Clerk or Clerks shall be appointed; and such additional Clerk or Clerks shall be appointed by the Judge for the Time being who may have the Right of appointing the other Clerks in the said Office.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Illness or other necessary Cause of Absence it shall be lawful for any of 'the Officers filling the respective Offices herein-before mentioned, from Time to Time as Occasion may require, to appoint a Deputy, such

B b i ' Deputy,

Registrars to account quarterly for Fees received by them.

For making good Deficiency in Registrars Salaries.

For Appointment of additional Clerks.

Officers may appoint Deputies in case of Illness.

376

C. 74.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Officers not to act as Attornies or Solicitors on pain of Dis-missil.

Fee of 6d. in the Pound payable to the Usher to continue till Cessation of the Compensation to Officers.

Surplus of Suitors Fee Fund to be invested in Government Stock.

Deputy, and also the Occasion for such Appointment, to be first approved by the Judge on whom it shall be the Duty of such Officer to attend, upon a Petition, to be verified by Affidavit, for such Time and under such Regulations as the Judge shall direct; and no Such Appointment of a Deputy shall continue for any longer Time than shall be allowed and specified in and by the Order which shall be made on such Petition; and that such Deputy shall be paid out of the Salary or Fees of such Officer such Sum as shall be directed by the said Order.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person who shall be appointed to hold any of the Offices of the said Court to act or practise, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Law or Equity in Ireland; and in case it shall appear, by Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor, that any such Officer or Person shall directly or indirectly, by himself or any other Person in Partnership with or in Trust for him, act as such Attorney or Solicitor, the Lord Chancellor shall and may thereupon remove him from his Office.

XX. And whereas it may be found expedient that the Fee of Sixpence in the Pound payable to the Usher of the Court of 1 Chancery, or some Portion thereof, should continue to be paid after the Death of the present Usher, in aid of the Fund for ' providing Compensation for the several Officers aforesaid be it enacted, That such Fee of Sixpence in the Pound now payable to the Usher shall he continued to be deducted by the Accountant General during the Life of the Honourable Richard Hobart Fitz- gibbon, the present Usher, and he .paid over to him; and that in case after his Death the Lord Chancellor shall consider it necessary that the said Fee or any Portion thereof shall be continued for the Purpose of providing a Fund for the Payment of the Compensation to be made to the said Officers or any of them, it shall be lawful for him to make an Order for continuing the Payment of said Fee or any Portion thereof for any Period he may think necessary, and from Time to Time to vary such Order as he may think fit; and the Accountant General shall during the Period specified in said Order place the Sums received in pursuance thereof to the Credit of the said Account to be intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account," any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always however, that whenever the Compensation to be made to the several Officers aforesaid shall cease to be payable, and the Sums, if any, advanced out of the Consolidated Fund in aid thereof shall have been repaid, the said Fee shall absolutely cease and he abolished.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any surplus Monies standing in the Name of the Accountant General to the Account aforesaid, after paying and providing for the several Charges thereon, shall from Time to Time be laid out and invested by the Accountant General, either in one entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in Government Stock, and such Stock shall be placed to the like Account, and such surplus Funds shall be subject to the same Purposes, as the original Funds with which the same were purchased.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 377

XXII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear that the Monies and Securities standing to the Account to be intituled The Suitors Fee Fund Account," together with the Interest and Dividends thereof, and the Fees expectant and to be payable to such Account, shall be more than sufficient to answer and pay the several Salaries and other Payments for the Time being chargeable thereon, and to repay such Sum, if any, as may have been advanced out of the Consolidated Fund in aid thereof, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to abolish any Fee, or to reduce other Fees, as may to the said Lord Chancellor from Time to Time seem fit, and as the Compensations payable thereout may cease.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, after reciting that it was reasonable and just that the Six Clerks of the said Court, being

Purchasers of and entitled to sell at pleasure their respective Offices, should receive for any Diminution of annual Income, ' and also for any Depreciation of Purchase Value of their Offices, 4 full and adequate Compensation, and also that such of the other Officers of the said Court as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury there in-after provided should think entitled thereto

should also receive Compensation for lawful Fees and Emoluments diminished or taken away, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant under their Hands to order and direct that such Compensation should be made to the said Six 4 Clerks respectively, and to such other Officers who then held Office in or belonging to the said Court, as the said Commissioners in their Discretion should deem just and reasonable; and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that the several and respective Sums for Compensation should be paid and payable out of the Account called An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Compensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery in Irelandas far as the same would extend; and in case the Suitors Fund should be inadequate to the Payment of the whole Amount of Compensation, the Amount beyond what could be satisfied out of the Suitors Fund should be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that if any of the Six Clerks should sell his said Office, it should be lawful for him, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after such Sale, to apply to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for Compensation for the Diminution of Value of his Office, and in such Case it should be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct that such annual or other Compensation should be made to the Six Clerks as they should deem just and reasonable; and all such Compensation, 4 whether annual or in gross, should be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Six Clerks being deprived of their Offices by virtue of this Act, they are now entitled to be paid Compensation as well in respect of their

4 Right

When Suitors Fee Fund is more than sufficient for answering Salaries, 8cc. the Chancellor may abolish any Fee.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 78.

878

C. 74.

6.° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Compensation to be made to the Six Clerks, Usher, and Cursitor, and Account laid before Parliament.

Treasury may refer Claims for Compensations to Commissioners according to 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 78.

Out of what Fund Compensations to be paid.

Right of Sale of their said Offices as in respect of their annual ' Income derived therefrom: And whereas it is reasonable and fit ' that Compensation should also be made to the Usher and also ' to the Cursitor of this Court be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to order or direct such Compensation in gross to be made to the said Six Clerks, for such their Right of Sale of their said Offices, and also to order or direct such Compensation to be made to the said Six Clerks and Persons for such annual Loss as they shall respectively sustain by reason of the Provisions of this Act, as shall be just and reasonable; and such Compensation shall be issued and paid and payable in manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that such Compensation to the Cursitor for his Loss of Office shall be regulated by the average annual Amount of the Emoluments of the said Office for Three Years next preceding the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and that an Account of all such Compensation shall, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be so granted, be laid upon the Table of the House of Commons, if Parliament shall be then assembled, or if Parliament shall not be then assembled, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting of Parliament then next following; and provided further, that the Compensation to be made to the Usher shall not exceed the annual Amount of the Income of his Office on an Average of the Five Years next preceding the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, or be less than Three Fourths of such Amount.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better enabling of His Majesty's Treasury to form a correct Judgment of the Nature and Amount of the Compensations which it may be reasonable and proper to make to the said Officers for their Loss of Office or diminished Income under this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think fit, to refer all Claims for Compensations to Commissioners, as in the said before-recited Act they are authorized to do with respect to Claims thereunder.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums as and for Compensation which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall by Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid order and direct to be paid to any Officer shall be paid and payable to the Officer or Officers named in such Warrant or Warrants, in the first place out of the Funds standing to the Credit of the Account called " An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Compensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery in Ireland as far as the same will extend, and, in the next place, out of the Funds which may be standing to the Credit of "The Suitors Fee Fund Account"; and in case both the said Funds shall be inadequate to the Payment of the whole of such Compensation to be given under this Act the Amount of the Compensation beyond what can be so satisfied shall be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, without any Fee or Deduction whatsoever; and every such Sum as and for

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 879

annual Compensation to be issued in pufsuanoe of this Act shall be payable and paid quarterly on every Twentieth Day of January,

Twentieth Day of April, Twentieth Day of July, and Twentieth Day of October, the first Payment thereof to be made on the first of said quarterly Days which shall next follow the Day of the Commencement of this Act

XXVI. And whereas the Office of Six Clerk in the Court of Compensation Chancery of Ireland will be abolished by the Provisions of this to Persons in Act whereby the several Persons now acting as Clerks in said *Jje Cle, J> 4 Offices (many of whom have been acting therein for a Series ' of Years) will be deprived of Employment in such Situations; offices.

andit is just and reasonable that Compensation should be made to such Persons for the Loss of their several Situations, and also to the Clerk now employed in the Office of the Cursitor, and to 4 Mr. David Daly and Joseph Whelan, Clerks employed in the Office of the Registrars, for the Loss of their Offices by reason of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Masters of said Court or any Two or more of them to Inquire into, by Examination on Oath or otherwise, (which Oath they are hereby authorized to administer,) and ascertain the annual Amount of the lawful Fees, Salaries, and Emoluments of such Clerks in the Six Clerks Office received by them respectively for the Three Years preceding Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, or for Three Years next preceding the Commencement of this Act, at the Option of said Clerks or any of them, and in case of the said Cursitor s Clerk, for Three Years ending Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and in case of the said Clerks in the Registrars Office, for Three Years ending on the Day of the Commencement of this Act; and they are hereby required forthwith to ascertain the Amounts thereof respectively, and to certify the same, in Writing under their Hands, to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to order to all and every of said Clerks who shall be so deprived of Employment in said Offices as aforesaid an annual Sum or Sums to be paid out of The Suitors Fee Fund Account," and that such annual Sum or Sums shall be paid and payable to such Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, during the Term of his or their natural Life or Lives, by Four quarterly Payments in each and every Year, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on every Twentieth Day of January, the Twentieth Day of April, the Twentieth Day of July, and the Twentieth Day of October, the first Payment thereof to be made on the first of said Days which shall next happen after the Commencement of this Act, and also such Proportion of any such quarterly Payments as at the Time of the Decease of any such Person or Persons shall be due from the Quarter Day next preceding the Time of such Decease:

Provided always, that the annual Sum so to be payable to any of said Clerks shall not exceed Two Thirds of the average annual

Amount

8 & 7 GULIELMI IV.

Provision for Payment of annual Allowance to John Daly.

Compensation to certain

Officers to be ordered by Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Treasury.

C. 74.

A.D. 1836.

Amount of the Sums received by them respectively as such Clerks for the Periods aforesaid.

XXVII. And whereas John Daly, who held for many Years the Office of Chief Clerk in the Registrars Office, became unable, in consequence of a severe Illness, to discharge the Duties of said Office, and has received for some Years an annual Allowance of

Four hundred Pounds, which is paid as follows; that is to say, Two hundred Pounds thereof by Yelverton O'Keefe, the present Chief Clerk, One hundred Pounds thereof by Francis Prendergast, one of the present Registrars, and One hundred Pounds (thereof by Charles O'Keefe, the other Registrar; and it is expedient to provide that such annual Allowance shall continue to be paid during the Life of the said John Daly, in case he shall survive any of said Persons be it enacted, That in case the said John Daly shall survive the said Francis Prendergast, Charles O'Keefe, or Yelverton O'Keefe, the Person who shall be appointed to any Office which shall become vacant by the Death of any of them shall continue to pay to the said John Daly during his Life so much of the said annual Allowance as the Person so dying has usually paid as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And whereas by said last-recited Act it was enacted

that it should be lawful for every Officer claiming Compensation

as therein mentioned, on the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and on every succeeding First Day of Hilary Term, and for One Month thereafter in ' each Year respectively, so long as the said Officer should hold his Office, to make out and render to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury an Account in Writing, to be verified as therein mentioned, of the gross and net Emoluments of said Office and of the Disbursements thereof ' in such Form and with such Particulars of Receipt as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them should require, and that the Lord High Treasurer or said Commissioners as ' aforesaid should ascertain as they should |think proper the gross and net Income of such Office, and also the Disbursements ' thereof, for and during the Year for which such Account should be rendered, and the Amount of Compensation to which he or ' they should deem such Officer entitled for and during said Year: And whereas inasmuch as by the Operation of this Act 4 the Offices now held by some of said Officers entitled to Compensation under the Provisions of the said recited Act will be abolished, and they will thereby be rendered incapable of making ' the Returns directed by said Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Officers as may be disenabled by the Provisions of this Act from making the Returns directed by said recited Act to make or cause to be made out and render to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Accounts in the Form and with such Particulars of Receipt and Expenditure as is directed by said recited Act for the Portion of the Year intervening between the First Day of last Hilary Term and the Day of this Act coining into operation, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners as aforesaid shall ascertain as they shall think proper the Compensation to which he

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74. 381

or they shall deem such Officer entitled for and during the said Portion of the Year, and that it shall be lawful for such Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to order and direct such Compensation to be made to said Officers for such Portion of the Year as aforesaid as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in their Discretion shall deem just and reasonable.

XXIX. And whereas John Brenan, one of the Six Clerks of said Court, is now, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and an Act of Parliament of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, to amend said Act, entitled to be paid out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund an annual Compensation for a Diminution of the Emoluments of his Office, occasioned by the Provisions of said Acts, 4 the Amount of which Compensation is to be ascertained annually as mentioned in said Act: And whereas the said John Brenan will cease to hold his said Office under the Provisions of this Act, and on that Account it will not be practicable to ascertain the annual Amount of the Compensation to be paid to him under said Acts in the Manner therein mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That the Sum of Nine hundred and fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Five-pence present Currency, equivalent to the Sum of One thousand and thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence Halfpenny of late Irish Currency, which was the Sum payable to him in the Year ending One thousand eight hundred "and thirty-four as and for his Compensation under the said before-mentioned Acts, shall from and after the Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five be taken to be the Amount of the annual Compensation payable to him under said Acts, and shall be paid to him out of the Consolidated Fund at the Times and Manner as directed by said Acts with respect to Officers who have heretofore sold their respective Offices under said Acts.

XXX. And whereas under the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament recently passed, and certain Rules for regulating the Practice of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, the Duties of the Clerk of Enrolments may be considerably increased; be it enacted, That if it shall appear reasonable and proper to the Lord Chancellor and Master of the Rolls to direct any Remuneration to be paid to such Clerk, in addition to the Salary now payable to him, it shall be lawful for them to order, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that such annual Sum, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, as they shall think reasonable shall be paid to such Clerk, for the Performance of such additional Services, out of the Compensation and Suitors Fee Fund Account for such Period as they shall think fit

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be made under or by virtue of this Act shall be subject to the Payment of Ushers Poundage; And

pro-

As to Compensation to John Brenan under 4G.4. c. 61. and 6 G. 4. c. SO.

Lord Chancellor and Master of the Rolls may direct Remuneration to Clerk of Enrolments for increased Duties.

Payments, &c. of Money not subject to Usher's Pound age, &c.

C. 74.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

So much of 4 G. 4. c. 61* as is inconsistent with this Act repealed, and such Parts as are applicable to extend to it.

Extraordinary Commissioners may take Acknowledgments.

Commission of Bankrupt issued after 1st July 1836 to have the same Effect as if issued before that Day.

Same Powers to Lord Keeper, Sec. as to Lord Chancellor.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

provided also, that every Order to be made for the Transfer, Investment, or Payment of any Money under this Act or any of the Provisions thereof shall be free of and discharged from the Payment of any Fee whatsoever to any Officer of the said Court

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said herein-before recited Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court (f Chancery in Ireland, as shall be inconsistent with any of the Clauses or Provisions of this Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that so many and such Part and Parts of the Clauses and Enactments of the said recited Act as may be applicable to the several Officers appointed and to be appointed under this Act shall extend and be construed to extend and be applied to such Officers respectively, as fully and effectually as if such Clauses and Enactments had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all extraordinary Commissioners of the Court of Chancery, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to take in England or Scotland the Acknowledgment of Recognizances by Parties and others in Suits and Matters depending in the said Court in such and the same Manner as the Masters in Ordinary of the Court of Chancery may now take according to the Practice of the said Court respectively.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Commission of Bankrupt issued or to be issued in Ireland after the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, founded on any Trading or Act of Bankruptcy carried on or committed prior to the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, shall have the same Force and Effect as if such Commission had issued prior to the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six; and that in every Case the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors may prove his or their Debt or Debts before the Commissioner of Bankrupt in Ireland in the same. Manner as all other Creditors of the Bankrupt are permitted to prove their Debts respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal respectively, for the Time being.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the Twentieth Day of October next.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 74, 75.

383

SCHEDULES to which tins Act refers. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Clerks to the Registrars.

Yelverton O'Keefe, Chief Clerk

John Kelly

William Young

Robert Levy

John Connor

Thomas B&ttley -

Assistant Clerks.

Francis Whelan John Kelly, junr

Salary.

sSSOO per Annum. 300 -

130 -

100 -

100 -

100 -

100

100

SECOND SCHEDULE.

The First Clerk to the Registrars Second Third Fourth Fifth

Sixth -

Salary. a£400 per Annum. 300 -

200 -

150 -

150 -

100 -

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction and regulate the Pro* ceedings of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

[13th August 1836.)

WHEREAS Proceedings by Civil Bill, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the

4 Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

4 Third, for the better and more convenient Administration of

4 Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary

4 Way at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at

large within Ireland (except the County of Dublin) , and the several Acts in force in Ireland amending and extending the

4 Provisions of the said Act, have been found very beneficial, and

it is expedient to enlarge the present Jurisdiction of the Civil

Bill Courts in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Assistant Bar-

from and after the Commencement of this Act the respective risteratobcar

Assistant Barristers in Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized

and empowered to hear and determine, within their respective not exceeding

Jurisdictions, all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party 20L

for any Sum or Damages not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling

in all Cases of Debt, Covenant, Assumpsit, Actions on the Case

upon Assumpsit or Promises (Penal Covenants, Breach of Promise

of Marriage, only excepted,) Trover, Conversion, Trespass for

Goods taken or Detinue, or for any Sum not exceeding Ten

Pounds in all other Cases whatsoever, (Slander, Libel, Deceit, and

Criminal Conversation with a Man's Wife only excepted,) and also

384

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Jurisdiction as to Lands.

Service of Civil Bill in such Cases.

As to Recovery* of Lands.

Jurisdiction in Replevin Cases.

also all Cases for the Recovery of any Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds imposed or to be imposed by any Act of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assistant Barristers in Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine, within their respective Jurisdictions, all Disputes and Differences respecting the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held under any Grant, Lease, or other Instrument for any Term or Interest the Duration or Extent'whereof, when originally granted or created, did not exceed Three Lives, without any Provision for the Renewal thereof, or a Term of Sixty-one Years determinable on Three Lives, or a Term of Sixty-one Years absolute, and the yearly Rent reserved or payable in respect whereof, under such Grant, Lease, or other Instrument, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and in respect of which no Fine exceeding Fifty Pounds was paid on the granting or Execution of such Grant, Lease, or other Instrument; and every Person claiming such Possession may proceed by Civil Bill in the Court for the County, Division, or District wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be situate, for Recovery of such Possession; and every such Civil Bill shall specify the Name and Residence of the Claimant, and the Description of the Property sought to be recovered, and the Barony or Parish in which the same is situate, and shall require the Persons in Possession of or claiming any Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to appear before the Assistant Barrister, on a Day and at a Place to be therein mentioned, to answer the said Civil Bill.

III. And be it enacted, That every such Claimant as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required to serve the Persons who shall be in the actual Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments specified in and claimed by any such Civil Bill, and also such other Person or Persons (if any) as shall be interested in the same or in any Part thereof, with such Civil Bill Thirty Dqys at least before the Commencement of the Sessions in which such Civil Bill is to be heard and determined; and if there be not any Person in the actual Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then the affixing of such Civil Bill to or upon some conspicuous Part of the Premises so claimed, and upon the Door of the Church and of every Protestant Chapel (if any) , and also upon the Door of every Roman Catholic Chapel (if any) , in the Parish, Place, or District wherein the said Premises shall be situated, shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Service of such Civil Bill.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Actions and Proceedings brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under or by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to make an Order or Decree for the delivering up Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the Party entitled thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assistant Barristers in Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine, within their respective Jurisdictions, all Actions of Replevin relating to Distresses for Rent

C. 75.

385

between Landlord and Tenant, where the Rent for or in respect of which any Distress shall be or ought to have been made shall not exceed Fifty Pounds in Amount or Value.

VI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Distresses for Rent the Person making any such Distress shall deliver to the Person in Possession of the Premises for the Rent of which such Distress shall be made, 6r in case there shall not be any Person found in Possession shall affix on some conspicuous Part of such Premises, a Particular ill Writing of the Rent demanded, specifying the Amount theredf, the Time or Times when the same accrued, and the Person by whom or by whose Authority such Distress is made.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff for the Time being for every County in Ireland shall, within Ten Days after he shall be sworn in as Sheriff, depute a sufficient Number of Persons in each County to act as Replevingers in case of Distresses for Rent, so as that there shall be at least One such Replevinger in every Town wherein General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace are held; and for every Refusal or Neglect to appoint within Ten Days a sufficient Number of Persons to act as Replevingers as aforesaid, and also for every Month during which there shall not be One such Replevinger in each such Sessions Town, every such Sheriff shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recoverable by Civil Bill by any Person who will sue for the same; and such Replevingers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have Authority in the Sheriffs Name to grant Replevins and make Deliverance of all Distresses in such Manner or Form as the Sheriff may and ought to do, and shall be entitled to receive the Fees mentioned in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, and no more.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Party whose Goods or Chattels shall have been distrained for Rent shall dispute the Validity of the Distress, and the Amount of the Rent distrained for shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Party to lodge with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Distress shall have been made a Civil Bill, stating the Particulars of the Property distrained, and the Place where made, and the Person and Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Distress was made, and requiring such Person or Persons to appear and answer such Bill at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the District, Division, or Riding in which such Distress was made, in case there shall be Ten clear Days between the Day of lodging such Civil Bill and the first Day of holding such Sessions, and if not, then at the Sessions for such Division, District, or Riding next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Day of lodging such Civil Bill, and thereupon the said Clerk of the Peace shall issue an Order requiring the Sheriff of the County to replevy the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and the Sheriff to whom any such Order shall be directed, or his Replevinger, shall and he is hereby required, upon good Security (by the Bond of the Person obtaining such Order and Two responsible Persons as Sureties) being given to him in Double the Amount of the Value of the Property distrained, to execute such Order, and make a correct and proper Return of the Manner in which the same shall have been executed, or to signify the Cause

6 8c7 Gul.IV. Cc why

In Cases of Distresses for Rent, Particulars of Demand to be given.

Appointment of Replevingers.

Mode of pro. ceedingin Re-plevin Cases.

C. 75.

6 & 7 GULIELMI IV. A.D. -18S6.

Form of Bond.

If Sureties objected to, Reason to be stated in Writing.

Copy of Civil Bill to be served on Defendant.

Assistant Barrister to hear and determine such Civil Bill.

why the same has not been executed to the Court of the Assistant Barrister for the County, within Seven Days next after such Order shall have been delivered to him; provided that the Value of the Property distrained shall be ascertained by the said Sheriff or Aeplevinger in like Manner as the Value of Goods distrained is now ascertained by Law by the said Sheriff on taking Security in Replevins.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Bond so to be given to the said Sheriff shall be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the First Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit

X. And be it enacted, That in every Case where the Persons who shall be proposed as Sureties on behalf of any Party whose Goods or Chattels shall have been distrained shall be objected to, the Reason or Ground of such Objection shall be stated in Writing by the Sheriff or Replevinger so objecting.

XI. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any Goods distrained shall be replevied as aforesaid a Copy of the Civil Bill which shall have been lodged with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be served by or on the Part of the Plaintiff in such Civil Bill, upon every Person named as Defendant therein, in the same Manner as Civil Bills for Recovery of Debts are now required to be served, Six Days at least before the first Day of holding the Sessions to which it is returnable: Provided always, that in case the Party on whose Behalf such Distress was made shall not reside within the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister, Service of such Bill on the Person who made the Distress for him shall be deemed good Service on such Party; and such Party, although not residing within the County, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be within the Jurisdiction of the Assistant Barrister of the County in which the Distress was made.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister shall in every such Case of Distress and Replevin hear and determine the Civil Bill, and ascertain whether any and what Rent was due to the Defendant at the Time of making such Distress; and if it shall appear that any Sum was due for Rent, and that no Tender of the Sum so due was made before the said Civil Bill was brought, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister and he is hereby required to make a Decree for Payment of the Sum ascertained to be due for Rent, and the Costs of defending such Civil Bill and making such Distress, and such Sum and Costs shall and may be levied by virtue of such Decree; and in case it shall appear that no Rent was due at the Time of such Distress, or no Tender made of Amount due and reasonable Costs of Distress previous to the bringing of such Civil Bill, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to direct the Bond which shall have been so given as aforesaid to be delivered up to the Party complaining of the Distress, and also to make a Decree for Payment by the Defendant to such Party of such Damages as the Court may think fit, and, if necessary, to direct that such Damages and Costs shall be set off against or deducted from any Rent then due or thereafter to accrue due by the Party complaining, and to make a Decree accordingly.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

387

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Bond so directed to be given as aforesaid shall be assigned by the Sheriff or his Representative to such Person or Persons as the Assistant Barrister shall direct, and such Assignment shall be by an Indorsement on the Bond, which 'shall not require any Stamp; and the Assignee of such Bond shall be at liberty to sue in his own Name, upon or by virtue of such Bond, in the Court of the Assistant Barrister within whose Jurisdiction any One of the Obligors of such Bond shall reside, without regard to the Amount of the Penalty of such Bond; and such Proceedings may be taken against all the Obligors of such Bond, or against any One or more of them.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Person or Persons complaining of any such Distress shall not duly appear at the Sessions, and there prosecute such Civil Bill, and obtain a Decree therein, the Assistant Barrister shall and may, at the Request of any Party named as a Defendant in such Civil Bill, make an Order or Decree that the Bond so directed to be given to the Sheriff as aforesaid shall be assigned to the Defendant so applying; and such Bond shall be assigned, as herein-before directed, to the Party so applying; and such Bond shall be and stand as a Security for the full Amount of the Value of the Goods distrained, and the Costs of the Proceedings in relation to the Distress, and of the Proceedings on such Civil Bill and such Bond.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to order and decree that the Goods distrained shall be returned to the Party who distrained the same; and in every such Case where the Goods distrained shall be actually returned to the Party who distrained the same, and the Costs of the Proceedings paid, no further Proceedings shall be had on the Bond which shall have been given as aforesaid; and all such Goods, if returned or recovered under any such Decree as aforesaid, may be sold for the Recovery of the Rent due and Expences at the Expiration of Four Days after the Return thereof.

XVI. And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the

Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Relief of

Persons aggrieved by unlawful or excessive Distresses in Ireland; ' but the Provisions of the said Act have been found to be ' wholly ineffectual, and it is desirable that the said Act should be

repealed; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the impounding of Distresses, and so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the further explaining and amending several Statutes for protecting Under Sheriffs and Sheriff s Clerks from officiating as Sub-Sheriffs or Sheriff s Clerks more than One Year, and to render more effectual an Act to prevent Fees being taken in certain Cases, and to take away the pretended Office of Barony Clerk, and to oblige Sheriffs to appoint Deputies for granting Replevins, and also for discharging of Prisoners unable to pay their Fees, as

C c 2 relate

Mode of Assignment of Bond.

Bond to be assigned if Plaintiff do not prosecute Suit.

If Goods returned, no Proceedings to be had on Bond, and Goods may be sold.

Repeal of 7 & 8 G. 4.C. 69.

10 Car. 1. (I.) in part.

3 G. 2.(1.) in part.

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Legacies and distributive Shares payable out of Assets of any deceased Person (when such Assets shall not exceed 200/.) recoverable by Civil Bill.

Civil Bill in such Cases to be served 12 Days before Sessions.

Executors and Administrators to lodge Accounts if required.

relate to the appointing and proclaiming of Deputies by Sheriffs for making or granting Replevins, and making Deliverance of Distresses, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where the Amount of the Assets of any deceased Person shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any Legatee of any specific Chattel, or for any Legatee of any pecuniary Legacy payable out of the Assets of any such deceased Person, or any Residuary Legatee, or for any Person or Persons entitled as next of Kin of any such deceased Person, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Legatee or next of Kin, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to proceed by Civil Bill against the Executor or Administrator of such deceased Person in the County or District in which such Executor or Administrator shall be resident, for the Recovery of such Legacies or distributive Shares at any Time after the Expiration of One Year from the Decease of the Testator or Intestate, but not sooner; and it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid, upon due Proof that the Defendant had received, or without wilful Default might have received, Assets of the Testator or Intestate sufficient and liable, after Payment of all just Debts, for the Satisfaction in a due Course of Administration either in the whole or in part of the Plaintiffs Demand, to make a Decree for Payment of such Legacy or distributive Portion rateably and proportionably with other Legatees standing in the same Situation, or other next of Kin respectively, as the Case may be; and in case the Plaintiff shall establish his Right to any specific Chattel it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid to make an Order for Delivery of the same to the Party entitled thereto, or to make a Decree for Payment of the Value thereof and Costs of Suit; and in case the Plaintiff shall establish his Right as Residuary Legatee, it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid to make an Order for the Delivery, Transfer, or Payment of such Residuary Estate and Effects to the Party decreed entitled thereto.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Civil Bill to be brought for the Recovery of a Legacy or distributive Share under or by virtue of this Act shall, Twelve Days at least before the Sessions, be duly served upon the Party against whom the same is brought, or left at his usual or last knotfn Place of Abode.

XIX. And be it enacted, That where the Property or Assets of any deceased Person shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, every Executor or Administrator shall, if thereunto required by Notice in Writing by any Legatee, next of Kin, Creditor, or other Person interested therein, within Twelve Months after the Decease of the Testator or Intestate, lodge with the Clerk of the Peace of the County wherein such Testator or Intestate resided at the Time of his Death, and also in the County wherein such Executor or Administrator resides, a Schedule or Account setting forth the Particulars of the Property or Assets of or to which the Testator or Intestate died possessed or entitled, and the Amount, Produce, and Value of the same respectively, and the Amounts and Particulars of the Debts due by the said Testator or

14 Intestate,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

SSi

Intestate, and the Amounts and Particulars of the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral and Testamentary Expences of the Testator or Intestate paid by or on account of any such Executor or Administrator, and showing the Balance applicable to the Purposes of the Will of the said Testator, or distributable amongst the next of Kin of the said Intestate, or the Property or Chattels then undisposed of; and every such Schedule or Account shall be verified by the Oath or Affirmation (as the Case may be) of the Executor or Administrator, to be sworn before the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Executor or Administrator resides, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Clerk of the Peace is hereby authorized and directed to administer; and such Schedules or Accounts shall be preserved and kept by the Clerks of the Peace among the Records of their respective Counties, and shall be deemed and taken as Evidence against the said Executor or Administrator of the several Matters therein contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Executor Penalty on or Administrator shall neglect to lodge such Schedule as aforesaid Executors or within the Time herein-before specified he shall forfeit any Sum ne^kctSgto1 not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recoverable by Civil Bill jod^e Accounts, before the Assistant Barrister of the County wherein such Executor

shall reside by any Person suing for same.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in all Proceedings by Civil Bill Examination of by any Legatee or next of Kin for Recovery of any Legacy or Admin^trator distributive Share as aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for the

Plaintiff, as such Legatee or next of Kin in such Civil Bill as aforesaid, to examine on Oath, if the Court shall deem it necessary in open Court, such Executor or Administrator, in order to obtain a Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the Testator or Intestate at the Time of his or her Decease, and the Value thereof, and of his or her Debts, Funeral and Testamentary Expences, and to obtain an Admission that the Defendant is the Executor or Administrator (as the Case may be) , and to ascertain all such Facts as a Party suing as Legatee or as next of Kin in a Court of Equity is entitled to Discovery of.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Executor or Administrator may be compelled by Summons, to be signed by the Clerk of the Peace, in like Manner as Witnesses are compelled to attend and give Evidence in the Civil Bill Courts, to attend and produce the Probate (if any) of the Will of the Testator, or the Letters of Administration of the Testator or Intestate (as the Case may be) , and submit to be examined on Oath in open Court touching the Matters aforesaid on the Trial of any such Civil Bill in any Riding, Division, or District of the County where such Cause shall be heard; and every Executor or Administrator who shall disobey any such Summons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds as a Penalty; but such Fine or Penalty may be mitigated or wholly given up, if the Assistant Barrister before whom he shall have been required to attend shall, upon good and sufficient Cause being shown, think fit to mitigate or give up the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Assistant Barrister in any Action or Proceeding for a Legacy, or a distributive Share of the Property or Assets of a Testator or an Intestate, to require the Party suing to give Notice, either by

C c 3 Advertisement

Executors or Administrators to produce Copy of Will and Letters of Administration, and to submit to be examined on Oath on Trial of Civil Bill.

Assistant Barrister may advertise for Claims or Assets.

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

Executors de son tort to be liable.

Money may be required by Assistant Barrister to be paid into the Bank.

Legacies not exceeding 20/. charged on Real Estate to be recoverable.

Attested Copy of Will good Evidence.

Civil Bills, &c. to be in Form prescribed in Schedule.

Provision of Civil Bill Acts relating to

1 '?ment of

\c.

Advertisement or otherwise, requiring Persons having Claims on the Property or Assets of the Deceased to produce and verify such Claims; and no such Advertisement shall be charged wim or liable to any Duty, and all Costs relating to such Notice shall be borne and paid in such Manner and by such Parties as such Assistant Barrister shall order or direct; and the Assistant Barrister may, if he shall think fit to direct such Notice to be given, adjourn the Civil Bill to some future Sessions, so as to allow sufficient Time for publishing or giving such Notice.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That any Person rendering himself an Executor de son tort shall be liable to be sued by Civil Bill in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and shall be liable to the same Extent as if sued in a Superior Court

XXV. And be it enacted, That in any such Action or Proceeding the Assistant Barrister may, if he thinks fit direct Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, Savings Bank legally established, or such Branch Bank of the Bank of Ireland as he shall direct the Name of such Clerk of the Peace, to the Credit of the Cause in question, and such Money shall be applied and disposed of according to the Order and Directions of the Assistant Barrister; and all Payments of such Money shall vest in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, and shall be made upon an Order in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, countersigned by the Assistant Barrister; which Order shall be a good and sufficient Warrant to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Legatee of any pecuniary Legacy not exceeding Twenty Pounds, charged upon or payable out of any Real Estate, or any Person to whom Arrears not exceeding Twenty Pounds are due in respect of any Rent-charge or Annuity charged upon or payable out of any Real Estate, to proceed by Civil Bill against the Person who shall be entitled to the Real Estate charged with such Legacy or Arrears; and it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon due Proof by the Plaintiff that such Real Estate is liable to such Legacy or Arrears, and that the Owner thereof has received therefrom, for his own Use and Benefit, more than the Amount of the Legacy or Sum sought to be recovered, and that no Personal Property liable to the Payment thereof is available for that Purpose, to order or decree the Payment of such Legacy or Arrears by the Owner of such Real Estate.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Proceedings under this Act to recover any Legacy, or Lands, Tenements, or Heredity ments, an examined or attested Copy of the Will bequeathing it, or of any Will giving Title to it, shall be received as Evidence as if the original Will or Probate thereof was produced.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the several Civil Bills, Orders, Proceedings, Decrees, and Dismisses which shall be brought, prosecuted, and pronounced in pursuance of this Act, shall be in the Form or to the Effect prescribed by the First Schedule to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the Provisions of the several Acts now in force relating to Civil Bill Courts in respect of the Employment of Counsel and the Duties of Sheriffs and of Clerks of the Peade in relation to any Proceedings by Civil

Bill,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

Bill, and all other Regulations and Provisions of the said Acts in relation to Proceedings by Civil Bills, shall apply and extend to the Proceedings under this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, or not repugnant to or inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, and that all such Provisions and Regulations shall also extend and be applicable to Proceedings in the Court of the Recorder of the City of Dublin, and in the Court of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in any Case where any Party shall be dis-satisfied with the Judgment or Decree or Dismiss of the Assistant Barrister touching or concerning any Proceedings which may be instituted or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Party to appeal against such Decision or Decree, in like Manner, and upon the like Terms and Stipulations, as Appeals in other Cases are allowed to be brought under or by virtue of the Acts now in force relating to Proceedings by Civil Bill.

XXXI. And whereas Plaintiffs and Defendants appearing by

Attorney and not attending in Person at the Quarter Sessions

are deprived of their Right of Appeal by reason of their being ' necessary Parties to the Recognizance to prosecute such Appeal; v be it therefore enacted, That in case of the Absence of any such Plaintiff it shall and may be lawful for him to enter an Appeal, without entering into such Recognizance, upon paying the Defendant or depositing with the Clerk of the Peace Double the Costs of such Dismiss, and performing the other Requisites now required by Law in Cases of Appeal (save as to such Recognizance); and it shall and may be lawful for any such Defendant to enter an Appeal on a like Payment to the Plaintiff, or depositing with the Clerk of the Peace Double the Costs of such Decree, and performing the other Requisites as to Appeals now required by Law (save as to such Recognizance); but a Recognizance, in case of the Absence of the Defendant, shall in every Case be entered into on his Behalf by Two solvent Sureties, to prosecute the Appeal, and to pay the Amount to be decreed against the Defendant, and Costs.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That wheresoever the said Assistant Barrister shall in any Civil Bill brought under and by virtue of this Act grant a Decree, the same shall be with Costs; but in case the Plaintiff in any Civil Bill brought under or by virtue of this Act or any other Act shall not proceed in the same, or shall fail to establish his Case to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister, such Assistant Barrister shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered to dismiss such Civil Bill with Costs, and either without Prejudice to the Plaintiffs Proceedings by a new Civil Bill, or on the Merits, as he shall think fib

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Plaintiff or Defendant, or surviving Plaintiff or Defendant, or the Executor or Administrator of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or Assignee or Assignees of any Plaintiff or Defendant who shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, or the Husband of any Plaintiff or Defendant, by whom any Decree or Dismiss was obtained, to renew any Decree or Dismiss, or any Affirmance or Reversal of any Decree or Dismiss of the Assistant Barrister affirmed or re-

C c 4 versed

91

* hall extend to Proceedings under this Act.

Appeal.

In case of Absence of Plaintiff or Defendant how Appeal may be prosecuted.

Assistant Barrister may dismiss Civil Bill.

Decrees or Dismisses may be renewed.

392

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Decrees of Assistant Barrister may be signed by his Successor.

Verbal or technical Errors not material.

Parties may appeal to the Oath of each other.

Regulating Hours of sitting of Court of Quarter Sessions.

versed on Appeal; provided that all such Renewals shall be subject to the same and the like Conditions and Regulations as are now required by Law in case of any Renewal which may now be made; and provided also, that no Civil Bill Decree, or Affirmance of a Decree, or Affirmance of a Decree for Possession, shall be renewed, save for the Costs thereby decreed; and provided that it shall not be lawful for any Assistant Barrister to grant a Renewal of any Civil Bill Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, when Two Years shall have elapsed after such Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, shall have been pronounced, nor at any Time to grant such Renewal to or against any Person not being an original Party to such Civil Bill, unless upon Proof made in open Court that the Party seeking such Renewal caused Notice in Writing to be served upon the Person against whom it is sought to renew such Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, setting forth the Particulars of such Decree and the Amount for which the Application to renew such Decree is proposed to be made, such Notice to be served in like Manner as Civil Processes are required by Law to be served, Six Days previous to the first Day of holding the Civil Bill Court to which such Application is intended to be made, and to be entered with the Clerk of the Peace, and heard and determined in like Manner as an original Civil Bill

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Removal, or Incapacity of the Assistant Barrister of any County or Riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Successor, or the Barrister for the Time being acting for him, to sign any Order or Decree pronounced by the Barrister so dying or removed or becoming incapable as aforesaid, and to act in all respects in reference to the Orders made as the Barrister so dying or removed or being incapable as aforesaid might have done; and the Order and Decree so signed shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been signed by the Assistant Barrister who pronounced the same.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That no Action or Proceeding under or by virtue of this or any other Act relating to Civil Bill Courts shall be treated or considered as invalid on account of any verbal or technical Error in the same; and it shall be lawful for every Assistant Barrister to decide and determine what is a verbal or technical Error or Mistake in any Action or Proceeding, but all Errors or Mistakes which have not a Tendency to mislead the opposite Party shall in all Cases be deemed merely verbal or technical.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That both Parties shall be mutually at liberty to appeal each to the Oath of the other on the Subject of the alleged Cause of Action; provided that a Notice in Writing be served on the Party so intended to be examined at least Five Days previous to the Commencement of the Sessions; but the Assistant Barrister may prevent and dispense with such Appeal in such Cases as he may think it expedient to do so.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Court of Quarter Sessions shall, after the first Day of every Session, commence its Sittings in the Months of December and January not earlier than Nine nor later than Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and in other

Months

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

393

Months not later than Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, save when prevented by the Illness or unavoidable Absence of the Assistant Barrister or other Fatality, and shall at once proceed with the Criminal or Civil Business after the Magistrate may be in attendance, but no Decree or Proceeding shall be in any Manner impeached or questioned in consequence of any Trial or Civil Bill having been commenced or heard at any Time before or after any of those Hours; and that no Trial or Case, Criminal or Civil, or other Business, shall be entered upon after the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, nor shall any Civil Bill be called on after that Hour, except at the Request of both Parties: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to proceed in the Criminal Business although no Magistrate shall be in attendance; any Statute, Law, Charter, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Disability of any Clerk of the Peace during Sessions, and of no immediate Appointment of a Successor or sufficient Deputy being made, the Assistant Barrister shall appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Clerk of the Peace in the meantime, and allocate a due Proportion of the Fees or Salary in Remuneration of the Person so acting.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Disputes and Differences shall be heard and determined at every Sessions in alphabetical Order according to the Surnames of the Plaintiffs, and be entered accordingly in the Book of the Clerk of the Peace, save and except in any Case or Cases where the Assistant Barrister shall see Reason to vary the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Assistant Barrister from hearing and determining such Disputes and Differences in such Baronial or other Divisions as to him shall seem meet; provided that within such Divisions they shall be heard and determined in alphabetical Order as aforesaid, and provided that such Assistant Barrister shall give Three Months Notice of his Intention to hear and determine Disputes and Differences in such Baronial or other Divisions, and provided that after an Alteration in the Mode of hearing Disputes and Differences shall be made by the Assistant Barrister no further or other Alteration shall be made for the Space of One Year.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister for the Time being shall appoint a sufficient Number of proper and responsible Persons in every County to act as Bailiffs for the Execution of the Decrees or Orders of the Civil Bill Court for the County, and no Person shall be authorized or empowered to execute any Decree or Order of any Civil Bill Court (save only Decrees for Possession) unless he shall have been so appointed Bailiff as aforesaid; and all Persons to be appointed Bailiffs as aforesaid shall and may have and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which Sheriffs of Counties in Ireland or Special Bailiffs are enabled or empowered by Law to have or exercise in the Execution of the Decrees or Orders of the Civil Bill Courts; and such Bailiffs are hereby empowered and required to execute all Decrees and Dismisses, and all Orders and Decrees which shall be

made

In case of Death of Clerk of the Peace during Sessions.

Order in which Actions are to be heard.

Assistant Barrister may hear and determine Disputes in Baronial or other Divisions.

Bailiffs to be appointed to execute Decrees of Civil Bill Court.

C. 75<

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Feet payable to

Bailiffs.

Bailiff* to give Security.

36 G. 3. (I.) repealed so far as respects the Payment of Is. to the Sheriff.

Fee of 10s. 6d. for executing Decree for delivering Possession.

made by the Assistant Barrister of the County in which such Order or Decree shall be made, and any other Assistant Barrister, save only Decrees for Possession of Lands, which shall be executed by the Sheriff, and also Decrees so far as respects Costs in Ejectment Cases: Provided always, that the Assistant Barrister in Ejectment Cases shall, besides pronouncing a Decree for Possession or Dismissal, as the Case may be, issue his Warrant for the Levy of Costs, and which shall be executed by the said Bailiffs, and have the same Effect as Decrees on Civil Bills.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Bailiffs so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, on the Execution of Decrees and Orders, the Fee and Poundage set forth in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, and no other Fees or Payments shall be recoverable or receivable by them, and the same shall be taxable against the Party.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Person appointed to act as Bailiff as aforesaid, shall before he acts in his said Office, together with Two responsible and sufficient Sureties, give and execute to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Bailiff shall be appointed to act a Bond in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned for the proper Performance of the Duties of his Office, and such Bond shall vest in the Clerk of the Peace of the County for the Time being, and may from Time to Time be sued on in his Name, or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons to whom it may be assigned under any Order of the Assistant Barrister, which Assignment shall be made by an unstamped Indorsement by the acting Clerk of the Peace for the Time being; and it shall be the Duty of the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being to inquire and ascertain from Time to Time whether any of the Sureties have become insolvent or have died, and to require the Bailiff to give further or other Security, and such Clerk of the Peace shall certify to the Assistant Barrister at each Session that such Sureties are alive, and have not become insolvent; and any Person who shall sustain any Damage by the Neglect or Misconduct of any such Bailiff may proceed before the Assistant Barrister by Civil Bill to recover from him and his Sureties the Amount of such Damages not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and the Bond so given shall stand and be an additional Security for such Damages, and shall, if necessary, be put in suit to recover the Sum and Costs from the Parties thereto or any of them; and it shall be lawful for any Assistant Barrister to dismiss any such Bailiff for Misconduct, and he shall report such Dismissal to the Lord Lieutenant.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of Fdnuary the Sum or Fee of One Shilling now payable to the Sheriffs in Ireland for every Special Warrant granted at the Peril of the Party requiring the same shall be no longer payable; and that the said Act of the Thirty-sixth of King George the Third, so far as respects the Payment to the Sheriffs of the said Sum or Fee of One Shilling, be repealed; and that every Sheriff shall be entitled to and be paid a Sura of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for executing every Decree for delivering Possession made by an Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal; all which Decrees the said Sheriffs ore hereby required to execute in Person or by

395

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

his Deputy within a Week after the same Is delivered to him, and required by the Party to execute the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in case of the Illness or unavoidable Absence of any Process Server, the Entries made in his Book verified by his Affidavit, or, in case of his Death, verified as to his Handwriting by some credible Person, shall be received as Evidence of the Service of the several Processes stated in such Book to have been served, and that the Fee of Sixpence allowed to such Process Server on each Civil Bill be in future taxed and allowed against the Defendant, in like Manner as other Costs taxable against the Party.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Bailiffs so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full Power and Authority to sell Goods taken in Execution by them by public Auction, without the Assistance of a licensed Auctioneer.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in all Actions and Proceedings by Civil Bill the Fees specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed shall be established and be deemed and taken as the lawful Fees and Emoluments for the Discharge of the several Duties therein specified, and no other Fees or Payments shall be recoverable for the Discharge of such Duties.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace, Attorney, Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiff, or Process Server, who shall receive any greater Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument, or other Consideration, for any of the Services specified in the said Schedule, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be recovered by Civil Bill or otherwise by any Person who may sue for the same.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such of the Fees specified and set forth in the said Second Schedule as are thereby made payable to Clerks of the Peace of the different Counties in Ireland for entering Civil Bills, and for signing Decrees or Dismisses, and signing and entering Renewals, shall be payable to the Register of the Chairman of the County of Dublin and the Clerk or Register of Civil Bills for the City of Dublin respectively only in Ejectment, Replevin, and Legacy Cases, and in Cases over which an entirely new Jurisdiction is hereby created, and in all other Cases the Fees at present payable to the said respective Registers shall continue payable and remain unaltered during the Lives of the said present Registers.

L. And be it enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace shall cause to be constantly exposed, as well in his Office as also in some conspicuous Place accessible to the Public, in every Court of General or Quarter Sessions within his County, a fair and legible Table, painted or printed in Letters and Figures not less than One Half Inch in Length, of the Fees payable upon all Proceedings upon all Civil Bills, and likewise the Penalty to which any Person may become liable for receiving any greater Fee than is set forth in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed for any of the Services therein specified; and that on Proof made on summary Application to the Court of any Neglect or Omission of such Exposure, the Clerk of the Peace so neglecting shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the County within which such Penalty shall be incurred, and accounted

Books of Process Servers to be Evidence in certain Cases.

BaOiffis may sell Goods taken in Execution.

Fees specified in Second Schedule to be deemed lawful Fees.

Penalty for taking larger Fees.

Fees payable to the Registers of the City and County of Dublin.

Table of Fees to be exposed in some conspicuous Parts of Office of the Clerk of the Peace and Court of Quarter Sessions.

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Affidavit substituted for Oaths required to be taken by Attornies every Session.

Appeal given to the Landlord in same Manner as to the Tenant under

56 G. S. c. 88.

Power to appoint additional Places for holding Sessions.

for and applied by such Treasurer to the Aid of the Expenditure of such County; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, at any Assizes to be held in and for such County, to present the reasonable and actual Expences of preparing and exposing such Tables to be raised by Presentment upon such County, and to be paid to such Clerk of the Peace.

LI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Acts relating to Civil Bills as requires Oaths to be taken by the Attornies practising in Civil Bill Courts at the Commencement of every Session be repealed; and that in future such Attornies, on their Commencement of Practice in ea^ffi County, shall make and sign an Affidavit in Writing, to be attested by the Assistant Barrister, and to be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace amongst the Records of the Court, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

T A.B.> one of the Attornies, do swear, That I will faithfully ' discharge all such Duties and Business as may be intrusted to my Charge. '

LII. And whereas it is considered that under the Provisions of ' an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Law 1 of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding,

over holding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress, which Act is explained,

amended, and extended by Two other Acts respectively passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third and in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, the Tenant or Defendant ' only is entitled to the Right of Appeal in Proceedings instituted

under the Provisions of the said Acts be it therefore enacted, That the Landlord or Plaintiff shall in all Proceedings under the said recited Acts have and be entitled to all and every the same Rights of Appeal, under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as in other Cases of Decrees on Civil Bills, as by the Acts in force relating to Civil Bill Courts are provided for or given to Defendants.

LIII. And whereas it would facilitate the Administration of

Justice if a sufficient Number of Places were appointed for ' hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill, and transacting ' Criminal and other Business at a General or Quarter Session of the Peacebe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Advice of the Privy Council, to divide the several Counties in Ireland or any of them, or any Riding or Division of a County, into as many Districts as shall be thought proper or expedient for the Purpose of more conveniently hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill, and of transacting all such Criminal or all such other Business as may be cognizable or determinable at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and to appoint One or more convenient Town or Place, Towns or Places, in any such District in which a Civil Bill Court and a Court for transacting such Criminal and other Business as aforesaid shall be held, and every such District shall be distinguished by the Name of such Town or Place, and every such Session and Adjournment thereof

shall

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

397

shall be good and effectual for the Administration of Criminal Business and Civil Bill Cases, and doing all other Business that may by Law be done at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the Grand Juries of the several Counties in which such Districts shall be situated shall and they are hereby required to present such Sums as may be necessary for building or repairing Sessions Houses in such Towns or Places, and for paying the Rent or Hire of convenient Places for holding such Sessions until such Sessions Houses in such Towns or Places shall be built, in the same Manner as they are empowered and required to present for such Building and Repairs, and Hire or Rent, by the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, or any other Act now in force; and the Assistant Barristers and Justices of the Peace of such several Counties shall have the same Power in all respects of hiring such Place or Places for holding Sessions as is given to them by such recited Act in relation to the Places thereby directed to be provided for holding Sessions.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Assistant Barristers of the several Counties in Ireland shall, at the Sessions by Law appointed for fixing the Times for holding the Sessions, fix the Times for holding the Sessions at any additional Place or Places, which shall be as near to the Time for holding the other Sessions as can conveniently be appointed by the Clerk of the Peace, who shall notify the Time for holding such additional Sessions in the same Manner as he is now required to notify the Time for holding the Quarter Sessions and other Sessions of the Peace.

LV. And whereas by the said Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third it is ' enacted, that in all Cases where any Process upon any Civil ' Bill is thereby directed to be served upon any Person or to be ' affixed as therein mentioned, the said Process shall be so served ' or affixed Thirty clear Days at the least previous to the Day c therein named for hearing and determining upon such Civil ' Bill: And whereas such last-mentioned Provision has been found ' to be in many Cases inconvenient, and it is expedient that the same should be altered or modified; be it therefore further enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Proceedings to be had or taken under the said Acts of the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third and the First Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or this Act, where it would by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them be necessary to serve or affix any such Process as aforesaid Thirty clear Days at the least previous to the Day therein named for hearing and determining upon such Civil Bill, the serving or affixing such Process in manner in the said recited Act mentioned Fifteen clear Days at the least previous to the Day therein named for hearing and determining upon such Civil Bill shall be to all Intents and Purposes good, valid, and sufficient.

LVI. And whereas Doubts are entertained respecting the Jurisdiction of the Assistant Barrister in Cases where One or ' more of the Defendants in an Action resides or reside out of the ' County wherein such Action is brought be it therefore enacted,

That

Times for bolding Sessions in such additional Places.

56 & 58 G.S. and 1 G. 4. amended, as relates to serving or affixing Processes on Civil Bills.

Civil Bill Court to have Jurisdiction if One Defendant reside in the County.

898

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1838.

Grand Jury of County of Cork to provide for Salaries of Criers at Sessions in 4 G. 4. c. 49.

General Orders to be made.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Sessions to be held Four Times in every Year in any Town.

That if One or more Defendant or Defendants resides or reside in the County or Riding in which a Civil Bill shall be brought, the Assistant Barrister may make a Decree against him or them, though another or other Defendant or Defendants may reside out of the Jurisdiction of such Barrister.

LVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled ' An Act to regulate the Amount of Presentment* by Grand Juries for Payment of the public Officers of the several Counties m 4 Ireland, a Salary of Thirty Pounds of the late CuiTency of Ireland is provided for the Crier at Sessions in and for the ' County of Cork, which said County has been since divided into (Two Ridings for the Purpose of having separate and distinct 1 Sessions in each of the said Ridings, but no Provision was then (made respecting the said Salary of Thirty Pounds be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of Cork and such Grand Jury are hereby required to present, to be raised off the respective Portions of the said County constituting the said East Riding and West Riding, in lieu of the said annual Sum of Thirty Pounds, the Two several Sums not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds yearly, as and for the Salary of each of the Criers at Sessions in the said Two Ridings, and that all Enactments in the said last-mentioned Act relative to the Salaries of Criers at Sessions shall extend to the said Two Salaries in like Manner as if the same had been embodied in this present Act.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barristers in Ireland for the Time being, or the Majority of them, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Chief Justice or One of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and they are hereby required, to make and issue such General Orders as they shall think fit for regulating the Forms and Manner of proceeding in the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland, and for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be allowed to Attornies on Proceedings by Civil Bill m Cases where such Fees are not specified or regulated by this Act or any Act heretofore made and provided, and for carrying the Provisions of this Act into execution, and for simplifying, establishing, and settling the Course of Practice in the said Courts or any of them, and from Time to Time to annul, alter, or vary any Order or Orders so as aforesaid made, and to make any new General Order or Orders for the like Purpose; and Copies of all such Orders shall be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties in Ireland\ to be by them kept and preserved in their Offices, and there to remain open at all Times to public Inspection; and such Orders shall have the same Effect and be as binding as if they were contained in this Act

LIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to direct that a General Session of the Peace and Civil Bill Court shall be held Four Times in every Year in all or any of the Towns appointed for holding Sessions, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

4 Governor

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

399

Governor of Ireland for the Time being shall nominate and appoint the Baronin or Half Baronies or Parishes for which respectively such Sessions shall be held.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any Person taking an Oath or making a Declaration or Affirmation in any Action, Examination, or other Proceeding under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly swear, declare, or affirm falsely, he shfdl be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished accordingly; and if in any such Action, Examination, or other Proceeding, the Assistant Barrister shall deem any Witness or Party to have so far wilfully and corruptly sworn, declared, or affirmed falsely as that in his Opinion such Witness or Party ought to be prosecuted at the Expence of the County within which the Witness or Party shall have so sworn or affirmed or declared, and shall certify such Opinion in Writing, then and in every such Case, if any Prosecution takes place, the Court in which such Prosecution shall take place shall make an Order for Payment of the Expences of such Prosecution by the Treasurer of the County.

LXI. And be it enacted, That all Acts heretofore passed and now in force relating to Civil Bill Courts shall remain in full Force and Effect, except so far as the same*or any Part thereof respectively are or is hereby expressly varied.

LXII. And be it farther enacted, That in any Case where the Decree of any Civil Bill Court may be set up as a Defence to any Action in any Superior Court it shall not be incumbent on the Party to plead such Decree specially, but it shall be lawful for him to plead the General Issue, and to give the Decree in Evidence as special Matter.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act all and every the Powers and Authorities conferred on Assistant Barristers in Ireland shall and may be exercised and performed in the County of Dublin by the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and in the City of Dublin by the Recorder of the City; and so far as relates to the several Matters and Things to be done by or within the Jurisdiction of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, or of the Recorder of the City of Dublin, the several Proceedings and Duties hereby directed to be had and done in the Office of and by the Clerk of the Peace shall be had and done in the Office of and by the Register of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, and in the Office of and by the Clerk or Register of Civil Bills for the City of Dublin; and the Provisions of this Act in relation thereto shall extend to such Register of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, to such Clerk or Register of Civil Bills; and wherever the Clerk of the Peace is named in this Act, the Provision shall extend to the Acting or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer discharging the Duties of a Clerk of the Peace under the Civil Bill Acts; and that the Words " Party and Person," whenever used in this Act, shall extend to and include any Corporation; and that all Words importing the Singular Number or Masculine Gender shall be construed to extend to and include many Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, unless there be something in the Context or Provision repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction.

Perjury.

Former Acts to remain in force.

Decree of Civil Bill Court Evidence under the General Iaue.

Interpretation

Clause.

C. 75.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Certain Powers* Sec. conferred upon Chairman of Sessions and Recorder of Dublin.

Commencement of this Act.

Act may be repealed, &c. this Session.

County of

Division

of

to wit.

County of

Division

of

to wit.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities conferred upon the Assistant Barristers of Counties in relation to Proceedings by Civil Bill previously to the passing of this Act, are hereby conferred upon the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin and the Recorder of the City of Dublin *

LXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed, altered, or amended in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Civil BUI to be served upon the Defendant pursuant to this Act *

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the said County.

A.B. of a The Defendant is hereby required personally

to appear before the said Assistant Barrister at on the

Day of to answer the Plaintiff*s

Bill for [state the Cause of Action], or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff.

in the County of [Residence and Addition of Plaintiff ]

Plaintiff.

Do. of Defendant. J

Form of a Decree for Recovery of Lands.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

B It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a

Plaintiff. I Civil Bill to be brought against Defendant for

C.D. C Recovery of [here state the Cause of Action as

Defendant. J (n Civil BUT], and it appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff is entitled to the said It is

therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant the said together

with Costs; and the Sheriff for the said County of

is hereby commanded to take possession of the said and deliver up the same to the Plaintiff; and the said Sheriff or the Bailiffs for the said County, and the several ^Bailiffs of the several other Counties of Ireland, is and are hereby commanded to take in Execution the Body or Goods of the said Defendant to satisfy the said Costs. Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

Attorney for the Plaintiff. Clerk of the Peace.

Assistant Barrister.

[Assistant Barristers Warrant to be added*]

Order

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 7S.

oiinty

r

Kvisioo

r

i wit.

ounty vision > wit.

ounty

3i vision f

o wit.

Order of Replevin.

The Sheriff of the County of is hereby required

without Delay to cause to be replevied to A.3. (if he shall give sufficient Security) the Goods and Chattels which C.D. unjustly detains. Signed the Day of One thousand eight hundred and thirty

Y.Z.

Clerk of the Peace for the said County of

Form ef a Decree for Payment of Damages for improper Distress.

By the Assistant barrister at the Sessions for said County.

Plaintiff. \ IT appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Defendant, i Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of Damages on account of the Goods and Chattels of the Plaintiff having been improperly distrained by the Defendant; and it appearing to the Court that the Distress in dispute was improperly made, or that the Amount due at the Time of the Distress, with reasonable Costs of Distress, had been duly tendered: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the Sum of for Damages and Costs; and the Bailiffs for the said County are hereby commanded to take in Execution the Body or Goods of the said Defendant to satisfy the same. Dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

Attorney for Plaintiff.

Clerk of the Peace for said County. Assistant Barrister for said County.

[Assistant Barristers Warrant to be added.]

Form of a Decree for Defendant in case of Distress.

Plaintiff. 1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for

Defendant. J the said County.

It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of Damages on account of the Goods and Chattels of the Plaintiff having been improperly distrained, and it appearing to the Court that the Distress in dispute was not improperly made: It is therefore ordered and decreed bytheCourt, That the Defendant do recover from the Plaintiff the Sum of for Rent due, and for Costs; and the Bailiffs for the said County, and the Bailiffs of the several other Counties in Ireland, are hereby commanded to take in Execution the B.ody or Goods of the said Plaintiff to satisfy the same. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Attorney for Defendant

Clerk of the Peace for said County.

Assistant Barrister for said County.

[Assistant Barrister's Warrant to be added.

Form of Replevin Bond.

Know all Men by these Presents, That we, A.B. of [Tenant], and C.D. and E.F.

[Sureties],

are and each of us is jointly and severally held and firmly bound 6&7 Gul.IV. Dd to

C. 75. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

to Y.Z. Sheriff of the County of in the Sum of

of lawful British Money, to be paid to the said Sheriff, or his certain Attorney, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for which Payment well and truly to be made we bind ourselves, our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and each and every of us binds himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our Seals, and dated this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-

The Condition of the above-written Obligation is such, that if the above-bounden AJB. do prosecute his Suit against G.H. of in the Court of the Assistant Barrister for the said County of at the Sessions which will be held for the said

County in the Month of next, for the taking and unjustly

detaining of his Goods and Chattels, to wit [specify the Goods and Chattels] f or do return all the said Goods and Chattels to the said G.H-> his Executors or Administrators, then the above-written Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in full force and virtue.

Form of a Decree for Payment of a Legacy.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

X, b. It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused

Plaintiff (a Civil BUI to be brought against Defendant

C.B. j as Executor of A.B. for Recovery of the Sum

Defendant. J of [fare state the Cause of Action, as in Civil

Bill], and it appearing to the Court that is due to

the Plaintiff for his Legacy, and that the Defendant ought to pay the same and the Costs of this Civil Bill [or Part of the same, as the Case may be]: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the said Sum of together with Costs; and the Bailiffs

for the said County, and the BaUifis of the several other Counties in Ireland, are hereby commanded to take in Execution the Body or Goods of the said Defendant to satisfy the said Debt and Costs. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and Legacy Costs Warrant

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Clerk of the Peace for said County.

Assistant Barrister for said County.

[Assistant Barristers Warrant to he added.']

Form of a Decree for Payment of a distributive Portion of the Assets of an Intestate.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

Plaintiff IT appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Defendant. / civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of the Sum of for his distributive

Portion as one of the next of Kin of the Assets of of

who died intestate, and it appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff is one of the next of Kin of the said . and

entitled

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75.

entitled to and that the Defendant is the Administrator of the said and that the Defendant has in his

Hands of the Assets of the said a Sum sufficient to pay the Plaintiffs Demand [or Part of same, as the Case may be-\: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the said Sum of together

with Costs; and the Bailiffs for the said County, and the Bailiffs of the several other Counties in Ireland, are hereby commanded to take in Execution the Body or Goods of the said Defendant to satisfy the said Debt and Costs. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred

Distribution Share, £

Costs

Warrant

Attorney for Plaintiff.

Clerk of the Peace for said County.

Assistant Barrister for said County.

[Assistant Barrister's Warrant to he added.]

Form of a Dismiss of a Civil Bill.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

Defendant. 'i It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff Plaintiff. f caused the Defendant to be served with Process to appear here this present Session for [here state the Cause of Action from the Civil BiH\, and that the Plaintiff hath failed to prove his said Demand [or Right, as the Case may he]: It is therefore decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiffs Bill be and the same is hereby dismissed, and that the Defendant do recover against the Plaintiff the Sum of for Costs; and the

Bailiffs for the said County, and the Sheriffs and Bailiffs of the several other Counties in Ireland, are hereby commanded to take in Execution the Plaintiffs Body or Goods to satisfy the said Costs. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and Costs, &

Warrant

Attorney for Defendant

Clerk of the Peace for said County.

Assistant Barrister.

Form of Assistant Barristers Warrant.

I authorize and empower A.B. of

one of the Bailiffs of this County, and his Associates, to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred

Assistant Barrister of said County.

[*SW.]

Form of Warrant for Costs in Ejectment Cases.

an, *\ Whereas a Decree for Possession has been pro-

Plaintiff. I nounced in this Cause; I do hereby authorize

E.F. j A.B. one of the -Bailiffs of this

Defendant. J County, to levy the Sum of being the Amount of the Costs given in the said Action.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

SECOND SCHEDULE;

Containing a List of the Fees to be paid to the Assistant Barristers, Clerks of the Peace, Attornies, Sheriffs, Reflevingers, and Bailiffs, for the Discharge of the several Duties in this Schedule specified.

£ i. d.

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for drawing or signing Civil Bill - -006

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions for hearing, directing the necessary Proofs, entering the Civil Bill, for attending the hearing, (except in Ejectment, Replevin, and Legacy Cases,) and preparing any Summons required for Witnesses, and every Notice to produce Documents, to require the Attendance of any Party, or for any other Purpose - - -026

To the Defendant's Attorney for the like, and entering Defence - -026

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions for hearing, directing the necessary Proof?, and attending the hearing of Ejectment Cases under this Act, and preparing all such.Notices and Summonses - -076

To the Defendant's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions for hearing, directing the necessary Proofs, and attending the hearing of Ejectment Cases under this Act, and preparing all such Notices and Summonses - - 0 7 6

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions in Replevin Cases under this Act, and attending the hearing thereof, where the Amount of Rent distrained for shall not exceed the Sum of <£20, and preparing all such Notices and Summonses - 0 7 6 To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions in Replevin Cases under this Act, and attending the hearing thereof, where the Amount distrained for shall exceed the Sum of <£20, and preparing all such Notices and Summonses - - 1 1 0

To the Defendant's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions in Replevin Cases under this Act, and attending the hearing thereof, where the Amount distrained for shall not exceed the annual Sum of .£20, and preparing all such Notices and Summonses - 0 7 6 To the Defendant's Attorney, for like, where the Amount shall exceed j£20 - - 1 1 0

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending the hearing of Cases relating to Legacies and Distribution of Intestate's Effects, and preparing all such Notices apd Summonses - - -050

To Defendant's Attorney, for the like, and preparing all

such Notices and Summonses - 0 5 q

To the Plaintiff*s Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions, and attending hearing in any Case for Recovery of a Penalty - - 0 10 6

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 75, 76.

£ t. cL 0 10 6

- 0 1 0

To Defendants Attorney, for the like lo the Plaintiffs Attorney, for drawing up and signing any Decree or Renewal -To the Defendant's Attorney, for drawing up] and signing any Dismiss or Renewal - 0

To the Clerk of the Peace, for entering any Civil Bill - 0 To the same, for signing any Decree or Dismiss - 0

To the same, for signing and entering any Renewal - 0

To the same, for any Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of Appeal lodged, and entering the Appeal with Judges Register - - 0 1 0

To the same, for issuing Order to replevin, and entering Civil Bill thereon, and in lieu of all Charges relating to the Proceedings in Replevin Cases under this Act 0 16 To same, for each Copy of any Inventory of Assets lodged with him, and attesting same, per Folio of 90 Words - - .004 *

To the same, for entering any Verdict of a Jury - 0 1 0

To the Assistant Barrister, for signing any Decree or Dismiss (except Ejectment and Replevin Cases, and Cases relating to Legacies and Distribution of Intestate's Effects) - - -010

To same, for signing Decree or Dismiss in Ejectment, and in Cases relating to Legacies and Distribution of Intestate's Effects - - 0 5 0

To same, for Ditto in Replevin Cases - 0 10 0

To the same, for signing a Renewal of any Decree or Dismiss, and Affidavit to ground same - - 0 1 0

To the Sheriff, for giving the Possession to any Party under a Civil Bill Ejectment Decree - - 0 10 6

To the Sheriff or his Replevinger, in drawing Affidavit of the Value of Goods distrained, and taking any Re- cognizance in Replevin Cases under this Act, and in full of all Charges for any Duties to be discharged by him relating thereto - - 0 3 4?

To the Bailiffs to be appointed pursuant to this Act, for executing any Decree or Order, not exceeding for any Sum sgl-Is .; and for any laiger Sum, 2s. 6d. - 0 2 6 And 3cL in the Pound on the Amount recovered under such Execution.

To the Sheriff, for summoning a Jury - -010

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to reduce the Duties on Newspapers, and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties on Newspapers and Advertisements.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the Stamp Duties now

payable on Newspapers in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto and also to the Duties on Advertisements Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

D d 3 Commons,

406

C. 76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Reduced Duties granted on Newspapers in lieu of Duties repealed.

Duties to commence on the 15th Day of Sept. 1836.

Powers and Provisions of existing Stamp Acts to extend to the Duties granted by this Act

Discount of *2.51. per Cent allowed on Newspaper Sumps in Ireland.

A separate Sump or Die to be used for each Newspaper.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in lieu of the Stamp Duties on Newspapers by this Act repealed as herein-after mentioned there shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures, or otherwise specified and set forth, in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed; which said Schedule, and every Clause, Regulation, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act; and the said Duties hereby granted shall commence and take effect on the Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, who are hereby empowered and required to provide and use proper and sufficient Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in and imposed by the several Acts of Parliament in force relating to the Stamp Duties, and not repealed by this Act, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced, and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

II. And be it enacted, That a Discount after the Rate of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum on the prompt Payment of any Sum amounting to Ten Pounds or upwards, for the Duties on Newspapers granted by this Act, shall be allowed to all Proprietors of Newspapers in Ireland on the Purchase of Stamps for the printing of Newspapers in Ireland, which Discount shall be denoted on the Face of every Stamp in respect of which the same shall be allowed; Provided always, that if any Newspaper shall be printed in Great Britain upon Paper stamped with a Stamp denoting the Allowance of any such Discount such Stamp shall be of no Avail, and such Newspaper shall be deemed to be not duly stamped as required by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act in the Stamp to be impressed on each and every Newspaper under the Provisions of this Act the Title of such Newspaper, or some Part thereof, shall be expressed in such convenient Manner and Form as to the said Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes shall seem expedient; and the said Commissioners shall cause a proper Die for stamping each such Newspaper to be prepared under their Directions, and a new or other Die to be from Time to Time prepared, in like Manner as they shall think necessary; and the reasonable Costs and Expellees of preparing such Stamps or Dies shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the Proprietor of each such Newspaper, arid

paid

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

407

paid when and as required by the said Commissioners to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, before any Paper shall be stamped under the Directions of such Commissioners for each such Newspaper; and that from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act no Newspaper liable to Duty under this Act shall be printed upon Paper not stamped with such Die, containing the Title of such Newspaper, or some Part thereof as aforesaid; and if any Newspaper shall be printed on Paper stamped otherwise than as aforesaid the Stamp thereon shall be of no Avail, and such Newspaper shall be deemed to be not duly stamped as required by this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Paper declared by the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed to be chargeable with the Duties by this Act granted on Newspapers shall be deemed and taken to be a Newspaper within the Meaning of this Act and of every Act relating to the printing or publishing of Newspapers, and shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations by this Act imposed; and wheresoever in this Act or in any other Act or Acts relating to the printing or publishing of Newspapers the Word " Newspaper " is or may be used, it shall be deemed and taken to mean and include any and every such Paper as aforesaid; and in all Proceedings at Law or otherwise, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to describe by the Word " Newspaper" any Paper by this Act declared to be a Newspaper, without further or otherwise designating or describing the same.

V. And be it enacted, That every Sheet or Piece of Paper which shall be published as a Supplement to any Newspaper, except the London Gazette and Dublin Gazette respectively, shall be printed with the same Title and Date as the Newspaper to which it shall be or shall purport to be a Supplement, with the Addition of the Words M Supplement to" prefixed to such Title; and upon every such Newspaper, except as aforesaid, there shall be printed in conspicuous Characters some Words clearly indicating that a Supplement is published therewith; and if any Sheet or Piece of Paper shall be published as a Supplement to any Newspaper, such Supplement and the Newspaper to which the same shall relate, not having printed thereon respectively the several Particulars by this Act required to be printed thereon respectively, and in the Manner and Form by this Act directed, the Publisher of such Newspaper shall for every such Sheet or Piece of Paper so published as a Supplement, and for every Copy thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person shall sell, deliver out, or in any other Manner publish any Sheet or Piece of Paper which shall be or shall purport to be a Supplement to any Newspaper, without at the same Time selling or otherwise publishing and delivering therewith the Newspaper to which the same shall be or purport to be a Supplement, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall print or publish, or shall cause to be printed or published, any Newspaper before there shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or to the proper authorized Officer at the Head Office for

D d 4* Stamps

After 31st Dec. 1836 no Newspaper to be printed on Paper not stamped with such appropriated Die.

Newspapers subject to the Regulations of this Act.

Particulars to be printed on Newspapers with Supplements.

Penalty for. Omission, 20L

Penalty for publishing Supplements without the Newspapers, 20L

No Person to print or publish a Newspaper until a Declaration be made

408

C.!7«.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

and delivered at the Stamp Office *

Freeh Declaration to be made In certain Caser.

Stamps in Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, or to the Distributor of Stamps or other proper Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose in or for the District within which such Newspaper shall be intended to be printed and published, a Declaration in Writing containing the several Matters and Things herein-after for that Purpose specified; that is to say, every such Declaration shall set forth the correct Title of the Newspaper to which the same shall relate, and the true Description of the House or Building wherein such Newspaper is intended to be printed, and also of the House or Building wherein such Newspaper is intended to be published, by or for or on behalf of the Proprietor thereof, and shall also set forth the true Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of every Person who is intended to be the Printer or to conduct the actual printing of such Newspaper, and of every Person who is intended to be the Publisher thereof, and of every Person who shall be a Proprietor of such Newspaper who shall be resident out of the United Kingdom, and also of every Person resident in the United Kingdom who shall be a Proprietor of the same, if the Number of such last-mentioned Persons (exclusive of the Printer and Publisher) shall not exceed Two, and in case such Numbers shall exceed Two, then of such Two Persons, being such Proprietors resident in the United Kingdom, the Amount of whose respective proportional Shares in the Property or in the Profit or Loss of such Newspaper shall not be less than the proportional Share of any other Proprietor thereof resident in the United Kingdom, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, and also where the Number of such Proprietors resident in the United Kingdom shall exceed Two, the Amount of the proportional Shares or Interests of such several Proprietors whose Names shall be specified in such Declaration; and every such Declaration shall be made and signed by every Person named therein as Printer or Publisher of the Newspaper to which such Declaration shall relate, and by such of the said Persons named therein as Proprietors as shall be resident within the United Kingdom; and a Declaration of the like Import shall be made, signed, and delivered in like Manner whenever and so often as any Share, Interest, or Property soever in any Newspaper named in any such Declaration shall be assigned, transferred, divided, or changed by Act of the Parties or by Operation of Law, so that the respective proportional Shares or Interests of the Persons named in any such Declaration as Proprietors of such Newspaper, or either of them, shall respectively become less than the proportional Share or Interest of any other Proprietor thereof, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, and also whenever and so often as any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor named in any such Declaration, or the Person conducting the actual printing of the Newspaper named in any such Declaration, shall be changed, or shall change his Place of Abode, and also whenever and so often as the Title of any such Newspaper or the Printing Office or the Place of Publication thereof shall be changed, and also whenever in any Case, or on any Occasion, or for any Purpose, the said Commissioners, or any Officer of Stamp Duties authorized in that Behalf, shall require such Declaration to be made, signed^ and delivered, and shall cause Notice in Writing for that Purpose to

be

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.;

C.?6. 409

be served upon any Person, or to be left or posted at any Place mentioned in the last preceding Declaration delivered as aforesaid, as being a Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of such Newspaper, or as being the Place of printing or publishing any such Newspaper respectively; and every such Declaration shall be made before any One or more of the said Commissioners or before any Officer of Stamp Duties or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners, either generally or specially in that Behalf; and such Commissioners or any One of them, and such Officer or other Person, are and is hereby severally and respectively authorized to take and receive such Declaration as aforesaid; and if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully sign and make any such Declaration in which shall be inserted or set forth the Name, Addition, or Place of Abode of any Person as a Proprietor, Publisher, Printer, or Conductor of the actual printing of any Newspaper to which such Declaration shall relate, who shall not be a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher thereof, or from which shall be omitted the Name, Addition, or Place of Abode of any Proprietor, Publisher, Printer, or Conductor of the actual printing of such Newspaper, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, or in which any Matter or Thing by this Act required to be set forth shall be set forth otherwise than according to the Truth, or from which Any Matter or Thing required by this Act to be truly set forth shall be entirely omitted, every such Offender being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or shall cause to be printed or published, or either as a Proprietor or otherwise sell or deliver out, any Newspaper relating to which such Declaration as aforesaid, containing such Matters and Things as are required by this Act to be therein contained, shall not have been duly signed and made and delivered when and so often as by this Act is required, or any other Matter or Thing required by this Act to be done or performed shall not have been accordingly done or performed, every Person in any such Case offending shall forfeit for every such Act done the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Day on which any such Newspaper shall be printed or published, sold or delivered out, before or until such Declaration shall be signed and made and delivered, or before or until such other Matter or Thing shall be done or performed as by this Act is directed; and every such Person shall be disabled from receiving any stamped Paper for printing such Newspaper until such Declaration shall be signed and made and delivered, or until such other Matter or Thing shall be done and performed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all such Declarations as aforesaid shall be filed and kept in such Manner as the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes shall direct for the safe Custody thereof; and Copies thereof, certified to be true Copies as by this Act is directed, shall respectively be admitted in all Proceedings, Civil and Criminal, and upon every Occasion whatsoever, touching any Newspaper mentioned in any such Declaration, or touching any Publication, Matter, or Thing contained in any such Newspaper, as conclusive Evidence of the Truth of all such Matters set forth in such Declaration as are hereby required to be therein set forth,

and

Before whom Declarations are to be made.

Penalty if the Declaration be false or defec-

Penalty for printing or publishing a Newspaper, such Declaration not having been made, 50/.

Declarations to be filed and certified; Copies to be admitted in Evidence against the Persons making the same.

410

C. 76.

6# & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1896.

Commissioners, ike. to deliver certified Copies of Declarations, and the same to be received in Evidence.

After Production of the Declaration, and a Newspaper intituled as therein mentioned, it shall not be necessary to prove the Purchase of the Paper.

and of their Continuance respectively in the same Condition down to the Time in question, against every Person who shall have signed such Declaration, unless it shall be proved that previous to such Time such Person became lunatic, or that previous to the Publication in question on such Trial such Person did duly sign and make a Declaration that such Person had ceased to be a Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of such Newspaper, and did duly deliver the same to the said Commissioners or to such Officer as aforesaid, or unless it shall be proved that previous to such Occasion as aforesaid a new Declaration of the same or a similar Nature respectively, or such as may be required by Law, was duly signed and made and delivered as aforesaid respecting the same Newspaper, in which the Person sought to be affected on such Trial did not join; and the said Commissioners, or the proper authorized Officer by whom any such Declaration shall be kept according to the Directions of this Act, shall, upon Application in Writing made to them or him respectively by any Person requiring a Copy certified according to this Act of any such Declaration as aforesaid, in order that the same may be produced in any Civil or Criminal Proceeding, deliver such certified Copy or cause the same to be delivered to the Person applying for the same upon Payment of the Sum of One Shilling, and no more; and in all Proceedings and upon all Occasions whatsoever a Copy of any such Declaration certified to be a true Copy under the Hand of One of the said Commissioners or of any Officer in whose Possession the same shall be, upon Proof made that such Certificate hath been signed with the Handwriting of a Person described in or by such Certificate as such Commissioner or Officer, and whom it shall not be necessary to prove to be a Commissioner or Officer, shall be received in Evidence against any and every Person named in such Declaration as a Person making or signing the same, as sufficient Proof of such Declaration, and that the same was duly signed and made according to this Act, and of the Contents thereof; and every such Copy so produced and certified shall have the same Effect for the Purposes of Evidence against any and every such Person named therein as aforesaid, to all Intents whatsoever, as if the original Declaration of which the Copy so produced and certified shall purport to be a Copy had been produced in Evidence, and been proved to have been duly signed and made by the Person appearing by such Copy to have signed and made the same as aforesaid; and whenever a certified Copy of any such Declaration shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid against any Person having signed and made such Declaration, and a Newspaper shall afterwards be produced in Evidence intituled in the same Manner as the Newspaper mentioned in such Declaration is intituled, and wherein the Name of the Printer and Publisher and the Place of printing shall be the same as the Name of the Printer and Publisher and the Place of printing mentioned in such Declaration, or shall purport to be the same, whether such Title, Name, and Place printed upon such Newspaper shall be set forth in the same Form of Words as is contained in the said Declaration, or in any Form of Words varying therefrom, it shall not be necessary for the Plaintiff, Informant, or Prosecutor in any Action, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, to prove

A.D. 1896.

6° & VguLielmi IV.

C. 76.

411

that the Newspaper to which such Action, Prosecution, or other Proceeding may relate was purchased of the Defendant, or at any House, Shop, or Office belonging to or occupied by the Defendant, or by his Servants or Workmen, or where he may usually carry on the Business of printing or publishing such Newspaper, or where the same may be usually sold; and if any Person, not being one of the said Commissioners or the proper authorized Officer, shall give any Certificate purporting to be such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall presume to certify any of the Matters or Things by this Act directed to be certified by such Commissioner or Officer, or which such Commissioner or Officer is hereby empowered or intrusted to certify; or if any such Commissioner or Officer shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify under his Hand that any such Declaration as is required to be made by this Act was duly signed and made before him, the same not having been so signed and made, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify that any Copy of any Declaration is a true Copy of the Declaration of which the same is certified to be such Copy, the same not being such true Copy, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That in any Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, against any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper, Service at the House or Place mentioned in any such Declaration as aforesaid as the House or Place at which such Newspaper is printed or published, or intended so to be, of any Notice or other Matter required or directed by this Act to be given or left, or of any Summons, Subpoena, Rule, Order, Writ, or Process of what Nature soever, either to enforce an Appearance, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, shall be taken to be good and sufficient Service thereof respectively upon and against every Person named in such Declaration as the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of the Newspaper mentioned in such Declaration.

X. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes shall cause to be entered in a Book to be kept at the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster, Edinburgh, and Dublin respectively the Title of every Newspaper registered at the said respective Offices, and also the Names of the Printers and Publishers thereof as the same appear in the Declarations required by this Act to be made relating to such Newspapers respectively, and all Persons shall have free Liberty to search and inspect the said Book from Time to Time during the Hours of Business at the said Offices without Payment of any Fee or Reward.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall print or publish, or shall cause to be printed or published, any Newspaper, nor shall any Officer of Stamp Duties or any Vendor of Stamps for Newspapers sell or deliver any stamped Paper foT Newspapers to any Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper, or to any Person on his Account, before or until such Printer and Publisher* together with the Proprietor of such Newspaper, or such One or more of the Proprietors thereof, as in the Judgment of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes or of the proper authorized Officer may be sufficient for the Purpose, together also with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners or such Officer

as

Penalty on unauthorized Persons giving Certificates, and on Commissioners or Officers giving false Certificates, IOOL

Service of Process at the Place of printing or publishing mentioned in the Declaration shall be deemed sufficient *

Titles of Newspapers and Names of Printers and Publishers to be entered in a Book, Sec.

Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of Newspapers to give Security for Payment of the Duties on Advertisements.

, 412

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

C. 7 6.

-Penalty for Neglect or Refusal, loot

Printers, &c.' who have made Affidavits and given Security before the Commencement of this Act not required to renew the same, except in the Cases mentioned.

Cases in which such Affidavits and Securities shall be renewed.

. as aforesaid, shall have entered into Security by Bond to His Majesty in such Sum as the said Commissioners or Officer shall think reasonable and sufficient for Payment of the Duties which shall or may from Time to tTime be payable for the Advertisements which shall be printed or inserted in such Newspaper; and every such Bond, when duly executed, shall be delivered to and deposited with the proper authorized Officer at the respective Head Offices for Stamps in Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin, according as such Newspaper shall be printed in England, Scotland, or Ireland; and such Bond shall be renewed from Time to Time, with Sureties to be approved as aforesaid, whenever any One or more of the Parties thereto shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Sea, and also whenever and so often as the said Commissioners' or any Officer of Stamp Duties authorized in that Behalf shall require the same to be renewed, and shall give Notice to the Printer, Publisher, or any Proprietor of such Newspaper for that Purpose; and every Person who shall print or publish, or shall cause to be printed or published, any Newspaper before such Bond shall have been entered into and delivered as aforesaid, or who shall neglect or refuse to renew such Bond in manner aforesaid whenever the same is or shall be required to be renewed by or in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Day on which such Newspaper shall be so printed and published before such Bond shall have been entered into and delivered as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person being a Printer or Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, and who in pursuance of any Act in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act shall have signed and sworn and delivered any Affidavit, or shall have given or entered into any Bond or Security of the same Nature and for the like Purposes as any Declaration or Bond required by this Act, shall by reason of the passing of this Act be required or bound to deliver or make any new Declaration, or to give or enter into any new Bond or Security, touching any Newspaper mentioned in such former Affidavit or Bond or Security, but every such Affidavit and every such Bond or Security so made and delivered before the Commencement of this Act as to the Newspaper therein mentioned, whether the same shall be published before or after the Commencement of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be a Compliance with this Act; and a Copy of every such Affidavit, certified as aforesaid, shall in all Proceedings and upon all Occasions whatsoever be received as conclusive Evidence, against any and every Person named in such Affidavit as a Person making, signing, or swearing the same, of all the Matters therein contained, in the same Manner as is herein-before provided with respect to any Declaration which may be made in pursuance of this Act, and shall be of the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made subsequent to the Commencement of this Act, and in conformity with the Provisions hereof: Provided nevertheless, that in case the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or any authorized Officer of Stamp Duties, shall, by Notice in Writing to be given in the Manner herein-before directed, require a Declaration

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

413

ration to be made and delivered, or any new Bond or Security to be given or entered into, in conformity with the Provisions of this Act, by any such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any such Newspaper, or in case any Transfer, Change, or Alteration shall take place in the Share, Interest, or Property of any Person named in such Affidavit relating to any such Newspaper, or in the Place of Abode of the Printer or Publisher thereof, or of any Proprietor named in such Affidavit, or the Place of printing the same, or in the Person by whom the printing of such Newspaper' shall be conducted, or in the Title of any such Newspaper, then and in ever? such Case a Declaration shall be made and delivered, and a new Bond shall be entered into and given, according to the Provisions of this Act; and every Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any such Newspaper who shall knowingly and wilfully continue to print or publish any such Newspaper, after the happening of any of the Events aforesaid, before or until a Declaration containing all the Particulars required by this Act shall be made and delivered, and a new Bond shall be entered into and given, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be subject to all such Penalties and Disabilities as such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor would have been subject or liable to under this Act if no Declaration relating to such Newspaper had ever been made, nor any such Bond entered into: And provided also, that nothing contained in this Act shall extend to require the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of the London Gazette or Dublin Gazette to make any Declaration required by this Act; but the Printers and Publishers of the said respective Gazettes shall enter into the Bonds by this Act required, together with the Sureties hereinbefore mentioned, for securing the Payment of the Duties upon all Advertisements which shall be printed in the said Gazettes respectively, and shall renew the same from Time to Time in like Manner as the Printers and Publishers of other Newspapers are or may be required to renew their respective Bonds by or under this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Printer or Publisher of every Newspaper printed or published in the City of London *, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles of any of the said Cities respectively, shall, upon every Day on which such Newspaper shall be published or on the Day next following which shall not be a Holiday, between the Hours of Ten and Three on each Day, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes or to the proper authorized Officer, at the Head Office for Stamps in one of the said Cities respectively in or nearest to which such Newspaper shall be printed or published, One Copy of every such Newspaper and of every second or other varied Edition or Impression thereof so printed or published, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer or Publisher thereof, signed and written thereon after the same shall be printed by his proper Hand and in his accustomed Manner of signing, or by some Person appointed and authorized by him for that Purpose, and of whose Appointment and Authority Notice in Writing, signed by such Printer or Publisher in the Presence of and attested by an Officer of Stamp Duties, shall be given to the said Commissioners, or to the Officer to whom such Copies are to be

Printers, &c. of London and Dublin Gazettes not required to make Declaration of Proprietorship.

Copies of Newspapers shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, on Penalty of 2011, and may be produced in Evidence.

414 C 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

delivered; and the Printer or Publisher of every Newspaper printed or published in any other Place in the United Kingdom shall, upon every Day on which such Newspaper shall be published, or within Three Days next following, in like Manner between the Hours of Ten and Three, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Distributor of Stamps or other authorized Officer in whose District such Newspaper shall be printed or published Two Copies of every such Newspaper, and of every second or other varied Edition or Impression thereof so printed or published, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer or Publisher thereof signed and written thereon in manner aforesaid after the same shall be printed, and the same Copies shall be carefully kept by the said Commissioners, or by such Distributor or Officer as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and such Printer or Publisher shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer, once in every Week, the; Amount of the ordinary Price of the Newspapers so delivered; and every Printer and Publisher of such Newspaper who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered in manner herein-before directed such Copy or Copies signed as aforesaid shall for every such Neglect respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Person shall make Application in Writing to the said Commissioners, or to such Distributor or Officer as aforesaid, in order that any Newspaper so signed as aforesaid may be produced in Evidence in any Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, the said Commissioners, or Distributor or Officer, shall, at the Expence of the Party applying, at any Time within Two Years from the Publication thereof, either cause such Newspaper to be produced in the Court in which and at the Time when the same is required to be produced, or shall deliver the same to the Party applying for the same, taking according to their Discretion reasonable Security, at the Expence of such Party, for returning the same to the said Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer, within a certain Period to be fixed by them respectively; and in case by reason that such Newspaper shall have been previously applied for in manner aforesaid by any other Person the same cannot be produced or cannot be delivered according to any subsequent Application, in such Case the said Commissioners, or such Distributor or Officer as aforesaid, shall cause the same to be produced or shall deliver the same as soon as they are enabled so to do; and all Copies so delivered as aforesaid shall be Evidence against every Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor of every such Newspaper respectively in all Proceedings, Civil or Criminal, to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such Newspaper as any Matter or Thing therein contained, and touching any other Newspaper and any Matter or Thing therein contained which shall be of the same Title, Purport, or Effect with such Copy so delivered as aforesaid, although such Copy may vary in some Instances or Particulars either as to Title, Purport, or Effect; and every Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor of any Copy so delivered as aforesaid shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed to be the Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor respectively of ail Newspapers which shall be of the same Title, Purport, or Effect with such Copies or Impressions so delivered as

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI. IV. C. 7G. 415

aforesaid, notwithstanding such Variance as aforesaid, unless such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor respectively shall prove that such Newspapers were not printed or published by him, nor by nor with his Knowledge or Privity: Provided always, that if any Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper which shall not be printed and published in the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles of the said Cities respectively, shall find it more convenient to cause such Copies of such Newspaper to be delivered to any other Distributor of Stamps than the Distributor in whose District such Newspaper shall be published, and such Printer or Publisher shall state such Matter by Petition to the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, and pray that he may have Liberty to cause such Copies to be delivered to such other Distributor as he shall so name at the Office of such Distributor, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same accordingly, and from and after the Date of such Order the Place of Publication of such Newspaper shall for that Purpose only be deemed and taken to be within the District of such other Distributor until the same shall be otherwise ordered by the said Commissioners.

XIV. And be it enacted, That at the End of every Newspaper, and of any and every supplement Sheet or Piece of Paper, shall be printed the Christian Name and Surname, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Printer and Publisher of the same, and also a true Description of the House or Building wherein the same is actually printed and published respectively, and the Day of the Week, Month, and Year on which the same is published; und if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Newspaper or Supplement thereto whereon the several Particulars aforesaid shall not be printed, or whereon there shall be printed any false Name, Addition, Place, or Day, or whereon there shall be printed any Description of the Place of printing or publishing such Newspaper which shall be different in any respect from the Description of the House or Building mentioned in the Declaration required by this Act to be made relating to such Newspaper as the House or Building wherein such Newspaper is intended to be printed or published, every such Person shall for any and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person other than a Commissioner of Stamps and Taxes, or Officer of Stamp Duties, to sell, supply, or part with any Papers stamped for the Purpose of being used for printing Newspapers thereon, unless nor until such Person shall be duly licensed and authorized by the said Commissioners to vend Newspaper Stamps, and shall have given Security by Bond to His Majesty, with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, in such Sum as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and the several Conditions of such Bond shall be as follow; (that is to say,) that such Vendor of Newspaper Stamps shall and will deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, within Four Days after the End of every Six Weeks, a true and accurate Account of the Quantities and Kinds of all Paper stamped as aforesaid by him sold, supplied, or delivered during such Six

Weeks

Commissioners may allow Printer to lodge his Paper with any Distributor.

Name of Printer and other Particulars to be printed on Newspapers.

None but Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes or their Officer shall supply Paper stamped for printing Newspapers without haring given Security, with such Conditions as herein mentioned.

416

C. 76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Printer, &c. of Newspaper shall not supply other Printers with Stamps.

Persons concerned in printing Newspapers not duly stamped shall be Debtors to His

Weeks immediately preceding, and to what Persons, naming them; and that such Vendor will not sell, supply, or part with any such Paper to or on account of any Person other than a Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of a Newspaper; and that such Vendor will not sell, supply, or part with such Paper to or on account of any such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, until the Person applying for the same shall have delivered to such Vendor a Certificate signed by One or more of the said Commissioners, or by the proper authorized Officer of Stamp Duties, purporting that such Security as is required by Law hath been given by the Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor respectively of the Newspaper for the printing of which such stamped Paper is to be sold, supplied, or parted with, and that such Declaration hath been made and delivered respecting the same as is by this Act required; and' that such Vendor will not sell, supply, or part with any such Paper to or on account of any Printer, Proprietor, or Publisher of any Newspaper, with respect to whom Notice shall be given to any such Vendor by the said Commissioners or any such Officer that such Security has not been duly given, or has not been renewed, pursuant to this Act, or is not remaining in force, or that the Parties or any of them who have given the same are or is dead, or gone Abroad, or are or is not to be found, or that such Parties or any of them have or hath given Notice that they or he are or is no longer concerned as Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors, or as a Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of such Newspaper, or that no such Declaration respecting the same, as required by this Act, hath been made and delivered, or that any such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor hath become disabled or disqualified under this Act to be the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any such Newspaper or to receive stamped Paper for the Purpose of printing the same; and if any Person as aforesaid shall sell, supply, or part with any such stamped Paper for the Purpose aforesaid without having given such Security as aforesaid, or if any Person who shall obtain or receive any stamped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper of which he is or shall be the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, shall furnish or supply any other Person with any such stamped Paper, or if any Person shall use for the printing of any Newspaper any stamped Paper which he shall receive or be furnished with by or from any Person other than the said Commissioners or their Officers, or some Person duly authorized to sell or distribute such stamped Paper, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in any Proceeding for Recovery of such Penalty in the last-mentioned Case it shall lie on the Person sought to be charged with such Offence to prove that the stamped Paper used by such Person in the printing of any Newspaper was obtained by such Person from the said Commissioners or their Officers, or from some Person duly authorized to sell or distribute such stamped Paper, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person printing or publishing, or being concerned either as Proprietor or otherwise in printing or publishing, any Newspaper upon Paper not duly stamped, shall be deemed and taken to owe to His Majesty such Sums of Money as would have accrued to His Majesty in case the

7 same

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

417

same had been printed upon Paper duly stamped; and whenever Majesty for the any Information or Bill shall be filed, or other Proceeding shall be Duty-had on His Majesty's Behalf, for Discovery of the Matters aforesaid, and for an Account and Payment of such Sums, it shall not be lawful for the Defendant to plead or demur to such Information, Bill, or Proceeding, but he shall be compellable to make such Discovery as shall be thereby required to be made: Provided always, that such Discovery shall not be made use of as Evidence or otherwise in any Proceeding against any such Defendant except only in that Proceeding in which the Discovery is made.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly Penalty °« and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, Pe^ any Newspaper on Paper not duly stamped according to Law, or if «Uing, &c! any Person shall knowingly and wilfully sell, utter, or expose to Newspapers not Sale, or shall dispose of or distribute, any Newspaper not duly duly stamped, stamped as aforesaid, or if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully have in his Possession any Newspaper not duly stamped as aforesaid, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Newspaper, and for every Copy thereof not duly stamped, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover it shall be lawful for any Officer of Stamp Duties, or for any Person appointed or authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes in that Behalf, to seize and apprehend any such Offender as aforesaid, and to take him or cause him to be taken before any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where the Offence shall be committed, who shall hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon Conviction such Offender shall not immediately pay the Penalty or Penalties in which he shall be convicted, such Justice shall forthwith commit him to Prison for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid:

Provided always, that if any such Offender as aforesaid shall not be apprehended and proceeded against in the Manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Penalty or Penalties incurred by any such Offence as aforesaid shall be recoverable by any other of the Ways and Means provided for the Recovery of Penalties incurred under this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly Penalty for and wilfully directly or indirectly send or carry, or endeavour to sending Abroad send or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, or do or Newspapers not cause to be done any Act whatever for or towards the sending or du y *toroPed' carrying, or for or towards the causing or procuring to be sent or carried, or with Intent that the same should be sent or carried, out . of any Part of the United Kingdom, any Newspaper, the same not being duly stamped according to Law, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful Officers of for any Officer of Stamp Duties, or for any Person appointed or Stamp Duties authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes in that se|feIl, n' Behalf, without any other Warrant than this Act, to seize and take ew*-

away all Newspapers not duly stamped wheresoever the same shall be found, unless the same shall be in the Possession of some Person having the Custody thereof by lawful Authority; and all Newspapers not duly stamped which shall be seized or taken under any of the Provisions of this Act shall be destroyed or other-6 & 7 Gul. IV. E e wise

C. 76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Discovery of Proprietors, Printers, or Publishers of Newspapers may be enforced by Bill, &c.

The Duty on Advertisements inserted in Newspapers when and where to be paid.

Stamped Paper may be refused to Persons in arrear for Advertisement Duty.

A printed Copy of every Pamphlet or Paper containing Advertisements to lie brought to the Stamp Office to be entered, and the Duty thereon to be paid.

wise disposed of as the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes may direct

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall file any Bill in any Court for the Discovery of the Name of any Person concerned as Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper, or of any Matters relative to the printing or publishing of any Newspaper, in order the more effectually to bring or carry on any Suit or Action for Damages alleged to have been sustained by reason of any slanderous or libellous Matter contained in any such Newspaper respecting such Person, it shall not be lawful for the Defendant to plead or demur to such Bill, but such Defendant shall be compellable to make the Discovery required: Provided always, that such Discovery shall not be made use of as Evidence or otherwise in any Proceeding against the Defendant save only in that Proceeding for which the Discovery is made.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of every Newspaper shall, within Twenty-eight Days after the last Day of every Calendar Month, pay or cause to be paid the Duly chargeable on all and every Advertisement and Advertisements contained in or published with such Newspaper during the said Calendar Month to the Receiver General of Stamps and Taxes, or to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, at the Head Office for Stamps in the Cities of Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, if such Newspaper shall be printed or published within any of the said Cities, or within Twenty Miles thereof respectively, and if the same shall be printed or published in any other Part of the United Kingdom, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District such Newspaper shall be printed or published; and if any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper shall neglect to pay within Ten Days next after Notice given Kto him by any Officer of Stamp Duties, after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-eight Days, the Duty on any such Advertisement, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes and their Officers and they are hereby required to refuse to sell or deliver, and also to give Notice to and to require any Vendor of such stamped Paper to refuse to sell or deliver, to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor, any such stamped Paper for printing such Newspaper thereon until all Arrears of Advertisement Duty to the Payment of which such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor may be subject shall be duly paid and discharged up to and for the last Day of the Month next preceding the Month in which such Payment shall be made.

XXI. And be it enacted, That One printed Copy of every periodical literary Work or Paper (not being a Newspaper) , containing or having published therewith any Advertisements or Advertisement liable to Stamp Duty, which shall be published within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, or within Twenty Miles thereof respectively, shall, within the Space of Six Days next after the Publication thereof, be brought, together with all Advertisements printed therein, or published or intended to be published therewith, to the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin nearest to which such literary Work or Paper shall have been published, and the Title thereof, and the Christian Name and Surname of the Printer and Publisher thereof,

with

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

41$)

with the Number of Advertisements contained therein or published therewith, and any Stamp Duty by Law payable in respect of such Advertisements, shall be registered in a Book to be kept at such Office, and the Duty on such Advertisements shall be there paid to the Receiver General of Stamps and Taxes for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, or the proper authorized Officer; and One printed Copy of every such literary Work or Paper as aforesaid which shall be published in any Place in the United Kingdom not being within the Cities of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within Twenty Miles thereof respectively, shall, within the Space of Ten Day8 next after the Publication thereof, be brought, together with all such Advertisements as aforesaid, to the Head Distributor of Stamps for the Time being within the District in which such literary Work or Paper shall be published, and such Distributor is hereby required forthwith to register the same in manner aforesaid, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, and the Duty payable in respect of such Advertisements shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor; and if the Duty "which shall be by Law payable in respect of any such Advertisements as aforesaid shall not be duly paid within the respective Times and in the Manner herein-before limited and appointed for that Purpose, the Printer and Publisher of such literary Work or Paper, and every other Person concerned in the printing or publishing thereof, and the Publisher of any such Advertisements, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and in any Action, Information, or other Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty, or for the Recovery of the Duty on any such Advertisements, Proof of the Payment of the said Duty shall lie upon the Defendant

XXII. And be it enacted, That upon Information given before any Justice of the Peace upon the Oath of One or more credible Person or Persons (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) that there is reasonable and probable Cause to suspect any Person of being or having been at any Time within One Calendar Month last preceding in any Way knowingly and wilfully engaged or concerned in printing, publishing, vending, or otherwise distributing any Newspaper not duly stamped as required by Law, or of being unlawfully possessed of any Newspapers not duly stamped as aforesaid, or that any Printing Press, Engine, Machine, Types, or other Implements or Utensils for printing is or are or have been by any Person knowingly and wilfully used within the Time last aforesaid for the Purpose of composing or printing any Newspaper not duly stamped as aforesaid, or that any such Newspapers are sold or distributed, or kept for Sale or Distribution, or are unlawfully deposited in any Place, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required, upon the Application of any Officer of Stamp Duties, to grant a Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, or any Officer of Stamp Duties, or other Person or Persons named in such Warrant, authorizing and empowering him or them, with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, to enter and search in the Daytime any House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or other Place belonging to such suspected Person,

E e 2 or

Penalty for Neglect to pay Duty, 20L

Justices of the Peace on Information upon Oath may grant Warrants to search for unstamped Newspapers, and to seise Presses, &c. used in printing the same.

420

C. 76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183

On Refusal of Admittance on Execution of Search Warrant, Constables may break open Doors.

Penalty on Persons resisting Constables in execution of their Duties under this Act, 20/.

or where such Person shall be suspected of being engaged or concerned or of having been engaged or concerned in the Commission of any such illegal Act as aforesaid, or where any such Printing Press, Engine, Machine, Types, Implements, or Utensils suspected to be or to have been used for any such illegal Purpose as aforesaid shall be or be suspected to be, or where any such Newspapers as aforesaid are suspected to be sold or distributed, or kept or deposited as aforesaid; and if upon any such Search as aforesaid any Newspapers not duly stamped as aforesaid, or any Printing Press, Engine, Machine, Types, Implements, or Utensils which shall have been used in printing or publishing any such Newspaper as aforesaid within the Time last aforesaid, shall be found, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, and his or their Assistant or Assistants, to seize and take away the same, together with all other Presses, Engines, Machines, Types, Implements, Utensils, and Materials for printing belonging to the same Person, or which shall be found in the same House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or Place; and all such Presses, Engines, Machines, Types, Implements, Utensils, and Materials shall be forfeited to the Use of His Majesty, and shall be proceeded against to Condemnation in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, in like Manner as in the Case of any Goods seized as forfeited for any Breach of the Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That upon the Execution of any Warrant granted under this Act, authorizing any Search to be made in any House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or other Place, if on Demand of Admittance and Notice of any such Warrant the Door of any such House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or other Place shall not be forthwith opened, it shall be lawful for the Constable or other Peace Officer having the Execution of such Warrant, or for any other Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be directed, in the Presence of any Constable or other Peace Officer, in the Daytime, to break open such Door, and to enter thereat for the Purpose of making such Search as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to permit any Constable, Peace Officer, or Officer of Stamp Duties, or any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, to enter into any House, Room, Shop, Warehouse, Outhouse, Building, or other Place, for the Purpose of making any Search by or under this Act directed or authorized to be made, or shall resist, obstruct, molest, prevent, or hinder any such Constable, Officer, or Person as aforesaid in the making of any such Search, or in the Execution of any Warrant issued under or in pursuance of this Act, or in the seizing or taking away of any Goods, Chattels, Articles, Matters, or Things which may be lawfully seized or taken, or in the apprehending or detaining of any Offender or other Person who may lawfully be apprehended or detained, or otherwise in the Execution of any of the Duties, Powers, or Authorities given to or vested in any such Constable, Officer, or other Person as aforesaid by or under any of the Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending in any of the several Cases aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and all Constables and other Peace

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

421

Peace Officers shall be and they are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of all Warrants issued under this Act; and if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall neglect or refuse to do or perform any Service or Duty by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, or shall neglect or refuse to aid and assist 'in the Execution of any such Warrant as aforesaid, or of any of the Provisions of this Act, upon proper Application or Notice made or given to him in that Behalf, or shall neglect or refuse to execute or serve any Warrant or Summons granted or issued pursuant to any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Constable or Peace Officer shall forfeit Ten Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person having in his Possession any Printing Press, or any Engine or Machine for printing, if he shall think fit, to deliver or cause to be delivered in the Manner herein-after mentioned a Notice thereof signed with his own Hand in the Presence of and attested by an Officer of Stamp Duties, which Notice shall specify the Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person possessed of any such Printing Press, Engine, or Machine, and a true Description of the House or Building and Place in which the same shall be kept and used for printing; and every such Person who shall give any such Notice as aforesaid shall also at the same Time, if he shall think fit, deliver or cause to be delivered in like Manner a List of all or any of the periodical Papers for the printing of which any such Press, Engine, or Machine is used or intended to be used, and every such Person as aforesaid shall afterwards from Time to Time quarterly, that is to say, within Seven Days after the First Day of March, the First Day of June, the First Day of September, and the First Day of December in every Year, deliver or cause to be delivered in like Manner a similar List of all or any of such periodical Papers as aforesaid; and in the meantime and from Time to Time as often as such Person shall undertake or permit the printing with any such Press, Engine, or Machine as aforesaid of any periodical Paper not specified in the last quarterly List delivered by such Person, he shall, if he shall think fit, before the Commencement of the printing of such last-mentioned Paper, or within Three Days next after any Part or Number thereof shall be first printed with any such Press, Engine, or Machine as aforesaid, give Notice of the printing thereof in manner herein-after mentioned; and every such List and Notice of Papers for the printing of which any such Press, Engine, or Machine is used or intended to be used shall be signed by the Person possessed of such Printing Press, Engine, or Machine with his own Hand, or by some Person appointed and authorized by him for that Purpose, and of whose Appointment and Authority Notice in Writing signed by the Person possessed of such Press, Engine, or Machine as aforesaid, in the Presence of and attested by an Officer of Stamp Duties, shall be given to the said Commissioners, or to the Officer to whom such Lists as aforesaid are to be delivered; and every such List and Notice of Papers printed or to be printed as aforesaid shall specify and set forth the correct Title of every such Paper, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer thereof as the same shall appear in the Imprint, and also

Constables to aid in executing Warrants.

Penalty for Refusal or Neglect of Duty.

Persons possessed of Printing Presses may give Notice thereof at the Stamp Office, and return Lists of periodical Papers for the printing of which such Presses are used.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

C. 76.

Persona who shall give such Notice and do-liver such List not to be liable to any Penalty by reason of printing on unstamped Paper any Paper specified in such List, unless previous Notice be given to them by a Commissioner or Officer of Stamp Duties of its Liability to Stamp Duty.

the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who shall employ the Person possessed of such Press, Engine, or Machine to print or work off such Paper, or who shall engage or use any such Press, Engine, or Machine for that Purpose; and every such Notice as aforesaid relating to the Possession of any Printing Press, Engine, or Machine, and also every List or Notice of the Papers printed or to be printed therewith, shall respectively be delivered to the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or to some Officer appointed by them to receive the same respectively, at the Head Office for Stamps in Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin, according as the Person giving any such Notice or List shall reside in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or to the Distributor of Stamps for the District in which such Person shall reside.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall have duly

fiven such Notice as aforesaid of being possessed of any Press, Engine, or Machine for printing, and shall, within the respective Periods and in the Manner herein-before limited and directed for that Purpose, have delivered Lists and Notices of all or any of the periodical Papers for the printing of which any such Press* Engine, or Machine shall be used, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act in respect of any Paper, the same not being a registered Newspaper, truly specified in the last quarterly List delivered by such Person, or in any Notice duly given by him since the Delivery of the said List, by reason of such Paper having been printed with any such Press, Engine, or Machine of the Possession of which such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, although such Paper may be liable to Stamp Duty, and may have been printed on Paper not duly stamped, unless the same shall be a registered Newspaper, or unless the same shall have been so printed as aforesaid, after Notice given by the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or some Officer of Stamp Duties, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) provided always, that if a Notice signed by any One or more of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or by any Officer of Stamp Duties, shall be delivered to any Person possessed of any such Printing Press, Engine, or Machine, or shall be left for him at the Place mentioned in any Notice given by him as aforesaid as the Place of his Abode, or the Place where such Printing Press, Engine, or Machine is used for printing, informing him that any Paper is chargeable with Stamp Duty as a Newspaper under this Act, then if the same shall be so chargeable, and such Person shall after such Notice as aforesaid continue to print such Paper, or any subsequent Part or Number thereof, or any Paper of the like Nature, whether under the same or any different Form or Title, or if after such Notice as aforesaid such Person shall permit or suffer any Press, Engine, or Machine belonging to him or in his Possession to be used for the printing of any such Paper, Part, or Number as aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act for any Offence committed against any of the Provisions thereof, after such Notice as aforesaid, without any further or other Notice or Caution: Provided also, that every Person who shall neglect or omit to give any such Notice or to deliver any such List as aforesaid in the Manner and Form and within the Time herein-before directed and limited in that Behalf, shall be liable to

and

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

23

and chargeable with all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act for any Offence committed against the Provisions thereof, without any previous Notice or Caution whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all Actions- and Prosecutions which shall be brought or commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act shall be commenced and prosecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall in England or Ireland be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and shall in Scotland be brought in the Court of Exchequer; and Notice in Writing of such Action and of the Cause thereof shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and the Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and any other Matter or Thing in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Cause of Action shall appear to arise from any Matter or Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action shall be brought after the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or if Notice of such Action shall not have been given in manner aforesaid, or if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action commenced, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action commenced by or on behalf of the Defendant, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue any such Action, or if, on Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs of Suit as between Attorney and Client, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant may have for Costs of Suit in other Cases at Law.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties under this Act may be sued or prosecuted for and recovered for the Use of His Majesty in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General in England or Ireland, or of His Majesty's Advocate General or Solicitor General in Scotland, or of the Solicitor of Stamps and Taxes in England or Scotland, or of the Solicitor of Stamps in Ireland, or of any Person authorized to sue or prosecute for the same, by Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, or in the Name of any Officer of Stamp Duties, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster in respect of any Penalty incurred in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland in respect of any Penalty incurred in Scotland, and in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman, or Assistant Barrister within whose local Jurisdiction any Offence shall have been committed, in respect of any Penalty incurred in Ireland, or in respect of any Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds by Information or Complaint before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Part of the United Kingdom, in manner by this Act provided; and it shall not be lawful for any Person other than as aforesaid to inform, sue, or prosecute for any such Penalty as aforesaid except where, in the

Eel Case

Limitation of Actions.

Venue local.

Notice of Action.

General Issue.

Tender of Amends.

Costs.

Recovery of Penalties.

424

C. 76/

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 183

No Eaoign, &c.

Application of Penalties.

Mode of proceeding for the Recovery of Penalties before Justices of the Peace.

Case of apprehending an Offender by any Person appointed or authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes in that Behalf, it is by this Act otherwise expressly provided and allowed; and it shall be lawful in all Cases for the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, either before or after any Proceedings commenced for Recovery of any such Penalty, to mitigate or compound any such Penalty as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and to stay any such Proceedings after the same shall have been commenced, and whether Judgment may have been obtained for such Penalty or not, on Payment of Part only of any such Penalty, with or without Costs, or on Payment only of the Costs incurred in such Proceeding, or of any Part thereof, or on such other Terms as such Commissioners shall judge reasonable: Provided always, that in no such Proceeding as aforesaid shall any Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties imposed by or incurred under this Act, by whom or in whose Name soever the same shall be sued or prosecuted for or recovered, shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, and shall be deemed to be and shall be accounted for as Part of His Majesty's Revenue arising from Stamp Duties, any thing in any Act contained, or any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, at their Discretion, to give all or any Part of such Penalties as Rewards to any Person or Persons who shall have detected the Offenders, or given Information which may have led to their Prosecution and Conviction.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction any Offence the Penalty for which shall not exceed Twenty Pounds shall be committed against this Act, and such Justice is hereby required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made by any Person duly authorized in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused and also the Witnesses on either Side to be and appear before the said Justice or before any other Justice of the Peace at a Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose, and whether the Party accused shall appear or not it shall be lawful for the said Justice or any other Justice present at the Time and Place appointed for such Appearance to proceed to examine into the Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof to the Satisfaction of any such Justice, either by Confession of the Party accused or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Offender, and to give Judgment for the Penalty and Costs to be assessed by any such Justice, and to issue his Warrant for levying such Penalty and Costs, and also the reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Distress, on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Five Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty and Costs, such Justice, or any other Justice of the District or Place in which such Conviction shall take place, shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty, Costs, and 7 Charges

AJJ.1830. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal against the same to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the District or Place where the Offence shall have been committed which shall be held next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Day on which such Conviction shall have been made* of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the Prosecutor or Informer Seven clear Days previous to the first Day of such Sessions, and it shall be lawful for such Justices at such Sessions to examine Witnesses on Oath, and finally to hear and determine such Appeal; and in case any Conviction of such Justice shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for the Justices at such Sessions to award and order the Person convicted to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that no Person convicted before any such Justice shall be entitled or permitted to appeal against such Conviction in manner aforesaid unless within Three Days after such Conviction made he shall enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice, to enter and prosecute such Appeal, and to pay the Amount of the Penalty and Costs in which he shall have been convicted, and also such further Costs as shall be awarded in case such Conviction shall be affirmed on such Appeal: Provided also, that no such Proceedings so to be taken as aforesaid shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or shall be removed by Certiorari, Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any Superior or other Court or Jurisdiction in any Part of the United Kingdom, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act to mitigate as he shall see fit any pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed in Cases where such Justice shall see Cause so to do; provided that all reasonable Costs and Charges incurred as well in discovering as in prosecuting for such Offence shall be always allowed, over and above the Sum to which such Penalty shall be mitigated, and provided that such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than One Fourth of the Penalty incurred, exclusive of such Costs and Charges, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Justice before whom any* Person shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act shall cause the Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mulatis mutandis; (that is to say,)

4 County of i TJE it remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j in Year of our Lord

at A.B. of was duly convicted before me

4 C.D. Esquire, one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance of an Act passed in the

4 Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled 4 [Title of this Act], for that the said A.B.

[here state the Offence], 4 contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A.B. hath

forfeited

42&

Appeal to Sessions.

Notice of Appeal.

Sessions may give Costs.

Persons convicted to give Security on Appeal.

No Certiorari.

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

G76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

For compelling Attendance of WitneMes before Justices.

What shall be deemed good Service of Process, &c. in Proceedings under this Act

Repeal of Acts and Parts of Acts, Ac.

Acts passed in the Parliaments of G.B., viz.

10 Ann. c. 19.

11 G. 1. c. 8.

forfeited the Sum of and [if the Justice mitigate

the Penalty'} which Sum of I do hereby mitigate to

the Sum of over and above the Sum of

which I do allow to JB.F. for his reasonable Costs and Expences in prosecuting this Conviction. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to summon any Person to appear before such Justice or before any other Justice of the Peace to give Evidence touching any Offence against the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person who shall be so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear, according to the Exigency of such Summons, at the Time and Place therein for that Purpose named, without reasonable Matter of Excuse to be stated upon Oath and proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice before whom any Information or Complaint shall be depending or shall have been made touching any such Offence as aforesaid, or if such Person having appeared shall refuse to give Evidence respecting any such Offence or other Matter as aforesaid, then every Person so offending shall forfeit Ten Pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in any Proceeding either in any Court, or before any Justice of the Peace, or otherwise, under this Act, or for summoning any Party, Witness, or other Person in or for the Purpose of any such Proceeding, it shall not be necessary that the original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice, Demand, or Order whatsoever, should be personally served on the Defendant or Person to be summoned, but it shall be sufficient that such Process, Summons, Notice, Demand, or Order, or a Copy thereof respectively, be left at the last known Place of Abode of such Defendant or Person to be summoned.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the several Acts and Parts of Acts herein-after mentioned, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as are now in force, and the Stamp Duties thereby granted, or such of them as are now payable upon or in respect of Newspapers, shall respectively remain and continue in force and be payable until and upon the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and shall from thenceforth cease, determine, and be repealed, (that is to say,) the several Acts and Parts of Acts passed in the Parliaments of Great Britain herein-after specified; namely,

So much of an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of laying Duties upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements, as relates in any Manner to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers or the Duties on Advertisements, or as imposes any Penalty with relation to the said Duties or either of them:

And so much of an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of explaining the said last-mentioned Act in relation to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers, as in any Manner relates to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers:

6

And

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76. 427

And so much of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of the 16 G. s. c. 26. Reign of King George the Second, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of punishing the Vendors of unstamped Newspapers, as in any Manner relates to such Purpose: ,

And so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering 5 G. s. c. 46. the Stamp Dudes upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Dudes in Great Britain, as requires Security to be given to His Majesty for Payment of the Duties on Advertisements:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act 19 G-3- c. 65. for explaining Two Acts made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Dudes upon Newspapers:

And so much of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign 16 G. s. c. 84. of the said King George the Third, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of granting several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers, as in any Manner relates to Newspapers or to the Stamp Duties thereon:

And so much of an Act of the Twentieth Year of the 20G. s. c. 28. Reign of the said King George the Third, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of granting additional Duties on Advertisements, as relates to such Duties:

And so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year 29 G. s. c. 50 of the Reign of the said King George the Third, for granting additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements,

Cards, and Dice, as in any Manner relates to Newspapers or . Advertisements, or to the Duties thereon respectively:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An 34 G. s. c. 72. Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Dudes to stamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper:

And so much of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the 37 G. 3. c. 90. said King George the Third, passed for the Purpose (amongst other Things) of granting certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, as in any Manner relates to Newspapers or to the Duties thereon, or to any Discount or Allowance in respect of the said Duties:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An 38 G. 3. o. 78. Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers and Papers of a like Nature by Persons not known, and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other respects:

And the whole of Two several Acts passed in the Parliaments of hcts passed in Ireland herein-after specified; (that is to say,) the Parliaments

An Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth ° r 411 »v"* Years of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled

428

C. 76.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

29 & 24 G. 3. c. 28.

38 G. 3. c. 7.

Acts passed in the Parliaments of U. K .; viz.

4) G. 3. c. 10.

44 G. 3. c. 98.

49 G. 3. c. 50.

55 G. 3. c. 80.

55 G. 3. c. 185.

56 G. 3. c. 56.

tilled An Act to secure the Liberty of the Press by preventing the Abuses arising from the Publication of traitorous, seditious, false, and slanderous Libels by Persons unknown:

And an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, for amending the said last-mentioned Act:

And the several Acts and Parts of Acts passed in the Parliaments of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland herein-after specified; (that is to say,)

So much of an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to revive, amend, Continue, or make perpetual certain temporary Statutes, as makes perpetual or otherwise relates to the said Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of the said King:

And so much of an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, for granting certain additional Stamp Duties, as in any Manner relates to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers, or to any Discount or Allowance in respect of the said last-mentioned Stamp Duties: And so much of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, as in any Manner relates to Newspapers or to the Duties thereon, or to any Discount or Allowance in respect of the said Duties:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated: And the whole of an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks, and Newspapers in Ireland: And so much of another Act passed in the said Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof as in any Manner relates to Newspapers or the Duties thereon, or to any Discount or Allowance in respect of the said Duties:

And so much of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collectio7i and Management of the said Duties, and to grant ?icw Stamp Duties in lieu thereof and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting land managing the said Duties, as in any Manner relates to Newspapers ar

429

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 76.

to the Duties thereon, or to any Discount or Allowance in respect of the said Duties:

And so much of an Act passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Third, intituled An Act to subject certain Publications to the Duties of Stamps upon Newspapers, and to make other Regulations for restraining the Abuses arising from the Publication of blasphemous and seditious Libels, as subjects any Newspaper or other Paper or Pamphlet to any Stamp Duty:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to allow Newspapers to be printed upon Paper of a larger Size than is now allowed, and to reduce the Stamp Duties now payable upon Supplements to Newspapers and other Papers in Great Britain:

And so much of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to reduce the Stamp Dudes on Advertisements and on certain Sea Insurances, to repeal the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and on Receipts for Sums under Five Pounds, and to exempt Insurances on Farming Stock from Stamp Duties, as provides the Mode of collecting the Duty on Advertisements contained in or published with any Pamphlet, periodical Paper, or literary Work:

And the whole of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of King George the Third, for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers and Papers of a like Nature by Persons not known, and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other respects, and to discontinue certain Actions commenced under the Provisions of the said Act:

And the said several Acts and Parts of Acts herein-before specified shall be and the same are hereby repealed accordingly, save and except only so far as is herein.in that Behalf provided.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal any of the herein-before mentioned Acts or Parts of Acts with respect to any Duty or Arrears of any Duty whatsoever which before or upon the said Fourteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six shall have accrued and been incurred under or by virtue of the said Acts or Parts of Acts, or any of them respectively, and which shall then or at any Time afterwards be or become due or payable and remain in arrear and unpaid, or with respect to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture or Punishment incurred and not recovered or suffered for or in respect of any Offence or Crime committed or to be committed against the said several Acts or Parts of Acts respectively, or any of them, upon or before the said Fourteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, or with respect to any Proceedings, Civil or Criminal, commenced or to be commenced against any Person for the Recovery of any such Arrears of Duty, or of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or for the Infliction of any such Punishment as aforesaid, but that all such

Arrears

60 G. 3. c. a.

6 G.4. c. 119.

S&4W.4. o.23.

S W. 4. c. 2.

Exception of all Arrears of Duty and all Penalties, &c. incurred.

430

C. 76;

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

This Act not to revive any Act heretofore expired or repealed, nor to annul any Indemnity granted.

Stamps rendered useless by this Act may be cancelled and allowed.

Construction of the Terms used in this Act.

Act may be altered.

Arrears of Duty, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments shall and may respectively be sued or prosecuted for, recovered, obtained, and inflicted, by the same Ways and Means and in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed: And provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal any of the said herein-before mentioned Acts or Parts of Acts so far as the same or any of them repeal the whole or any Part of any other Act or Acts; and that no Matter or Thing whatever in this Act contained shall revive or be construed to revive, for any Period or Purpose whatsoever, any Act or Acts, or any Part of any Act or Acts, which before the passing of this Act shall have expired, or which by any Act or Acts passed before the passing of this Act shall have been repealed; and that the Repeal of any Act or Acts herein-before mentioned, or any other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to repeal or annul or in any way to affect any Indemnity granted under or by virtue of any Act or Acts so repealed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person having in his Possession any Paper stamped with any of the Duties hereby repealed, and not made use of, or who may at any Time hereafter have in his Possession any Paper stamped for denoting the Duties by this Act granted, and which may be rendered useless by reason of any Change of Dies, or by the Operation of any of the Provisions of this Act, to bring the same to the Head Office for Stamps in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after the said Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, or within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall be so rendered useless, in order that the Stamps thereon may be cancelled and allowed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes or their proper Officers to cancel and allow such Stamps accordingly, and to stamp such Paper or any Portion thereof, and any other Paper which shall be brought for that Purpose, with Stamps denoting the Duty by this Act granted to the Amount or Value of the Stamps so to be cancelled and allowed as aforesaid, after deducting the Amount of any Discount allowed thereon.

XXXV. And in order to avoid the frequent Use of divers Terms and Expressions in this Act, and to prevent any Misconstruction of the Terms and Expressions used therein; be it enacted, That wherever in this Act with reference to any Person, Matter, or Thing, any Word or Words is or are used importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, yet such Word or Words shall be understood and construed to include several Persons as well as one Person, Females as well as Males, Bodies Politic or Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters or Things as well as one Matter or Thing, unless it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

C. 70.

431

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Duties imposed by this Act on Newspapers; (that is to say,)

For every Sheet or other Piece of Paper whereon any Newspaper shall be printed -

And where such Sheet or Piece of Paper shall contain on One Side thereof a Superficies, exclusive of the Margin of the Letter-press, exceeding One thousand five hundred and thirty Inches, and not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and ninety-five Inches, the additional Duty of -

And where the same shall contain on One Side thereof a Superficies, exclusive of the Margin of the Letter-press, exceeding Two thousand two hundred and ninety-five Inches, the additional Duty of -

Provided always, that any Sheet or Piece of Paper containing on One Side thereof a Superficies, exclusive of the Margin of the Letter-press, not exceeding Seven hundred and sixty-five Inches, which shall be published with and as a Supplement to any Newspaper chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, shall be chargeable only with the Duty of -And the following shall be deemed and taken to be Newspapers chargeable with the said Duties; viz. Any Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences printed in any Part of the United Kingdom to be dispersed and made public:

Also any Paper printed in any Part of the United Kingdom weekly or oftener, or at Intervals not exceeding Twenty-six Days, containing only or principally Advertisements:

And also any Paper containing any public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, or any Remarks or Observations thereon, printed in any Part of the United Kingdom for Sale, and published periodically or in Parts or Numbers at Intervals not exceeding Twenty-six Days between the Publication of any Two such Papers, Parts, or Numbers, where any of the said Papers, Parts, or Numbers respectively shall not exceed Two Sheets of the Dimensions herein-after specified, (exclusive of any Cover or Blank Leaf, or any other Leaf upon which any Advertisement or other Notice shall be printed,) or shall be published for Sale for a less Sum than Sixpence, exclusive of the Duty by this Act imposed thereon: Provided always,

£ s. </. 0 0 1

0 0 0J 0 0 1

0 0 0±

432

C. 76, 77.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

sS s. ii *

that no Quantity of Paper less than a Quantity equal to Twenty-one Inches in Length and Seventeen Inches in Breadth, in whatever Way or Form the same may be made or may be divided into Leaves, or in whatever Way the same may be printed, shall, with reference to any such Paper, Part, or Number as aforesaid, be deemed or taken to be a Sheet of Paper:

And provided also, that any of the several Papers herein-before described shall be liable to the Duties by this Act imposed thereon, in whatever Way or Form the same may be printed or folded, or divided into Leaves or stitched, and whether the same shall be folded, divided, or stitched, or not.

Exemptions.

Any Paper called " Police Gazette, or Hue and Cry," published in Great Britain by Authority of the Secretary of State, or in Ireland by the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported and exported, or Warrants or Certificates for the Delivery of GoodB, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and also Papers containing any Lists of Prices Current, or of the State of the Markets, or any Account of the Arrival, Sailing, or other Circumstances relating to Merchant Ships or Vessels, or any other Matter wholly of a Commercial Nature; provided such Bills, Lists, or Accounts do not contain any other Matter than what liath been usually comprised therein.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS His Majesty was pleased, on the Fourth Day of missions and February and on the Sixth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, to issue Two several Commissions to certain Persons therein respectively named, directing them to consider the State of the several Dioceses in England and Wales, with reference to the Amount of their Revenues, and the more equal Distribution of Episcopal Duties, and the Prevention of the Necessity of attaching by Commendam to Bishop ricks Benefices with Cure of Souls, and to consider also the State of the several C^tfiedral and Collegiate Churches in ^England and Wales, witlTav^'-ttr the' "Suggestion^ of such

Measures

Reports.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

433

Measures as may render them conducive to the Efficiency of the Established Church, and to devise the best Mode of providing ' for the Cure of Souls, with special Reference to the Residence of the Clergy on their respective Benefices: And whereas the said Commissioners have, in pursuance of such Directions, made Four several Reports to His Majesty, bearing Date respectively the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and the Fourth Day of March, the Twentieth Day of May, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six: And whereas the said Commissioners have, in their said Reports, amongst other Things, recommended ' that Commissioners be appointed by Parliament for the Purpose of preparing and laying before His Majesty in Council such

Schemes as shall appear to them to be best adapted for carrying ' into effect the following Recommendations; and that His Majesty in Council be empowered to make Orders ratifying such Schemes,

and having the full Force of Law; and that the Diocese of Canterbury consist of the County of Kent, (except the City and Deanery of Rochester, and those Parishes which it is proposed to include in the Diocese of London,) and of the Parishes of Croydon and Addington, and the District of Lambeth Palace, in the County of Surrey; and that the Diocese of London consist of the City of London and the County of Middlesex, of the Parishes of Barking, East Ham, West Ham, Little Ilford, Low 4 Layton, Walthamstow, Wanstead, Saint Mary Woodford, and c Chingford, in the County of Essex, all in the present Diocese of London; of the Parishes of Charlton, Lee, Lewisham, Greenwich,

4 Woolwich, Eltham, Plumstead, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and Saint Paul Deptford in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, all now in the Diocese of Rochester; of the Borough of Southwark, and the Parishes of Battersea, Bermondsey, Camberwell, Christchurch, Clapham, Lambeth, Rotherhithe, 4 Streatham, Tooting Graveney, Wandsworth, Merton, Kew, and Richmond, in the County of Surrey and present Diocese of Winchester; and of the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington, 4 Barnes, Putney, Mortlake, and Wimbledon, in the County of Surrey and in the Peculiar Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury, together with all Extra-parochial Places locally situate within the Limits of the Parishes above enumerated, except the District of Lambeth Palace; and that the Diocese of

Winchester be diminished by the Transfer of the Parish of Ad-

dington to the Diocese of Canterbury, and of the before-mentioned Parishes to the Diocese of London; and that the whole t of the Parish of Bedminster be transferred from the Diocese of Bath and Wells to the Diocese of Gloucester and Bristol; and that the City and Deanery of Bristol be united to the Diocese of i Gloucester; and that the Southern Part of the Diccese of Bristol, i consisting of the County of Dorset, be transferred to the Diocese i of Salisbury; and that the Diocese of Ely be increased by the Counties of Huntingdon and Bedford, now in the Diocese of Lincoln, by the Deaneries of Lynn and Fincham in the County of Norfolk and Diocese of Norwich, and by the Archdeaconry t of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk and Diocese of Norwich, 4 *ith the Exception of the Deaneries of Sudbury, Stow, and

6 & 7 Gul. IV. F f ' Harlismere%

434

C. 77.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1833.

1 Hartismere, and by that Part of the County of Cambridge which

is now in the Diocese of Norwich; and that it be declared that the Scilly Islands are within the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Exeter and of the Archdeacon of Cornwall; and that the Sees ' of Gloucester and Bristol be united, and that the Diocese consist of the present Diocese of Gloucester, of the City and Deanery of Bristol^ of the Deaneries of Cricklade and Malmesbury in

the County of Wilts and now in the Diocese of Salisbury, and of the whole of the Parish of Bedminster, now in the Diocese of Bath and Wells; and that to the Diocese of Hereford be

added the Deanery of Bridgnorth, now locally situated between the Dioceses of Hereford and Lichfield; and that those Parts of the Counties of Worcester and Montgomery which are now in the

Diocese of Hereford be transferred to the Dioceses of Worcester and Saint Asaph and Bangor respectively; and that the Diocese

of Liclfield consist of the Counties of Stafford and Derby; and that the Diocese of Lincoln consist of the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham; and that the latter County, now in the Diocese and Province of York, be included in the Province of Canter-

bury; and that the Diocese of Norwich consist of the Counties of ' Norfolk and Suffolk, except those Parts which it is proposed to ' transfer to the Diocese of Ely; and that the Diocese of Oxford be increased by the County of Buckingham, now in the Diocese ' of Lincoln, and by the County of Berks, now in the Diocese of

Salisbury; and that the*Diocese of Peterborough be increased by ' the County of Leicester, now in the Diocese of Lincoln; and that the Diocese of Rochester consist of the City and Deanery of Rochester, of the County of Essex (excepting the Parishes which it is proposed to leave in the Diocese of London) , and of the whole County of Hertford; and that to the Diocese of Salisbury,

reduced according to the foregoing Propositions, be added the ' County of Dorset, now in the Diocese of Bristol; and that the Diocese of Worcester consist of the whole Counties of Worcester and Warwick; and that the Sees of Saint Asaph and Bangor be united, and that the Diocese consist of the whole of the Two existing Dioceses (except that Part of the Diocese of Saint Asaph which is in the County of Salop) and of those Parts of the County of Montgomery which are now in the Dioceses of

Saint Davids and Hereford; and that the Diocese of LUmdaff consist of the whole Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth; and that the Diocese of Saint Davids be altered by the Transfer of those Parts of the Counties of Montgomery, Glamorgan) and

Monmouth which it is proposed to include in the respective Dioceses of Saint Asaph and Bangor and LUmdaff; and that the Diocese of York consist of the County of York, except such

Parts thereof as it is proposed to include in the new Diocese of Ripon; and that the Diocese of Durham be increased by that

Part of the County of Northumberland called Hexhamshire which is now in the Diocese of York; and that the Sees of Carlisle and Sodor and Man be united, and that the Diocese consist of the present Diocese of Carlisle, of those Parts of Cumberland and Westmorland which are now in the Diocese of Chester, of the Deanery of Fumes and Cartmel in the County of Lancaster,

of the Parish of Aldeston, now in the Diocese of Durham, and

10 Of

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

435

of the Isle of Man; and that the Diocese of Chester consist of the ' County of Chester, of so much of the County of Flint as is now in that Diocese, and of so much of the County of Salop as is

not in the Diocese of Hereford, and that the whole Diocese be included in the Province of York; and that Two new Sees be 1 erected in the Province of York, one at Manchester and the other ' at Ripon; and that the Diocese of Manchester consist of the whole County of Lancaster except the Deanery of Fumes and

Cartmel; and that the Diocese of Ripon consist of that Part of the County of York which is now in the Diocese of Chester, of the Deanery of Craven, and of such Parts of the Deaneries of the Ainsty and Pontefract in the County and Diocese of York as lie

to the Westward of the following Districts; videlicet, the Liberty

of the Ainsty and the Wapentakes of Barkston Ash, Osgoldcross,

and Staincross; and that all Parishes which are locally situate in

one Diocese, but under the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of another

Diocese, be made subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the

Diocese within which they are locally situate; and that such

Variations be made in the proposed Boundaries of the different 1 Dioceses as may appear advisable, after more precise Information

respecting the Circumstances of particular Parishes or Districts;

1 and that the Bishops of the Two newly erected Sees be made

Bodies Corporate, and be invested with all the same Rights and 1 Privileges as are now possessed by the other Bishops of England and Wales, and that they be made subject to the Metropolitan ' Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York, and that the Collegiate ' Churches of Manchester and Ripon be made the Cathedrals, and that the Chapters thereof be the Chapters of the respective Sees

of Manchester and Ripon, and be invested with all the Rights

and Powers of other Cathedral Chapters; and that the Members

of these and of all other Cathedral Churches in England be c styled Dean and Canons; that the Chapter of Carlisle be the ' Chapter of the united See of Carlisle and Man; that the Bishops

of the See of Saint Asaph and Bangor be elected alternately by ' the Dean and Chapter of Saint Asaph and by the Dean and Chapter of Bangor; that the Bishops of the See of Bristol and

4 Gloucester be elected alternately by the Dean and Chapter of

Bristol and by the Dean and Chapter of Gloucester; that Power

5 be given to determine the future Mode of confirming such Acts of the Bishop of either of the united Sees as may require Confirmation by a Dean and Chapter; and that upon the first

Avoidance of either of the Sees of Saint Asaph or Bangor and of Gloucester or Bristol the Bishop of the other of the Sees pro-i posed to be united become ipso facto Bishop of the Two Sees,

and thereupon become seised and possessed of all the Property,

Advowsons, and Patronage belonging to the See so avoided;

and that the Jurisdiction of the Bishop's Court in each ' Diocese be co-extensive with the Limits of the Diocese as newly

arranged; and that such Arrangements be made with regard

to the Apportionment of Fees payable to the Officers of the several Diocesan Courts as may be deemed just and equitable, 4 for the Purpose of making Compensation to those Officers who may be prejudiced by the proposed Alterations; and that such Alterations be made in the Apportionment or Exchange

F f 2 'of

C.TT. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

of Ecclesiastical Patronage among the "several Bishops as shall be consistent with the relative Magnitude and Importance of their c Dioceses when newly arranged, and as shall afford an adequate Quantity of Patronage to the Bishops of the new Sees; and that, 4 in order to provide for the Augmentation of the Incomes of the ' smaller Bishopricks, such fixed annual Sums be paid to the Commissioners out of the Revenues of the larger Sees respectively as shall, upon due Inquiry and Consideration, be determined on,

so as to leave as an average annual Income to the Archbishop of

Canterbury Fifteen thousand Pounds, to the Archbishop of York Ten thousand Pounds, to the Bishop of London Ten thousand Pounds, to the Bishop of Durham^Eight thousand Pounds, to the Bishop of Winchester Seven thousand Pounds, to the Bishop of Ely Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to the Bishop of 4 St Asaph and Bangor Five thousand two hundred Pounds, and to the Bishop of Worcester and Bath and Wells respectively Five thousand Pounds; and that out of the Fund thus accruing fixed annual Payments be made by the Commissioners, in such Instances and to such Amount as shall be in like Manner determined on, so that the average annual Incomes of the other Bishops respectively be not less than Four thousand Pounds nor ' more than Five thousand Pounds; and that at the Expiration

of every Seven Years, reckoning from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, a new Return of the Revenues of all the Bishopricks be made to the Commissioners, and that thereupon the Scale of Episcopal Payments ' and Receipts be revised, so as to preserve, as nearly as may be, 4 to each Bishop, an Amount of Income equivalent to that which shall have been determined in the first instance to be suitable to the Circumstances of his Bishoprick, and that such revised

Scale take effect as to each See respectively upon the then next Avoidance thereof; and that if, in determining the Mode of regulating the Episcopal Incomes, either in the first instance or on any future Revision of them, it shall be deemed expedient to make the Alteration required, in any Case, by the Subtraction or Addition of any Real Estates, such Real Estates be transferred accordingly; and that out of the Property of the See of Durham Provision be forthwith made for the Completion of those Augmentations of poor Benefices which the late Bishop (meaning ' thereby the late Right Reverend William Van Mildert) had agreed to grant, but which he left uncompleted at the Time of his Death; and that the Bishop of Durham do in future hold

the Castle of Durham in Trust for the University of Durham, and that all Expences of maintaining and repairing the same be defrayed by the University of Durham; and that so soon as the ' relative Values of the several Sees under the new Arrangements shall have been ascertained Apportionment be made of the Sums ' to be thereafter paid by the respective Bishops for First Fruits, ' so as to leave the aggregate Amount payable from all the Sees to the Bounty of Queen Anne the same as at present; and that the Bishops who shall on the present Vacancies succeed to the Sees of Durham and Ely be relieved from the Excess beyond their due Proportion payable for First Fruits, and that the c Residue of the Sums due be paid by the Commissioners out

9 4 of

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 77. 4?7

of the Surplus Funds arising from those Sees; and that the

Tenths to be hereafter payable by the respective Bishops be regulated by the Amount of the First Fruits payable under the preceding Propositions; and that none of the proposed Alter-

ations affecting the Boundaries or Jurisdiction of any Diocese,

or the Patronage of Benefices with Cure of Souls, or the Revenues belonging to any See the Bishop of which was in Possession on the Fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, take effect until the Avoidance of the See without the Consent of such Bishop; and that no Eccle-

siastical Dignity, Office, or Benefice be in future granted to any Bishop to be held in Commendam, but that such of the Endowments of certain Prebends in the Cathedrals of Lincoln,

4 Lichfield, Exeter, and Salisbury as now belong to the Bishops of the respective Dioceses continue annexed to the respective Sees; and that fit Residences be provided for the Bishops of Lincoln, Landaff, Rochester, Manchester, and Ripon; and that,

for the Purpose of providing the Bishop of any Diocese with 4 a more suitable and convenient Residence than that which now belongs to his See, Sanction be given for Purchases or Exchanges of Houses or Lands, or for the Sale of Lands belonging to the respective Sees, and also, where it may be necessary, for the borrowing by any Bishop of a Sum not exceeding Two 4 Years Income of his See, upon such Terms as shall appear to be fit and proper; and that the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne be empowered to lend Money upon Mortgage to such

Bishops; and that so much of the Sum of Six thousand Poundk recovered by the late Bishop of Bristol for Damages done to the Episcopal Residence at Bristol, and of its Accumulations, as

may remain after deducting proper Expences, together with the Money arising from the Sale of the Site of such Residence, if

sold, be applied to the Purchase or Erection of a Residence for the Bishop of the See of Bristol and Gloucester; and that new Archdeaconries of Bristol, Maidstone, Monmouth, Westmorland,

4 Manchester, Lancaster, and Craven be created, and that Districts be assigned to them; and that archidiaconal Power be given to the Dean of Rochester within that Part of Kent which will remain in the Diocese of Rochester; and that the Limits of the other existing Deaneries and Archdeaconries be newly arranged, so that every Parish and Extra-parochial Place be within a Rural

Deanery, and every Deanery within an Archdeaconry, and that no Archdeaconry extend beyond the Limits of One Diocese;

and that all the Archdeaconries of England and Wales be in the Gift of the Bishops of the respective Dioceses in which they are situate; and that all Archdeacons have and exercise full and equal Jurisdiction within their respective Archdeaconries: And whereas it is expedient that the said Recommendations should be carried into effect as soon as conveniently may be I Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Archbishop of Commuskmeis Canterbury for the Time being, the Lord Archbishop of York incorporated.

Ff 3 and

438

C. 77.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S&

How Vacancies to be supplied.

Commissioners to subscribe a Declaration.

Five Commissioners to form a Quorum.

and the Lord Bishop of Londonior the Time being, John Lord Bishop of Lincoln, James Henry Lord Bishop of Gloucester, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord High Treasurer or the First Lord of the Treasury, anpl the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being respectively, and such One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as shall be for that Purpose nominated by His Majesty under His Royal Sign Manual (such Lord Chancellor, Lord President, Lord High Treasurer or First Lord of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Secretary of State being respectively Members of the United Church of Great Britain and Ireland,) the Right Honourable Dudley Earl of Harrowby, the Right Honourable Henry Hobhouse, and the Right Honour* able Sir Herbert Jenner Knight, shall for the Purposes of this Act be One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of "The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, n and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and shall have Power and Authority to take and purchase and hold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Purposes of this Act, the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Act or Acts, to the contraryhereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That the Two last-named Bishops and the Three last-named Lay Commissioners shall be at all Times removeable by His Majesty in Council by Warrant under the Sign Manual; and that when any Vacancy shall occur, by Death, Re* moval, Resignation, or otherwise, among the Two last-named Bishops and the Three last-named Lay Commissioners, or among such of the future Commissioners under this Act as shall not have become such Commissioners by virtue of any Dignity or Office, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to fill up such Vacancy by appointing under His Royal Sign Manual, instead of any such Commissioner being a Bishop some other Bishop of England or Wales, and instead of any such Commissioner being a Layman some other Layman, being a Member of the said Church, to be a Commissioner under this Act; and every such Bishop or Person so to be appointed shall accordingly .become to all Intents and Purposes One of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act

III. And be it enacted, That every such Commissioner, whether herein named or hereafter to be appointed, not being an Archbishop or Bishop, shall before acting under the said Commission, and at the first Meeting he shall attend, subscribe in the Book of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners a Declaration in the Words following:

T DO hereby solemnly, and in the Presence of God, testify and ' declare, That I am a Member of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established. Witness my Hand

this Day of

IV. And be it enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things which the said Commissioners are by any of the Provisions of this Act authorized or required to do and perform shall and may be done and performed by any Five of such Commissioners: Provided always,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

err

439

always, that such Five Commissioners be for such Purpose assembled at a Meeting whereof due Notice shall have been given to all the said Commissioners.

V. Provided always, and be "it enacted, That no Proceeding which requires to be ratified and confirmed by the Common Seal of the Corporation shall be finally concluded, nor the said Seal affixed to any Deed or Instrument, save at a Meeting whereof Notice shall have been in like Manner given, and whereat Two at least of the said Episcopal Commissioners shall be personally present: Provided also, that in case any Two Episcopal Commissioners, being the only Episcopal Commissioners present, shall object to the Ratification and Confirmation of any such Proceeding as aforesaid, or to the affixing of such Seal to any Deed or Instrument as aforesaid, such Ratification or affixing of the Seal shall not take place until a subsequent Meeting of the Commissioners shall have been held, after due Notice thereof shall have been given.

VI. And be it enacted, That at each Meeting of the said Commissioners the Commissioner first in Rank and Precedence there present shall preside as Chairman, and in case of the Equality in Rank and Precedence of all the Commissioners so present then the senior Commissioner in the Order of Appointment shall so preside; and the Chairman at all such Meetings shall not only vote as a Commissioner, but shall also in case of the Equality of Votes have the casting or decisive Vote.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint a Treasurer and Secretary, and such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers as they shall deem necessary, and from Time to Time, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, may remove such Treasurer, Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead: Provided always, that the Amount of the Salaries of such Treasurer, Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers shall [from Time to Time be regulated by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary or other Officer of the said Commissioners shall keep a Book, in which he shall make Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their several Meetings, and enter the Names of the Commissioners present thereat; and such Entry of the Proceedings at each Meeting shall be signed by the Chairman thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Summons under the Hand of the Chairman of any such Meeting, to require the Attendance of any Person whom they shall think fit to examine touching any Matter within their Cognizance, also to make any Inquiries, and call for any Answers or Returns as to any such Matter, and also to administer Oaths, and examine every such Person upon Oath, and to cause to be produced before them, upon Oath, all Statutes, Charters, Grants, Rules, Regulations, Bye Laws, Books, Deeds, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, and Writings whatsoever, or Copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to any such Matter; or, in lieu of requiring such Oath as aforesaid, the said Commissioners may, if they think fit, require any such Person to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of his Examination.

Ff 4

Assent of Meeting of Episcopal Commissioners essential to Acts under Seal, &c.

Who to be Chairman.

Commissioners to appoints Treasurer, Secretary, and other Officers.

Secretary to make and keep Minutes.

Commissioners may call and examine Witnesses, &c., and administer an Oath or a Declaration.

440

C. 77.

6# & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners to lay Schemes before the King in Council for carrying into effect their Recommendations.

II

As to Appoint > jnent of Cleifey-men in Wales.

King In Council may make Orders for carrying Schemes into effect; which shall be registered;

and gazetted;

and then to 1)0 of full Effe t for all Puip sei

Copies of Orders to be laid before Parliament.

) en

X. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time prepare, and lay before His Majesty in Council, such Schemes as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be best adapted for carrying into effect the herein-before recited Recommendations, and shall in such Schemes recommend and propose such Measures as may, upon further Inquiry, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make, appear to them to he necessary for carrying such Recommendations into full and perfect Effect: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall he construed to prevent the said Commissioners from proposing in any such Scheme such Modifications or Varia^ tions as to Matters of Detail and Regulation as shall not be substantially repugnant to any or either of the said Recommendations, and in particular that it shall he competent to the said Commissioners to propose in any such Scheme that all Parishes, Churches, or Chapelrie^vhioh are locally situate In any Diocese, hut subject to any peculiar Jurisdiction other than the Jurisdiction oTTlnT bishop of thfi DiOCeseTfl WfttCll The same are locally situate, shall he only subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese within which such Parishes, Churches, or Chapelries are locally situate.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall prepare, and lay before His Majesty in Council, such Scheme as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be best adapted for preventing the Appointment of any Clergyman not fully conversant with the Welsh Language to any Benefice with Cure of Souls in Wales in any Parish the Majority of the Inhabitants of which do not understand the English Language.

XII. And be it enacted, That when any Scheme prepared under the Authority of this Act shall he approved by His Majesty in Council it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to issue an Order or Orders ratifying the same, and specifying the Time or Times when such Scheme or the several Parts thereof shall take effect, and to direct in every such Order that the same he registered by the Registrar of each of the Dioceses the Bishops whereof may or shall he in any respect affected thereby, and in any newly-created Diocese by such Person as shall be for that Purpose named in such Order, which Person shall in such last-mentioned Diocese become Registrar there, and so continue as long as he shall demean himself well in his Office.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every such Order shall, as soon as may he after the making and issuing thereof by His Majesty in Council, he inserted and published in the London Gazette.

XIV. And be it enacted, That so soon as any such Order in Council shall he so registered and gazetted it shall in all respects, and as to all Things therein contained, have and be of the same Force and Effect as if all and every Part thereof were included in this Act, any Law, Statute, Canon, Letters Patent, Grant, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted, That a Copy of every Order of His Majesty in Council made under this Act shall be laid before each House of Parliament in the Month of January in every Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament he not then sitting within One Week after the next Meeting thereof.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 77.

441

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of every Diocese to whom any Order of His Majesty in Council made by virtue of this Act shall be delivered shall forthwith register the same in the Registry of his Diocese; and the Persons who shall be for that Purpose appointed in the Dioceses of Manchester and Ripen shall forthwith register every such Order in Books to be by them for that Purpose provided, which shall thenceforth become the Registry of those Dioceses respectively; and if any such Registrar or other Person shall refuse or neglect to register any such Order he shall for every Day during which he shall so offend forfeit Twenty Pounds, and if his Offence shall continue for the Space of Three Months he shall forfeit his Office, and it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, or for His Majesty, as the Case may be, to appoint a Successor thereto.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for such Registration as aforesaid no Registrar shall be entitled to receive any Fee or Reward, but that on every Search for any such Order he shall be entitled to receive a Fee of Three Shillings, and for every Copy or Extract of any such Order certified by him he shall be entitled to receive for every Folio of Ninety Words Four-pence; and the Copy of every such Entry, certified by the Registrar, shall be admissible as Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act no Ecclesiastical Dignity, Office, or Benefice shall be held in Commendam by any Bishop, unless he shall so hold the same at the Time of passing thereof; and that every Commendam thereafter granted, whether to retain or to receive, and whether temporary or perpetual, shall be absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Archdeacons throughout England and Wales shall have and exercise full and equal Jurisdiction within their respective Archdeaconries, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas it may be expedient to consider the State ' and Jurisdiction of all the Ecclesiastical Courts in England and Wales; be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, nor any Order of His Majesty in Council made under the Authority of this Act, either for altering the Limits of either of the existing Provinces or the Boundaries of any existing Diocese or Archdeaconry, or for uniting any existing Sees, or for creating any new Bishoprick or Archdeaconry, or for appointing any Registrar under the Provisions of this Act, or for any other Purpose whatever, shall for One Year after the passing of this Act, or if Parliament shall be then sitting till the End of the Session of Parliament, in any Manner affect or be construed to affect the Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority of any or either of the existing Ecclesiastical Courts in England or Wales, or the Extent or Limits thereof, but that during such Period as last aforesaid every such Court shall continue in all Matters whatsoever arising within its present Limits to exercise the same Jurisdiction as heretofore by Law allowed.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Monitions to reside, and Monitions for the Payment of the Stipends of Curates, and of Proceedings consequent thereupon, except as herein-after

excepted,

Registrars to register all Orders, subject to a Penalty for Neglect.

Fee to Registrar.

No Coramen-dams to be held by Bishops.

Jurisdiction of Archdeacons.

This Act not to affect the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts for One Year.

Monitions to reside, &c. to issue in Name of the Bishop.

442

C. 77.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 180.

Same Court to] have Jurisdiction therein as at present.

Law of Bona notabilia not altered for One Tear.

Marriage Li-cenoea.

Ecclesiastical Courts to enforce Production of Documents.

Future Appointments to Offices in Ecclesiastical Courts not to give a vested Interest.

Provisions* applicable to Church Commissioners under5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76. to apply to Commissioners under this Act.

excepted, and in all Cases of Licences granted to Spiritual Persons, the same shall issue only under the Authority and in the Name of the Bishop of the Diocese, whether such Diocese be according to the present Territorial Limits or as altered or newly created under the Authority of this Act: Provided always, that if it be necessary to institute in any Ecclesiastical Court Proceedings thereupon or in consequence thereof, such Proceedings shall be commenced, carried on, and decided in and by the same Court which at the Time of the passing of this Act would be entitled to exercise Jurisdiction in such Matters respectively, and in the Case of Proceedings at the Instance of a Bishop, in the Name of the Judge of such Court: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Peculiar belonging to either of the Archbishops at the Time of the passing of this Act, but that every such Peculiar, except as may be otherwise provided by any Order of His Majesty in Council, made and issued in pursuance of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes and in all respects remain subject to the same Authority and Jurisdiction as if this Act had not been passed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, nor any such Order in Council as aforesaid, shall, during such Period as last aforesaid, be construed to alter in any respect whatsoever the Law of Bona notabilia as it exists at the Time of the passing of this Act, notwithstanding any Change of Province, Diocese, Archdeaconry, or any other Jurisdiction whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all Marriage Licences shall during such Period as last aforesaid continue to be granted in the same Manner and by the same Authorities respectively as before the passing of this Act

XXIV. And be it enacted, That during such Period every Ecclesiastical Court in which any Proceedings shall be had shall have Power to send for and enforce the Production of all original Instruments and Documents relating to such Proceedings by whatever Ecclesiastical Authority the same may have been issued.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Office of Judge, Registrar, or other Officer of any or either of the Ecclesiastical Courts in England or Wales (except the Prerogative Court of Canterbury) shall become vacant during such Period as last aforesaid, the Person who may be thereunto appointed shall accept and take such Office subject to all Regulations and Alterations affecting the same which may be hereafter made and provided by or under the Authority of Parliament, and shall not by his Appointment thereto acquire any vested Interest in such Office, nor any Claim or Title to Compensation in respect thereof, in case the same shall be hereafter abolished by Parliament.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth 1 Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the

Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, ' Provision was made concerning the Sale of certain Ecclesiastical ' Preferments in the Patronage of the several Municipal Corpora-

tions therein mentioned, at such Time and in such Manner as

the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, should direct; be it enacted, That

from

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 77, 78.

443

from and after the passing of this Act the Provisions in the said recited Act contained which apply to the said Commissioners shall apply and be held to apply to the Commissioners appointed under this Act by the Style and Title of "The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England."

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations for the better defining and establishing the Powers and Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Consuls in the Ottoman Dominions.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by the Treaties and Capitulations subsisting between His Majesty and the Sublime Ottoman Porte, full

and entire Jurisdiction and Control over [British Subjects within the Ottoman Dominions in Matters in which such British Subjects are exclusively concerned is conferred upon the British

Ambassadors and Consuls appointed to reside within the said

Dominions: (And whereas it is expedient for the Protection of ' British Subjects within the Dominions of the Sublime Porte in ' Europe, Asia, and Africa *, and likewise in the States of Barbary,

as well as for the Protection of His Majesty's Ambassadors, ' Consuls, or other Officers appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty for the Protection of the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects in the said Ports and Places, that Provision should be made for defining and establishing the Authority of the said Ambaasadore, Consuls, and other Officers; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time, by any Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, to make and issue any Directions and Regulations touching and concerning the Rights and Duties, Jurisdiction and Authority, Criminal as well as Civil, over His Majesty's Subjects residing at or resorting to the Ports or other Places within the Dominions of the Sublime Ottoman Porte in Europe, Asia, and Africa, and likewise in the States of Barbary, to be exercised and performed by His Majesty's Ambassadors, Consuls, or other Officers appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty for the Protection of the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects in the Ports and Places before mentioned, and to establish Forms of Proceeding in all Matters coming under the Cognizance of the said Ambassadors, Consuls, or other Officers in virtue of such Order or Orders in Council, and to impose Penalties, Forfeitures, or Imprisonments for the Breach of any such Directions or Regulations, to be enforced in such Manner as in the said Order or Orders shall be specified; and the said Ambassadors, Consuls, and other Officers are hereby authorized and required to obey and enforce the said Regulations and Directions; and the same shall be effectual and binding upon all Subjects of His Majesty residing at or resorting to the said Ports and Places for the Purposes of Trade or otherwise.

II. And whereas Cases occasionally arise within the Dominions of the Ottoman Porte above specified, and in the States of Bar-

fary,

His Majesty, by Orders in Council, may issue Directions to His Ambassadors, Consuls, &c. touching their Rights and Duties in the Protection of His Subjects residing or resorting there;

and also Directions for their Guidance in the

C. 78.

60- & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Settlement of Differences between His Subjects and those of any other Christian Power in said Dominions.

Regulating Suits and Actions brought under this Act.

84 G.8. c. 44.

« bary, wherein the Interposition of His Majesty's Ambassadors,

Consuls, or other Officers is required by the Subjects of other

Christian Powers in the Determination of Differences or Dis-

putes between such Persons and British Subjects; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders in Council, to make and issue, in the same Manner, Directions and Regulations for the Guidance of His Ambassadors, Consuls, and other Officers, and of all other Subjects of His Majesty, in Cases in which the Interposition of His Majesty's Ambassadors, Consuls, or other Officers may be so required for the Settlement of any Differences or Disputes which may arise between British Subjects and the Subjects of any Christian rower within the Dominions of the Sublime Porte in Europe, Asia, and Africa, and in the States of Barbary: Provided always, that every Order in Council issued by the Authority of this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall not be binding and effectual until Six Months after it shall have been so laid before both Houses of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any Orders or Regulations made by virtue thereof, then and in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Six Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, except where the Cause of Action shall have arisen in any Place not within the Jurisdiction of any of His Majesty's Courts having Civil Jurisdiction, and then within Six Months after the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, shall have been within the Jurisdiction of any such Court; and the same and every such Action or Suit shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere, except where the Cause of Action shall have arisen in any Place not within the Jurisdiction of any of His Majesty's Courts having Civil Jurisdiction; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Notice, and shall have the like Privilege of tendering Amends to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or their Agent or Attorney, as is provided in Actions brought against any Justice of the Peace for Acts done in the Execution of his Office, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to the Warrants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be taken against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cases of Law.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

445

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for vesting Lighthouses, Lights, and Sea Marks on the Coasts of England in the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand; and for making Provisions respecting Lighthouses, Lights, Buoys, Beacons, and Sea Marks, and the Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by far the greater Number of the Lighthouses upon the Coasts of England, and the Islands and other

4 Places adjoining thereto, belong to or are under the Control and Management of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, commonly called the ' Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, as well by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament of the Eighth Year of

Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act concerning Sea Marks and Mariners, as by virtue of divers ancient Grants and Charters, and particularly of a certain ancient Grant dated the Eleventh ' Day of June in the Thirty-sixth Year of Her said Majesty, 4 whereby Her Majesty granted to the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corporation the Beaconage and Buoyage, and the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage, upon the Surrender thereof into the Hands of Her Majesty by Charles Lord Howard Baron of Effingham, then being Her said Majesty's Great Admiral of England; and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants are entitled to erect and maintain from Time to Time such and so many Beacons, Marks, and Signs for the Sea in such Place or Places of the Sea Shores and Uplands near the ' Sea Coasts or Forelands as to them shall seem most meet, 4 whereby Dangers may be avoided, and Ships the better come to their Ports without Peril: And whereas the several Lighthouses ' at*Harwich in the County of Essex, Dungeness in the County of Kent, Wintertonness and Hunstanton Cliff in the County of Norfolk, and Orfordness in the County of Suffolk, still remain

Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England, and are under the separate Control and Management of divers Individuals, as Lessees thereof under the Crown, for Terms of Years which are not yet expired; (that is to say,) 4 the Lighthouse at Harwich under the Control and Management of Lieutenant General Francis Slater Rebow, the Lighthouse at ' Dungeness under the Control and Management of Thomas Wil* 1 liam Coke Esquire, the Lighthouses at Wintertanness and c Orfordness under the Control and Management of the Right Honourable Richard Griffin Lord Braybrooke, and the Lighfc-

house at Hunstanton Cliff under the Control and Management

of Samuel Lane Esquire, or his Representatives: And whereas

certain other Lighthouses upon the Coasts of England are under the separate Control and Management of divers Indivi-

duals, as the Proprietors or Lessees thereof; (that is to say,) 4 the Lighthouse upon the Island Rock called Skerries," in Saint Georges Channel, under the Control and Management of Mar-

gan

8 Elis. c. 13.

Harwich, Dungeness, Winterton ness, Hunstanton Cliff, and Orfordnes Lights.

Skerries Light.

446 .

G79.

6P & 7° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1836.

S G. 2. c. 36.

Spurn Lights.

6 G. 3. c. 31.

12 G. 3. c. 29.

Tinmouth Castle Light.

42 G. 3. c. 43.

Smalls.

Longships.

3 G. 4. c. cxh

Scotch Lights *

gan Jones Esquire, acting by virtue of an Act of the Third ' Year of George the Second, intituled An Act for confirming a 4 Patent granted by Her late Majesty Queen Anne to William ' Trench Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Lighthouse upon the Island or Rock called " Skerries," and for the better Maintenance of the said Lighthouse, and for making the Duties granted for maintaining the same perpetual; the Lighthouses near the Spurn Point at the Mouth of the River Humber under the Control and ' Management of Benedict John Angell Angell Esquire and George Lowther Thomson Esquire, acting [by virtue of an Act of the Sixth Year of George the Third, intituled An Act for taking down and removing certain Lighthouses now standing near the " Spurn Point" at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Lighthouses instead thereof and an Act of the Twelfth Year of George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for taking doom and removing certain Lighthouses now standing near the Spurn Point " at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light houses instead thereof; the Lighthouse at Tinmouth in the County of Northumberland under the Control and Management of William Fowhe Esquire, acting by virtue of an Act of the Forty-second Year of George the Third, intituled An Act for improving the Tinmouth Castle Lighthouse and Light, and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement; and the Lighthouse on the Rock called The Smalls" 4 in Saint Georges Channel, under the Control and Management of Mistress Elizabeth Buchanan and Thomas Pickering Clarke Esquire, by virtue of a Lease from the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of Trinity House, subject to a 4 Rent payable in respect thereof; and the Lighthouse on the Rock called The Longships " on the Coast of Cornwall, is held by Henry Pascoe Smith Esquire, by virtue of a like Lease from the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants: And whereas by an Act of the Third Year of George the Fourth, intituled An Act for (among other Things) enabling the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to reduce, alter, modify, relinquish, or abolish Dues payable to the said Corporation; and for other Purposes connected therewith, it was enacted, that the Master, 4 Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corporation might, tfith any surplus Monies then or thereafter in their Hands, arising from any Tolls theretofore or thereafter payable to them, purchase any Beacons, Buoys, Lighthouses, or other Marks and Signs for the Sea, or any Interest therein or in any Tolls arising therefrom, belonging to any Body Corporate or Politic or to any Person, and that all such Bodies or Persons, and all other Persons whosoever possessed thereof or interested therein, might contract for the Sale thereof with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and might convey the same to them: And whereas by virtue of the last-mentioned Act the said Master, 4 Wardens, and Assistants have purchased certain Estates and Interest in Lighthouses and Tolls from Parties possessed thereof: And whereas the several Lighthouses upon the Coasts of Scotland are under the Control and Management of the Commissioners

A.D. 1830.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

Ml

of the Northern Lighthouses, acting, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of George the Third, intituled An Act for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, and of several other Acts for rendering the last-mentioned Act more effectual: And whereas the several Lighthouses

upon the Coasts of Ireland are under the Control and Management of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port ' of Dublin acting by virtue of an Act of the Fifty-second Year ' of George the Third, intituled An Act to make more effectual ' Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to erect, repair, and maintain

Lighthouses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charges thereof: And whereas there are also divers other Lights exhibited in and near to certain

Ports, Harbours, and Places on the Coasts of the United Kingdom for the Guidance of Vessels entering or resorting to the same, ' and sometimes called Local or Harbour Lights, which Lights ' are under the Control and Management of. Commissioners,

Trustees, and other local Officers and Persons: And whereas, ' in order to the Attainment of Uniformity of System in the ' Management of Lighthouses, and the Reduction and Equalization

of the Tolls payable in respect thereof, it is necessary that all 1 Lighthouses upon the Coasts of England and other Places adjoining or near thereto, for the Protection and Guidance of ' Vessels navigating the British Seas, and the Tolls payable in respect thereof, should be vested in the said Master, Wardens, ' and Assistants, and that the several Lighthouses upon the Coasts

of Scotland and Ireland respectively should be under their

Supervision: And whereas in order to prevent Accidents which ' may arise from Local or Harbour Lights in the United Kingdom being mistaken for Coast Lights it is necessary that they should K be made subject to the Control of the said Master, Wardens, ' and Assistants, Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, and ' Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin

respectively Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven all the Estate, Right, and Interest of His Majesty in the several Lighthouses at Harwich, Dungeness, Win-tertonness, Orfordness, and Hunstanton Cliff, and in the Land whereon the same respectively stand, and the Buildings, Lands, and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and occupied for the Purposes of the same respectively, and the Fixtures, Apparatus, and Furniture thereunto belonging, and the Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof, shall be transferred to and shall be absolutely vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, subject nevertheless to the several subsisting Leases of the said several Lighthouses and Premises granted by His Majesty, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, to the several Persons under whose Control and Management the said Lighthouses respectively now are, as herein-before is mentioned.

26 G. 3. c. 101.

Irish Lights.

52 G.S. c. 115.

Harbour Lights.

Property of the Crown in Lighthouses transferred to the Trinity House, subject to certain subsisting Leases granted by the Commissioners of Woods and Forests.

448

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Compensation to the Land Revenues for such Transfer.

10 G. 4. c. 50.

The Trinity House empowered to purchase the Lessees Interests in such subsisting

II. And whereas it is just that Compensation should be made to the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Surrender which will ' be made under this Act of the Rights of the Crown in the said ' several Lighthouses at Harwich, Dungeness, Wintertonness, Orfordness, and Hunstanton Cliff: And whereas the Interests of the Crown in the said several Lighthouses, as such Interests would exist on the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, in case this Act had not been passed, 4 have been calculated and ascertained to be worth in Money, to be paid on the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers contained in several Acts passed in the Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, and Fiftyseventh Years of George the Third, and the First and Fifth Years of George the Fourth, for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or in some of them,

Advances have been made from Time to Time out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Purposes of the said Acts, to the Amount in the whole of Six hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas by the said last-mentioned Acts, and by another Act of the Tenth Year of George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases, of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England, and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland, and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney, the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds so advanced is made a Charge upon and is payable out of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, whenever the annual Produce of those Revenues shall cease to be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain end Ireland; and shall be retained by the Crown as Part of its Hereditary Revenue: And whereas it is expedient that such Compensation should be granted by reducing the Amount chargeable upon the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in respect of the Advances made under the several herein-before mentioned Actsbe it therefore further enacted, That so soon as the Estate, Right, and Interest of His Majesty in the several Lighthouses herein-before mentioned shall vest in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants under this Act, the Amount chargeable upon the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in respect of the Advances to the Extent of Six hundred thousand Pounds, so made out of the Consolidated Fund under the said recited Acts, shall be reduced to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, and such last-mentioned Sum only shall be then chargeable upon the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown under the Authority of the reciteft Acts, instead of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds at present charged thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That lie said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may agree with the Lessees or other Persons interested in the said several Lighthouses at Harwich, Dungeness, Wintertonness, Orfordness, and Hunstanton Cliff, by or under the several Leases so granted thereof by His Majesty, or by the Commissioners

A.D. 189&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 7 9:

449

missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Leases, and al*o Works, and Buildings, and with the Owners of and Persons inte- 4116 Lighthouses rested in or herein-after capacitated to agree for the Sale of the Lighthouses in the Schedule, to this Act mentioned, and the Land whereon the same several Lighthouses respectively stand, and the Buildings, Lands, and Appurtenances thereto belonging or occupied for the Purposes of the same respectively, and the Fixtures, Apparatus, and Furniture thereunto belonging, and the Tolls or Duties payable in respect thereof, and of all Rents, Rent-charges, Annuities, or Payments charged thereon or payable in respect thereof, for the absolute Purchase thereof, and of all or any Estates and Interests therein, for such Purchase Money as shall be agreed upon, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall consider fair and just, having regard to the Value of the Property, and the Rights, Benefits, and Advantages resulting to the Proprietors from the Enjoyment thereof; and that all other Persons whosoever, who at or immediately before the making of this Act were or may become seised or possessed of or entitled to or interested in any such Lighthouse, whether mentioned in the said Schedule or included in any such Lease as aforesaid, may agree with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the absolute Sale thereof, or of such Estate or Interest therein, for such Purchase Money as to the contracting Parties shall seem reasonable; and all such Agreements shall be effectual in the Lpw, and for the Purposes only of every such Agreement and Sale; and for preventing any Question respecting the Validity thereof, by reason of any Defectiveness of Tide in the Party making the same, the Persons who shall have been or shall be in Possession of any such Lighthouse at the Time from which the Purchase thereof respectively shall take effect, and all Persons claiming under such Person, or under or consistently with the Possession of such Person, shall be deemed to have a complete Tide: Provided always, that no such Contract shall be made by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants without previous Consent in Writing by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the Power hereby provided to agree for such Sale as aforesaid shall extend to all Corporations, and all Tenants for Life or in Tail, or any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Committees, and all Trustees and other Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves and their own respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, but also for and on behalf of every Person entitled in Reversion, Remainder, or Contingency after them, if incapacitated, and as to such Husbands and Guardians also for and on behalf of their respective Wives and Wards, and as to such Committees for and on behalf of the Lunatics and Idiots of whom they shall be the Committees respectively, and as to all such Corporations, Tenants, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, and other Persons as aforesaid, also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn,

Lunatics, Femes Covert, or other Persons, and all Femes Covert in the same Manner as if they were sole and unmarried, seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, whether in Fee Simple,

Fee Tail, or for Life or Years, or otherwise, or entitled to Dower 6 A 7 Gul. IV. G g or

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Misnomers not to prevent the Execution of this Act.

Differences a* to Value to be settled by referring the Matter to a Jury.

Cases in which the Matter is to be referred to a Jury.

or any other Interest: Provided always, that previous to entering into any Agreement under this Clause the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall cause public Notice to be given, of such Tenor and in such Form as they shall think fit, for the Purpose of having the Estates, Rights, and Interests to be purchased in pursuance of this Act ascertained, and the Amount of the Purchase Money claimed for the same settled; such Notice to be published in the London Gazette and in One of the Provincial Newspapers circulated within the County in which or near whereto such Lighthouse shall be situated, and a Copy of the same Notice to be also affiked upon such Lighthouse.

IV. And be it enacted, That if the Names or Descriptions of any of the Lighthouses referred to in this Act or in the Schedule hereto, or of any of the Persons stated to be the Owners or Lessees thereof, ' or interested therein, or in the Tolls payable in respect thereof, shall happen to be mis-stated or omitted herein or in the said Schedule, such Mis-statement or Omission shall not prevent the Execution of this Act; but such Lighthouse and Tolls shall notwithstanding be effectually vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And in order to facilitate the Completion of the Purchases of the said Lighthouses with as little Delay as possible, and to provide the Means of obviating any Difficulties and settling any Differences which may arise in adjusting the Terms of Purchase, or from the Refusal or Incapacity of any Party to treat, be it enacted, That in any of the Cases herein-after mentioned the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may refer the Matter to the Determination of a Jury, and for that Purpose the Proceedings herein-after mentioned shall be taken.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Cases in which the Matter may be referred to the Determination of a Jury shall be the following; (that is to say,) if any Corporation, Trustee, or other Person interested, or entitled and capacitated to sell, contract, or agree as aforesaid, shall not agree with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as to the Amount of such Purchase Money; or if any of the Parties entitled to receive such Purchase Money shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money as shall be offered by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, by leaving the same at the Trinity House in London within Thirty Days next after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party giving such Notice shall therein request that the Matter in dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any of such Parties shall, for the Space of Thirty Days 4next after such public Notice as aforesaid shall have been affixed, published, and given by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as herein-before mentioned, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or other Cause shall be prevented from treating with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Sale of their respective Estates and Interests, or the respective Estates and Interests which they respectively are hereby capacitated to sell therein, or shall by reason of any. Impediment or Disability not provided for by this Act be incapable of effectually making such Agreement or Sale thereof, or shall not disclose and prove the

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.Y9.

451

State of the Title to the Premises of which they respectively may be in Possession, or which they respectively claim to be entitled unto or interested in; or in case the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall not, within the Period of Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, have ascertained to their Satisfaction in whom any such Lighthouse is lawfully vested, or the Persons entitled or by this Act capacitated to sell as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Reference to a Jury shall be made after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act, except with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being in Possession or entitled to the Profits of the Property proposed to be purchased.

VII. And be it enacted, That in the event of any Matter being referred to the Determination of a Jury, and in order thereto, the following are the Proceedings which shall be observed; that is to say, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall issue a Precept under their Common Seal, or under the Hand of their Secretary for the Time being, to the Sheriff of the County wherein the Lighthouse which shall be the Subject of the proposed Inquiry shall be situate, or if not situate in any County in the County next or nearest whereunto such Lighthouse shall be situate, requiring him to summon, return, and impannel, and the said Sheriff is hereby accordingly empowered and required to summon, return, and impannel, on a certain Day therein to be appointed, a Jury of not less than Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to serve on Special Juries for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Persons to be so summoned, returned, and impannelled shall appear before the said Sheriff at such Time and Place within the said County as in such Precept shall be appointed, and attend from Day to Day until discharged; and out of the Persons so to be summoned, returned, and impannelled, or out of such of them as shall appear, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be impannelled by the said Sheriff, or by some Person to be by him appointed, in such Manner as Special Juries for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster are by Law directed to be impannelled; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff shall summon before him all Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matter in question, and may use all such other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his own as for the said Jury's better Information, as shall be requisite in the Premises; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths, or, being Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmations, (which Oaths and solemn Affirmations, as well as the Oaths and solemn Affirmations of all Persons who shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer,) inquire of and assess and give a Verdict for the true, fair, and just Value of such Lighthouse as may be the Subject of such Inquiry, having regard to the Rights, Benefits, and Advantages resulting to the Proprietors from the Enjoyment thereof, and to the Liabilities to which they are at present subject; and the said Sheriff shall accordingly give Judgment for such

G g 2 Purchase

Course of Proceeding where the Matter is referred to a Jury.

448

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Compensation to the Land Revenues for such Transfer.

10 G. 4. c. 50.

The Trinity House empowered to purchase the Lessees Interests in -uch subsisting

II. And whereas it is just that Compensation should be made c to the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Surrender which will ' be made under this Act of the Rights of the Crown in the said

several Lighthouses at Harwich, Dungeness, Wintertonness, Or-1 fordness, and Hunstanton Cliff: And whereas the Interests of the Crown in the said several Lighthouses, as such Interests ' would exist on the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, in case this Act had not been passed,

1 have been calculated and ascertained to b£ worth in Money, to ' be paid on the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Sum of Three hundred thousand ' Pounds: And whereas, by virtue of the Powera contained in

several Acts passed in the Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, and Fifty-

seventh Years of George the Third, and the First and Fifth ' Years of George the Fourth, for the Management and Improve-

ment of the Land Revenues of the Grown, or in some of them,

Advances have been made from Time to Time out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ' Ireland for the Purposes of the said Acts, to the Amount in the whole of Six hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas by ' the said last-mentioned Acts, and by another Act of the Tenth

Year of George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and ' amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of 1 His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases, of the Land

Revenue of the Croton within the Survey of the Exchequer in 1 England, and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland,

and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the

Isles of Man and Alderney, the said Sum of Six hundred thousand rounds so advanced is made a Charge upon and is payable ' out of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, whenever the annual Produce of those Revenues shall cease to be 1 carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and shall be retained 1 by the Crown as Part of its Hereditary Revenue: And whereas it is expedient that such Compensation should be granted by

reducing the Amount chargeable upon the Possessions and Land ' Revenues of the Crown in respect of the Advances made under the several herein-before mentioned Acts; be it therefore further enacted, That so soon as the Estate, Right, and Interest of His Majesty in the several Lighthouses herein-before mentioned shall vest in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants under this Act, the Amount chargeable upon the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in respect of the Advances to the Extent of Six hundred thousand Pounds, so made out of the Consolidated Fund under the said recited Acts, shall be reduced to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, and such last-mentioned Sum only shall be then chargeable upon the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown under the Authority of the recitefl Acts, instead of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds at present charged thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may agree with the Lessees or other Persons interested in the said several Lighthouses at Harwich, Dungeness, Wintertonness, Orfordness, and Hunstanton Cliff, by or under the several Leases so granted thereof by His Majesty, or by the Commissioners

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

aw.

44ft

missioned of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Leases, and also Works, and Buildings, and with the Owners of and Persons inte- I^thm* rested in or herein-after capacitated to agree for the Sale of the ^Sch^ule^ Lighthouses in the Schedule, to this Act mentioned, and the Land whereon the same several Lighthouses respectively stand, and the Buildings, Lands, and Appurtenances thereto belonging or occupied for the Purposes of the same respectively, and the Fixtures, Apparatus, and Furniture thereunto belonging, and the Tolls or Duties payable in respect thereof, and of all Rents, Rent-charges, Annuities, or Payments charged thereon or payable in respect thereof, for the absolute Purchase thereof, and of all or any Estates and Interests therein, for such Purchase Money as shall be agreed upon, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall consider fair and just, having regard to the Value of the Property, and the Rights, Benefits, and Advantages resulting to the Proprietors from the Enjoyment thereof; and that all other Persons whosoever, who at or immediately before the making of this Act were or may become seised or possessed of or entitled to or interested in any such Lighthouse, whether mentioned in the said Schedule or included in any such Lease as aforesaid, may agree with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the absolute Sale thereof, or of such Estate or Interest therein, for such Purchase Money as to the contracting Parties shall seem reasonable; and all such Agreements shall be effectual in the Lpw, and for the Purposes only of every such Agreement and Sale; and for preventing any Question respecting the Validity thereof, by reason of any Defectiveness of Tide in the Party making the same, the Persons who shall have been or shall be in Possession of any such Lighthouse at the Time from which the Purchase thereof respectively shall take effect, and all Persons claiming under such Person, or under or consistently with the Possession of such Person, shall be deemed to have a complete Title: Provided always, that no such Contract shall be made by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants without previous Consent in Writing by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the Power hereby provided to agree for such Sale as aforesaid shall extend to all Corporations, and all Tenants for Life or in Tail, or any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Committees, and all Trustees and other Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves and their own respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, but also for and on behalf of every Person entitled in Reversion, Remainder, or Contingency after them, if incapacitated, and as to such Husbands and Guardians also for and on behalf of their respective Wives and Wards, and as to such Committees for and on behalf of the Lunatics and Idiots of whom they shall be the Committees respectively, and as to all such Corporations, Tenants, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, and other Persons as aforesaid, also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn,

Lunatics, Femes Covert, or other Persons, and all Femes Covert in the same Manner as if they were sole and unmarried, seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right* whether in Fee Simple,

Fee Tail, or for Life or Years, or otherwise, or entitled to Dower 6 & 7 Gul. IV. G g or

450

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Misnomers not to prevent the Execution of this Act.

Differences atto Value to be settled by referring the Matter to a Jury.

Cases in which the Matter is to be referred to a Jury.

or any other Interest: Provided always, that previous to entering into any Agreement under this Clause the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall cause public Notice to be given, of such Tenor and in such Form as they shall think fit, for the Purpose of having the Estates, Rights, and Interests to be purchased in pursuance of this Act ascertained, and the Amount of the Purchase Money claimed for the same settled; such Notice to be published in the London Gazette and in One of the Provincial Newspapers circulated within the County in which or near whereto such Lighthouse shall be situated, and a Copy of the same Notice to be also affiked upon such Lighthouse.

IV. And be it enacted, That if the Names or Descriptions of any of the Lighthouses referred to in this Act or in the Schedule hereto, or of any of the Persons stated to be the Owners or Lessees thereof, ' or interested therein, or in the Tolls payable in respect thereof, shall happen to be mis-stated or omitted herein or in the said Schedule, such Mis-statement or Omission shall not prevent the Execution of this Act; but such Lighthouse and Tolls shall notwithstanding be effectually vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Purposes of this Act

V. And in order to facilitate the Completion of the Purchases of the said Lighthouses with as little Delay as possible, and to provide the Means of obviating any Difficulties and settling any Differences which may arise in adjusting the Terms of Purchase, or from the Refusal or Incapacity of any Party to treat, be it enacted, That in any of the Cases herein-after mentioned the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may refer the Matter to the Determination of a Jury, and for that Purpose the Proceedings herein-after mentioned shall be taken.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Cases in which the Matter may be referred to the Determination of a Jury shall be the following; (that is to say,) if any Corporation, Trustee, or other Person interested, or entitled and capacitated to sell, contract, or agree as aforesaid, shall not agree with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as to the Amount of such Purchase Money; or if any of the Parties entitled to receive such Purchase Money shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money as shall be offered by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, by leaving the same at the Trinity House in London within Thirty Days next after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party giving such Notice shall therein request that the Matter in dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any of such Parties shall, for the Space of Thirty Days knext after such public Notice as aforesaid shall have been affixed, published, and given by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as herein-before mentioned, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or other Cause shall be prevented from treating with the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Sale of their respective Estates and Interests, or the respective Estates and Interests which they respectively are hereby capacitated to sell therein, or shall by reason of any Impediment or Disability not provided for by this Act be incapable of effectually making such Agreement or Sale thereof, or shall not disclose and prove the

State

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 9.

451

State of the Title to the Premises of which they respectively may be in Possession, or which they respectively claim to be entitled unto or interested in; or in case the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall not, within the Period of Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, have ascertained to their Satisfaction in whom any such Lighthouse is lawfully vested, or the Persons entitled or by this Act capacitated to sell as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Reference to a Jury shall be made after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act, except with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being in Possession or entitled to the Profits of the Property proposed to be purchased.

VII. And be it enacted, That in the event of any Matter being referred to the Determination of a Jury, and in order thereto, the following are the Proceedings which shall be observed; that is to say, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall issue a Precept under their Common Seal, or under the Hand of their Secretary for the Time being, to the Sheriff of the County wherein the Lighthouse which shall be the Subject of the proposed Inquiry shall be situate, or if not situate in any County in the County next or nearest whereunto such Lighthouse shall be situate, requiring him to summon, return, and impannel, and the said Sheriff is hereby accordingly empowered and required to summon, return, and impannel, on a certain Day therein to be appointed, a Jury of not less than Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to serve on Special Juries for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Persons to be so summoned, returned, and impannelled shall appear before the said Sheriff at such Time and Place within the said County as in such Precept shall be appointed, and attend from Day to Day until discharged; and out of the Persons so to be summoned, returned, and impannelled, or out of such of them as shall appear, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be impannelled by the said Sheriff, or by some Person to be by him appointed, in such Manner as Special Juries for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster are by Law directed to be impannelled; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff shall summon before him all Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matter in question, and may use all such other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his own as for the said Jury's better Information, as shall be requisite in the Premises; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths, or, being Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmations, (which Oaths and solemn Affirmations, as well as the Oaths and solemn Affirmations of all Persons who shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer,) inquire of and assess and give a Verdict for the true, fair, and just Value of such Lighthouse as may be the Subject of such Inquiry, having regard to the Rights, Benefits, and Advantages resulting to the Proprietors from the Enjoyment thereof, and to the Liabilities to which they are at present subject; and the said Sheriff shall accordingly give Judgment for such

G g 2 Purchase

Course of Proceeding where the Matter is referred to a Jury.

Q.19.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

1*52

In default of Jurors, the Sheriff to adjourn the Inquiry.

Persons interested not to be Jurymen.

No Person to be heard upon the Inquiry without giving previous Notice of his Claim.

Mode of proceeding in case no Person appears.

Jury to settle Proportions to be paid for particular Estates.

Purchase Monies as shall be assessed by such Jury; which said .Verdict and the Judgment thereon to be pronounced as aforesaid shall be conclusive upon all Persons whatsoever: Provided always, that not less than Forty-two Days Notice in Writing of the Time and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned shall be given by or on the Part of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants to the Party with whom any such Controversy shall arise, by causing the same to be published in the London Gazette and in such Provincial Newspaper as aforesaid, and also to be affixed upon the Lighthouses in respect of which such Inquiry shall be had: Provided also, that in every Proceeding before any such Jury the Party claiming such Purchase Money shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants the Defendants: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise respecting the Tolls payable in respect of any such Lighthouse, those which have been usually paid shall in assessing the Value of such Lighthouse be taken to be the Tolls payable in respect thereof, provided they shall not be inconsistent with the Patents, Leases, or Acts of Parliament under which such Tolls are payable.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury to take the Inquisition shall not appear upon the Day so to be appointed by such Precept, the Sheriff shall from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury shall have been obtained by the Means aforesaid, adjourn the Inquiry to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Four Days from the Adjournment thereof; and when a sufficient Number of Jurors shall appear he shall proceed to swear and impannel Twelve of them, who shall inquire as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be summoned or chosen to be of such Jury who shall be an Owner of or possess any Estate or Interest, directly or indirectly, in any such Lighthouse.

X. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be heard before the said Sheriff and the Jury touching the Matter of the Inquiry, unless a previous Notice in Writing of Fourteen Days at the least before the taking of such Inquisition shall be given to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, by leaving the same at the Trinity House in London or at the Office of the Solicitor of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Time being, containing a full and particular Statement of the Nature and Extent of the Estate or Interest in respect whereof such Person shall claim to be heard.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case no Person shall appear pursuant to such Notice so to be given and affixed as aforesaid, then the said Sheriff as aforesaid and also the said Jury shall proceed upon the best Information they can obtain to make such Inquest or Judgment, and such Inquest and Judgment shall be final and conclusive as if all Parties concerned had appeared and been heard.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Jury at the Time of assessing the Value of any such Lighthouse shall (if thereunto required) settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase Money assessed shall be allowed to any Person for any his particular

Estate,

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 7 9.

4&3 '

Estate, Term, or Interest in the Premises that may be shown to be existing therein respectively at the Time of the taking the Inquisition.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Payment, Rent, Rent-charge, Annuity, or Incumbrance so purchased by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, from the Time when the Purchase Money for the same so agreed upon or assessed shall have been paid by them, shall be thereupon deemed to be satisfied and extinguished, and that no Action or Suit or other Proceeding shall thenceforth be had or taken in respect of the same, except to recover such Arrears as may have grown due thereon before the same shall have been so purchased.

XIV. And be it enacted, That each Juryman who shall be summoned, and who shall appear and be ready to be sworn or affirmed upon any such Inquest, shall be allowed his reasonable travelling Expences to and from the Place of Meeting, and that each Juryman who shall be sworn or affirmed shall, in addition thereto, be allowed for his Trouble and Subsistence the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Day's Attendance, and no more, and that the Sheriff, for summoning, returning, and impannelling the Jury, and taking and recording their Verdict and the Judgment to be given thereon, shall be allowed the Sum of Ten Pounds and no more, and for his Subsistence the further Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Day's Attendance in addition to his reasonable travelling Expences to and from the Place of Meeting; which respective Allowances, in case of Dispute, shall be determined by Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and shall be paid by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or their Order.

XV. And be it enacted, That any Justice of the Peace for the County to the Sheriff of which any such Precept may be directed may impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or any Person acting under him or in his Behalf respectively making default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury and shall not appear without sufficient Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn (or, being one of the People called Quakers, to make Affirmation) on the said Jury, or being so sworn or having so made Affirmation shall not give his or their Verdict, and also on any Person who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters referred to, and after Payment or Tender of his or her reasonable travelling Expences shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or be examined or to give Evidence, and on any Person who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty in the Premises contrary to this Act

XVI. And be it enacted, That every such Jury shall be subject to the same Regulations, Pains, and Penalties as if such Jury had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that all Persons who, in any such Inquiry to be made by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence upon Oath or solemn Affirmation before the said Sheriff or his Deputy and such Jury shall be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject

Annuities, &c. after Purchase by Trinity House deemed satisfied.

Allowance to Sheriffs and Jurors.

Fines on Sheriff, Jury, and Witnesses for Nonattendance.

Juries to be under the same Regulations as in Courts at Westminster.

Verdicts to be deemed Records, and Copies Evidence.

Cost of ascertaining Amount of Purchase Money by whom to be paid.

Purchase Money, &c. how to be paid

Lighthouses, and Tolls payable in respect thereof to vest in the Trinity House immediately on Payment or Tender

C. 79. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

to such Punishments and Disqualifications as Persons are subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Verdicts and Judgments, and all other Proceedings of such Sheriff and the Juries respectively, shall be fairly written on Parchment and signed by such Sheriff, and shall be transmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the Peace, or the Person having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the County in which or next whereunto such Lighthouse shall be situate, and shall be deposited with and be Records of such Quarter Sessions; and the same or Copies thereof shall be allowed to be Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same upon paying for such Inspection the Sum of Five Shillings.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in case a Verdict shall upon any such Inquiry be given for a greater Sum of Money than shall have been offered by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants previously to the summoning of such Jury, or in case no such Offer shall have been made, or in case by reason of Absence or other Impediment or Disability there shall not be found any Person legally capacitated to receive the Purchase Money, then all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Purchase Money to be assessed and awarded, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be settled by the Sheriff, and shall be paid by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants; but in case any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum of Money as shall have been previously offered by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered, or in case of such Refusal to treat by any Person by this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat for and receive such Purchase Money, then all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Purchase Money to be assessed and awarded, and of so assessing and awarding the same (being first so taxed) , shall be paid in manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof shall be paid by the said Master, Widens, and Assistants, and the other Moiety shall be deducted out of the Sum so to be assessed or awarded; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder shall be taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all such Purchase Money as shall he so agreed for or so assessed under this Act shall within Three Months next after such Agreement shall have been concluded, or within Three Months next after the Amount of such Purchase Money shall have been so assessed, be paid by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants either to the Person entitled to receive the same or into the Bank of England, in manner herein-after mentioned in Cases where the same is hereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England.

XX. And be it enacted, That immediately upon Payment or Tender of the Purchase Money thereof being made either to the Party or Parties respectively entitled to receive such Monies or into the Bank of England in the Manner in this Act directed respectively, as the Case may require, every such Lighthouse in respect whereof such Monies shall have been so paid or tendered shall thereupon absolutely vest in the said Master, Wardens, and

Assistants,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

455

Assistants, and their Successors, and they shall thenceforth be deemed to be in the actual Possession thereof, discharged from all other Estates, Reversions, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands of any other Person therein or thereto, or in or to the Tolls payable in respect thereof, and also from all Rents or Payments whatsoever issuing out of or reserved or charged upon or made payable in respect of the same, or the Tolls payable in respect thereof, to or for the Use of any Person; and so soon as any such Lighthouse shall in manner aforesaid become vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, the Tolls which shall then be by Law payable in respect of any such Lighthouse shall thenceforth become payable to and recoverable by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and be applied as are other the like Tolls now payable to them.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Payment shall be legally charged upon any Lighthouse, or where any Sum of Money shall have been advanced by any Person upon the Security of any such Lighthouse, then such Lighthouse and the Tolls to be from Time to Time payable in respect thereof shall remain subject to such Payment or so much thereof as shall be unpaid at the Time when- such Lighthouse shall vest in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants until they shall have purchased the same Payment under this Act; and every Person to whom any such Payment shall be payable shall from the Time when such Lighthouse shall have so vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and until such Payment shall have been so purchased by them, have such and the like Means of enforcing his Security against the said Tolls to be from Time to Time collected by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as he could have had if this Act had not been passed against the Tolls now payable in respect of such Lighthouse.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any ascertained Sum of Money, or any Interest for the same, shall be remaining unpaid and charged upon any such Lighthouse, or the Tolls payable in respect of the same, at the Time when the same shall be purchased by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall have due Notice thereof, then they may retain the Amount of such Sum of Money and Interest respectively from the Amount of the Purchase Money, and they shall thereupon pay over the Amount of such Sum of Money and Interest respectively so remaining unpaid to the Person to whom the same shall be payable; and if such Person to whom such Sum of Money or Interest shall be payable shall be a Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or otherwise under a general Disability or Incapacity to give a Discharge for such Sum of Money or Interest respectively, then they shall cause the same to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account there " ex-parte the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond," in such Manner and pursuant to such Method and subject to such Orders, and to be so dealt with, applied, and disposed of as is herein-after pointed out in respect of the Monies which shall belong to Femes Covert,

G g 4 Infants,

of the Purchase Money.

Debts charged on Lighthouses to be still charged thereon.

Trinity House empowered to deduct such Debts out of the Purchase Money.

456

C. 79.

6° & ?* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Application of Purchase Money when amounting to 200L and upwards.

1 G. 4. c. 35.

Application of Purchase Money when less than 2001. and more than 201.

Infants, Lunatics, or other Persons under a general Disability or Inability to sell on account of the Purchase of any Lighthouse.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all such Purchase Money which shall belong to any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person under a general Disability or Incapacity to sell, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account there " ex parte the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strandpursuant to the Method prescribed by an Act of the First Year of George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better securing Monies and Effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court, and for other Purposes, and shall be subject to the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person who would have been entitled to the annual Profits or Produce of any Estate or Interest in such Lighthouse, in the Purchase of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as such Lighthouse stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Exchequer, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce thereof shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court to the Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the annual Profits and Produce of such Lighthouse in case the same had not been purchased or taken by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants under this Act

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Purchase Money of any such Lighthouse belonging to any Person under Disability or Incapacity shall be less than Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed Twenty Pounds, then the same shall, at the Option of the Person for the Time being entitled to the annual Profits or Produce of such Lighthouse, or of his Guardian or Committee or Trustee, or Person acting as such, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands or Common Seat be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his Account aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, -

14 to

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.;

C. 79.

457

to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person making such Option, and approved of by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands or Common Seal of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Purchase Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the same shall be applicable, without its being necessary to obtain the Direction or Appointment of the said Court

XXV. And be it enacted, That where any such Purchase Money shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the annual Produce of such Lighthouse, in suclr Manner as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, or other Incapacity or Disability to sell, then the same shall be paid to his Guardian or Committee or Trustee, or other Person acting as such, for the Use of such Person so entitled; and the Receipt of the Person so entitled, or of the Person to whom the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall make such Payments as aforesaid, shall be a> Discharge to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person to whom any Sum of Money shall be awarded shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a Title to such Lighthouse to the Satisfaction of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or in case the Person to whom any Sum of Money shall be awarded cannot be found, or if the Person entitled to such Lighthouse be not known or cannot be discovered, then the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may order the said Sum assessed and awarded as and for any Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and of the Parties interested in such Lighthouse, subject to the Order of the said Court of Exchequer; which said Court, on the Application of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Party making claim to such Sum of Money or any Part thereof, by, Motion or Petition, may in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, order the same to be invested in the Public Funds, and may order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Interest of the Parties making claim thereto, and may make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just; and the Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive any such Sum of Money shall give a Receipt for the same, specifying for what and for whose Use the same is received.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Party to any Money paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act as Purchase Money, or to any Bank Annuities purchased therewith, or to the Dividends of any such Annuities, the Party who shall have been in Possession of such Lighthouse or in the Possession and Enjoyment of the annual Profits or Produce of such Tolls, or in the actual Perception

Application of Purchase Money when not exceeding SOJ.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Persons entitled cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Person in Possession to be deemed entitled until the contrary be shown.

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

Expences of Purchases to be paid by Trinity House where the Purchase Money is paid into the Bank *

Compensation to Officers, &c. discharged.

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 24.

Trinity House empowered to borrow Money.

tion of such Rent, Rent-charge, Payment, Annuity, or Incumbrance, at the Time of such Purchase Money being agreed upon or awarded, shall be taken to have the complete Title thereto, according to such Possession and Enjoyment, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Exchequer; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities shall be applied accordingly; and the said Court shall on the Application of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or of any Party claiming such Purchase Money or Bank Annuities, order such Proceedings to be taken for the Purpose of deciding upon the Validity or Invalidity of the Claim of such Party as to the Court shall seem meet.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person entitled to any such Lighthouse the Purchase Money shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and be subject to the Orders and Directions of the Court of Exchequer, under the Provisions herein contained, the said Court may order all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Purchase, or which may be incurred in consequence thereof and also of the Investment of the Purchase Money in Real or Government Securities, and likewise the Reinvestment of such Purchase Money, or the Government and Real Securities purchased therewith, in the Purchase of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as herein-before mentioned, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining the proper Orders and of the other Proceedings for such Purposes, and of the Payment of the Dividends and Interest of the said Government or Real Securities, and of the Payment of the Principal of the said Purchase Money, and of the Government or Real Securities purchased therewith, out of Court, to be paid by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, out of the Tolls which shall be received by them under this Act, may, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, pay to any of the Officers or Servants now employed on account of any of the Lighthouses now vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or to be vested in them under this Act, or in the Collection of the Tolls payable in respect thereof, and whom they may not have Occasion to retain in their said Office, such reasonable Pension, by way of annual or quarterly Payments, as to them shall seem proper: Provided always, that no such Pension shall exceed the Proportion with reference to the Amount of his Salary and the Time of his Service which may be granted as a Superannuation Allowance to Officers and Clerks in the Public Service, under an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service.

XXX. And the better to enable the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

459

may, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, by Bond or Writing under their Common Seal, borrow at such Rate of Interest as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf any Sums of Money that shall appear to them to be necessary for enabling them to complete the Purchase of the said several Lighthouses referred to in this Act or in the Schedule hereto, and to carry the Purposes of this Act into execution; and the Lord High Treasurer may from Time to Time, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, lend to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, upon the Security of such Bonds or Writings, such Sums of Money, upon such Terms and Conditions and at such Rate of Interest as the said Lord High Treasurer shall think tit, upon Application in Writing to be sade to him for such Purpose by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, such Loan to be applied by them for any of the aforesaid Purposes; and from the Time of any such Bond or Writing being so made and given for any of the aforesaid Purposes, the said Master. Wardens, and Assistants from Time to Time shall keep down the Interest which shall have accrued due on any such Bond or Writing, or may pay off the Whole or any Part of the Principal Money secured thereby, together with the Arrears of Interest thereon, from the Proceeds of any Tolls which may at the Time be payable to them.

XXXI. And whereas certain Tolls are by Law payable in respect of certain of the Lighthouses referred to in this Act as

being under the Control and Management of Individuals, and also in respect of certain other Lighthouses now under the Control and Management of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, on Foreign Ships and Vessels, over and above the Tolls

payable in respect of such Lighthouses on British Ships and ' Vessels; but the Vessels of certain Foreign Powers have by virtue of Conventions and Treaties heretofore entered into with such Foreign Powers, and by Orders of His Majesty in Council,

been exempted from the Payment of such extra Tolls, and Provision hath been made for indemnifying the several Persons entitled thereto, by Payment of the same out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs: And whereas it is expedient that the said ' Consolidated Duties should be relieved from such Payments be it therefore enacted, That from the passing of this Act no Payment shall be made out of the said Consolidated Duties as Indemnity for such extra Tolls in respect of any Lighthouse now under the Control and Management of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, nor shall any such Payment be made in respect of any Lighthouse to be purchased by them under the Authority of this Act from the Time when the Purchase thereof shall be completed.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Times hereafter any of the said Conventions and Treaties shall determine, or any of the said Orders of His Majesty in Council shall be revoked, then the said extra Tolls shall again be levied on the Ships and Vessels of Foreign Powers on which, prior to such Conventions, Treaties, and Order such extra Tolls were payable; and the Amount of all such extra Tolls which shall be received by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, shall be paid by

Extra Duties on Foreign Ships privileged under the Reciprocity Acts no longer to be paid to the Trinity House out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs.

If Reciprocity Conventions cease, the Duties to be again levied, &c.

6° & 7» GULIELMI IV.

Duties in respect of the Foreland Lights to vest in the Trinity House discharged of the Rent to the Crown.

Powers of the Acts relating to the Skerries, Spurn Point, and Tinmouth Castle Lights extended to Trinity House.

Vesting the Lighthouse at Heligoland and the Bembridge Light in the Trinity House.

C..T9 *

A.D. 1856.

by them to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXIII. And whereas the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants are seised in Fee of the Lighthouses at the North and South Forelands in the County of Kent, and the Land occupied ' therewith, and are entitled to receive certain Tolls in respect ' thereof under a Warrant for a Lease from the Crown, subject to ' the Payment of a certain Rent in respect thereof be it enacted, That from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven all the Tolls now payable in respect of the said Lighthouses shall be vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors, freed from the said Rent, and shall thenceforth continue to be payable to and receivable by them as are other the like Tolls now payable to them.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That immediately from the Completion by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the respective Purchases of any of the several Lighthouses called respectively the Skerries, Spurn Point, and Tinmouth Castle Light, all the Powers which are by the recited Act of the Third Year of George the Second and the recited Acts of the Sixth, Twelfth, and Forty-second Years of George the Third respectively granted to or in favour of the Persons interested in such Lighthouses, or for the better Maintenance of the same Lighthouses respectively, or in regard to the Payment and Collection of Tolls in respect thereof, shall be exercised by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants under this Act.

XXXV. And whereas there hath for a long Series of Years ' been a Lighthouse upon the Island of Heligoland, and a Light ' exhibited therefrom for the Protection and Guidance of Ships ' and Vessels navigating the German Ocean, or entering or departing from the Rivers Elbe and Weser, and such Lighthouse was rebuilt in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred ' and ten: And whereas a Floating Light was established in or ' about the Year One thousand eight and thirteen on Bembridge ' Ledge in the English Channel: And whereas the said Lighthouse and Light have since those Times been respectively maintained by and at the Cost of His Majestybe it therefore further enacted, That from the passing of this Act the said Lighthouse at Heligoland, with the Land, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging or occupied for the Purpose thereof, and all the Fixtures, Apparatus, and Furniture respectively belonging thereto, and the Floating Light on Bembridge Ledge aforesaid, with the Vessel from which the same is exhibited, and the Tackle, Furniture, and Stores belonging to the said Vessel, together with the Furniture and Apparatus of and belonging to< the said Floating Light, shall become the Property of and absolutely vest in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors, and they shall thenceforth be deemed to be in the actual Occupation thereof, freed from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, whether of His Majesty or of any other Person, and the Maintenance, Control, and Management of the said Lighthouse and Floating Light shall thenceforth be in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants as are the several Lighthouses and Floating Lights now belonging to them.

A.D. 1838. 6° & 7° <5ULIELMI IV. C. 79.

, XXXVI. And whereas the 'Tolls received in respect of the ' Lighthouse in the Island of Heligoland are insufficient to defray ' the necessary Expences of maintaining the same, and the Excess

of Expences beyond the Receipts has become a considerable ' Charge on His Majesty's Government: And whereas Foreign

Ships and Vessels, although they derive great Benefit from the said Lighthouse, do not at present pay any Toll in respect ' thereof, and it is reasonable that such Foreign Vessels should

contribute to the Expences of the same, so far as they are bene-

fited therebybe it therefore further enacted, That from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the several Tolls now levied and taken in respect of the said Light so exhibited on the said Island of Heligoland shall cease and be no longer received, and that in lieu thereof the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may from the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, from Time to Time, receive towards the Maintenance of the said Lighthouse, and the Exhibition of a proper Light therefrom, the Sum of One Penny per Ton for every Vessel (not belonging to His Majesty) for each Time that such Vessel shall depart from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to any Port or Place at, within, or near to the Entrance of the Rivers Elbe and Weser or either of them, and the like Toll upon every Vessel (not belonging to His said Majesty) for each Time that such Vessel shall arrive at any Port or Place within the said United Kingdom from any Port or Place at, within, or near to the Entrance of the said Rivers or either of them.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That so much of the recited Act of the Sixth Year of George the Third as gives to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Hull any Authority, Superintendence, or Control over the Lighthouses therein referred to, and so much of the recited Act of the Forty-second Year of George the Third as gives to the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Authority to inspect the Lighthouse in the last-mentioned Act referred to, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That from the passing of this Act no new Light, Beacon, or Sea Mark shall be exhibited or altered or caused or permitted to be exhibited or altered, nor shall any now existing Light, Beacon, or Sea Mark be altered or caused or permitted to be altered, by any Trustees, Commissioners, Corporation, Company, local Officer, or Person whatsoever heretofore authorized so to do on any Pier or in or near to any Port or Harbour on the Coast of the United Kingdom, or on any of the Islands, Rocks, or other Places adjoining or near to the same, for the Guidance of Ships and Vessels navigating by and along the said Coasts or entering or resorting to or departing from any Port, Harbour, Canal, or other Place, without the Sanction in Writing of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, or Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin, as the Case may be, having been first obtained in that Behalf; and all such Persons shall in all Things conform to such reasonable Orders and Alterations as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, shall from Time to Time

461

Duties to be taken in respect of the Heligoland Light.

6 G.S. c. 31. and 42 G. S. c. 43. as to Trinity Houses of Hull and Newcastle-upon-Tyne, repealed.

Trinity House, Commissioners of Northern Lights, and Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin to have Control over Pier and Harbour Lights.

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6,

Vnwk of the Trinity House to be exempt from Harbour Dues, &c. whilst such Vessels are in actual Service.

Duties hereafter to be paid in respect of LighthouseSj&c. on the Coasts of Scotland.

Certain extra Duties on Foreign Ships privileged under the Reciprocity Acts to cease.

Power to the Commissioners and the Corporation for pre-

Time make and direct as to the Description and Power of any such Light and the Character of any such Beacon or Sea Mark, and the Mode of exhibiting the same respectively, due Notice of such Orders and Alterations being first given by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, to them.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all the Vessels, Yachts, Barges, and Boats of or in the Employ of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants from Time to Time and at all Times whilst they shall be in the actual bona fide Service of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, may pass and repass by and along the Coasts of the United Kingdom, and all Lighthouses erected or exhibited upon or near the said Coasts, and pass and repass into or out of any Harbour, Port, Creek, River, Canal, or other Place in the said United Kingdom, and (if need be) be moored and abide within the same respectively, without being liable to any Harbohr or Port Dues, Pier Duties, River or Cansd Dues, Light Dues, Pilotage Dues, or other Rates, Tolls, Dues, Duties, Taxes, Demands, or Payments whatsoever, for or in respect of their so doing, any Law, Statute, Charter, Grant, Prescription, Custom, Usage, or Bye Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it enacted, That from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven the Tolls now payable by or in respect of Vessels for or towards the Maintenance of the several Lighthouses at present under the Management of the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses shall cease to be payable, and that in lieu thereof there shall thenceforth for ever be paid to the said Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses for every Vessel belonging to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (the same not belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or being navigated wholly in Ballast) , and for every Foreign Vessel which by any Act of Parliament, Order in Council, Convention, or Treaty shall be privileged to enter the Ports of the said United Kingdom upon paying the same Duties of Tonnage as are paid by British Vessels (the same not being Vessels navigated wholly in Ballast) , which shall pass any of the said Lighthouses or derive Benefit thereby, the Toll of One Halfpenny per Ton of the Burden of every such Vessel for each Time of passing every such Lighthouse or deriving Benefit thereby, and of Onfc Penny per Ton for each Time of passing the BeU Rock Lighthouse, and Double the said Tolls for every Foreign Vessel not so privileged.

XLI. And be it enacted, That from the passing of This Act all Payments heretofore made to the said Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses and to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin respectively, out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs, in lieu of any extra Tolls payable on Foreign Vessels in respect of any Lighthouse on the Coasts of Scotland or Ireland respectively, shall cease: Provided always, that in case any of the said extra Tolls shall again be levied, the same shall be paid by the said Commissioners and Corporation to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland *

XLII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses and the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin respectively may from Time to Time erect, set up, place, and maintain such new or other Lighthouses

in

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

463

in sack Places on the Coasts and Islands of Scotland and Ireland respectively as to them shall seem expedient, and also from Time to Time so alter or remove any Lighthouses on the said Coasts, and so vary the Mode of exhibiting Lights from any such Lighthouse, as to them shall seem expedient: Provided always, that no such new Lighthouse shall be erected on the said Coasts and Islands of Scotland or Ireland, nor shall any Lighthouse be removed, or the Character thereof or of the Light exhibited therefrom he altered by the said Commissioners or the said Corporation respectively, until they shall have given to the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand Six Months Notice in Writing of their Intention so to alter, remove, or vary the same, by leaving such Notice at the Trinity House in London, together with the Grounds of such their Intention; and if the said Master* Wardens, and Assistants shall see Ground to disapprove of the Erection of any such intended new Lighthouse or any such intended Removal or Alteration of the Character of any existing Lighthouse or Light, or shall suggest any Improvement therein respectively, and shall notify such their Disapproval or Suggestion (as the Case may be) to the said Commissioners or Corporation within the Space of Six Months next after receiving such Notice, then such Disapproval or Suggestion so to be notified as aforesaid shall be conclusive on the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively, nor shall it in any such Case be lawful to the said Commissioners or Corporation to carry into effect any such proposed or intended Erection, Work, Removal, or Alteration, except in such Manner and Form as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall so as aforesaid have suggested or approved of; and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants may from Time to Time suggest to the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively Alterations in relation to the Management of such Lighthouses, or in relation to the Form of the Lights exhibited therefrom or the Times or Manner of so exhibiting the same, or the Erection of any new Lighthouse, and of such their Suggestions may cause written Notice to be from Time to Time given to the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively, by leaving the same at the Office of the said Commissioners in Edinburgh or at the Office of the said Corporation in Dublin (as the Case may be); and thereupon the Commissioners or Corporation (as the Case may be) shall with all convenient Speed consider the same, and report their Opinion thereon to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners or Corporation (as the Case may be) shall be dis-satisfied with any such Disapproval or Suggestions as aforesaid they shall without Delay cause a Copy of the Notification of such Disapproval or of such Suggestions, as the Case may be, to be laid before His Majesty in Council, together with their Remarks thereon, and His Majesty in Council thereupon may make Orders to the said Commissioners or Corporation with respect to any such Disapproval or Suggestions as to His Majesty in Council shall seem fitting, and the same Commissioners or Corporation (as the Case may be) shall thenceforth in all Things conform to all such last-mentioned Orders.

serving the Port of Dublin to erect other Lighthouses^ *, in Scotland and Ireland; provided that previous Notice be given to the Trinity House; whose Disapproval shall be conclusive on the Commissioners and Corporation respectively.

Commissioners or Corporation to be at liberty to appeal to the King in Council.

464

C.W.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Power to Trinity House to enter and view Lighthouses.

-Duties to be payable in respect of new Lighthouses on the Coasts of Scotland and, Ireland.

Notice of new Lights to be published in the Gazette, See.

New Lighthouses, &c. and the Tolls thereof to vest in the Commissioners or Corporation.

Lighthouses on the Irish or Scotch Coasts may be surrendered to the Commissioners or Corporation.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors, and their Engineers, Workmen, and Servants, may from Time to Time and at all Times enter the Lighthouses on the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively, to view the Condition thereof or otherwise for the Purposes of this Act.

XLV. And be it enacted, That from the Time when any such new Lighthouse shall under this Act have been so erected upon the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively, and so long as a Light shall be exhibited from such Lighthouse during the Night Season, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Corporation who shall have erected the same, by the Owner or other Person having the Command of any Vessel not belonging to His Majesty which shall pass such Lighthouse, or derive Benefit thereby, such reasonable Toll as shall have been first approved in that Behalf by His Majesty in Council.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as any such new Lighthouse shall have been so erected upon the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively under this Act, and the Toll to be paid for the same shall have been approved, Notice thereof shall be given by such of them the said Commissioners or Corporation as shall have erected such Lighthouse Three several Times in the London Gazette, and also in Two or more of the principal Papers in Edinburgh and Dublin respectively; (that is to say,) in Two or more of the principal Papers circulated in Edinburgh when such new Lighthouse shall be erected on the Coasts of Scotland, and in Two or more of the principal Papers circulated in Dublin when such new Lighthouse shall be erected on the Coasts of Ireland; and the Toll to be paid in respect of such Lighthouse shall not become payable until One Month next after the Date of the last of such Notices.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every such new Lighthouse erected on the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively under this Act, and the Tolls payable in respect thereof, shall immediately on the erecting of such Lighthouse and the Establishment of such Tolls be vested in such of them the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively as shall have erected such Lighthouse, and in their respective Successors, as the Lighthouses now on the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively, and the Tolls payable in respect thereof, are now vested in them respectively.

aLVIII. And be it further enacted, That from the passing of this Act all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees or Commissioners, and all Persons whomsoever, having any Lighthouse in Scotland and Ireland respectively, or on or near the respective Coasts thereof, whether under the Authority of Parliament or any Charter or Usage, may surrender the same to the said Commissioners or Corporation, as the Case may be, who are hereby empowered to accept the same, if they think fit; and such Lighthouse being so surrendered and accepted shall thenceforth be under the Management and Control of the said Commissioners or Corporation (as the Case may be) , and be subject to the same Regulations, and the Tolls payable in respect thereof shall be subject to be reduced, relinquished, or modified in like Manner

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

465

A.D. 1836.

CJ9.

as other the Lighthouses of the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively, and the Tolls payable in respect thereof.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said. Commissioners or Corporation to grant any Pension, Compensation, or retired Allowance to any Person in their Service out of the Tolls to be received by them which shall exceed the Proportion, with reference to the Amount of the Salary and Time of the Service of such Person, which may be granted as a Superannuation Allowance to Persons in the Public Service under the before-recited Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

L. And be it enacted, That the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin may, after the passing of this Act, appoint fit Persons at and for such Ports, Districts, and Places in Ireland as they shall deem expedient to be Collectors of the Tolls payable or to be hereafter payable to the said Corporation in respect of Lighthouses upon the Coasts of Ireland; and as soon as such Appointment shall have been made the Tolls which by the said recited Act of the Fifty-second Year of King George the Third are directed to be paid to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland shall be paid to and collected by the Collectors so to be appointed by the said Corporation.

LI. And for the more uniform and better Collection of the Tolls payable in respect of Lighthouses throughout the United Kingdom, and for affording greater Facility to Parties paying the same, be it enacted, That from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the Collector from Time to Time appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for any Port, District, or Plaoe in England *, and the Collector appointed by the said Commissioners for any Port, District, or Place in Scotland, and the Collector appointed by the said Corporation for any Port, District, or Place in Ireland, is hereby authorized and required to collect, demand, and receive all the Tolls to which every Vessel within such Port, District, or Place shall be liable in respect of any Lighthouse, in whatsoever Part of the said United Kingdom such Lighthouse may be situate, and whether such Tolls shall be payable to such of them, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation, as such Collector was appointed by, or to the other or others of them; and every such Collector shall account for and pay over all the Tolls received by him to such of them, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation, as he shall have been appointed by; and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation, shall in every Year mutually account to each other for all such Tolls as shall have been received by any of them for the others of them respectively under this Act, and pay over whatever Balance may be due on such Account to either of them.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any Time the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be of opinion that in any Case the Collection of the said Tolls can conveniently and properly be made, and that it is expedient that the same should be made by the Collector or other Chief Officer of 6&7GUL.IV. Hb His

Restriction as to granting of Pensions by the Commissioners and Corporation.

Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin may appoint Collectors of Tolls in respect of Lighthouses.

Duties in respect of Lighthouses throughout the United Kingdom, how to be collected *

Duties to be collected by the Officers of His Majesty's Customs when the Lords of the

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D4836.

Treasury so recommend.

Duties, when to be collected.

Allowance for Collection in certain Cases.

Power of Distress for Duties.

His Majesty's Customs at any Port or Race, the said Lords Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time communicate such their Opinion to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, who shall thereupon appoint such Collector or other Chief Officer to make such Collection accordingly, and pay him such Commission or Allowance (if any) in respect thereof as to the said Lords Commissioners shall seem reasonable.

LUL And be it enacted, That no Officer of the Customs of His Majesty at any of the Ports, Harbours, or Places of the said United Kingdom, who shall be required in manner ^herein-after mentioned to ascertain that such Tolls have been paid, shall receive any Entry or Report or Cocquet or other Discharge or Clearance, Inwards or Outwards, for apy Vessel liable to any Tolls payable in respect of any Lighthouse, in whatever Part of the United Kingdom the same may be, until the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Command of such Vessel, or his Agent, shall show to such Officer of the Customs a Voucher for the Payment of such Tolls, signed by some Collector appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, in respect of such Port, Harbour, or Place (if any such Collector shall have been so appointed); and so often as it shall happen that there shall be no such Collector appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, in respect of any such Port, Harbour, or Place, then until the Amount of such Tolls to which any such Vessel entering or departing from any such Port, Harbour, or Place shall be liable shall have been paid to the Collector or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs at such Port, Harbour, or Place, who shall receive such Tolls, and cause the Amount thereof to be paid to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation; (that is to say,) where the Port, Harbour, or Place shall be in England, to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants; where the said Port, Harbour, or Place shall be in Scotland, to the said Commissioners; and where the said Port, Harbour, or Place shall be in Ireland, to the said Corporation; the said Officer of His Majesty receiving such Tolls and paying the same being allowed such reasonable Commission in respect thereof as to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, shall seem meet, so that the same shall not exceed Five per Cent, on the Sums collected by him; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's . Customs shall from Time to Time, if thereunto requested by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, require some one Officer of His Majesty's Customs at every such Port, Harbour, or Place to ascertain that such Tolls have been paid, and shall from Time to Time give such Orders to such Officer in relation thereto as shall seem necessary for securing the Collection of the said Tolls, according to any Regulation then in force respecting such Collection.

LIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Master or Owner, or other Person having the Charge of any Vessel liable to the Payment of any Tolls in respect of any Lighthouse shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Tolls to which such Vessel shall be liable to the Collector authorized to receive the same, the said Master,

Wardens,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

467

Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, or the Collector authorized to receive the same, or the Collector or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or other Person entitled to receive the same, may seize and carry away any of the Goods, Merchandize, Guns, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel of or belonging to or on board of any such Vessel (leaving Notice thereof on board such Vessel) , and detain the same for the Space of Three full Days then next, unless the said Tolls, and all Arrears thereof due in respect of such Vessel, shall in the meantime be satisfied; and in case all such Tolls and Arrears thereof shall not before the Expiration of such Three Days have been satisfied, then the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, or the Collector authorized to receive the same, or the Collector or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or other Person entitled to receive the same, or such Person as they shall appoint in that Behalf, may cause the same Goods, Merchandize, Guns, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel so seized to be appraised by Two or more sufficient Persons or sworn Appraisers, within a reasonable Space of Time then next following, and may thereupon sell the same, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale pay the Amount of the Tolls or Arrears thereof to which such Ship shall be liable, together with the reasonable Charges of the Seizure, Detention, Appraisement, and Sale, rendering to the Master or Owner or other Person having the Command of such Vessel the Overplus (if any) on Demand.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and the said Commissioners and the said Corporation, may sue for and recover the Amount of any Tolls payable to them in respect of any Lighthouse by Action of Debt or Suit in Equity in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or Ireland, } against the Owner or Master, or other Person having the Command of any Vessel liable thereto.

LVI. And whereas by the recited Act of the Third Year of ' George the Fourth the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants were empowered from Time to Time upon the Requisition or with the Consent of His Majesty in Council, to reduce, relinquish,

or modify, in manner therein mentioned, the Tolls therein mentioned; and in exercise of the said Power they have, with such ' Consent, reduced and modified sundry of the Tolls in the recited Act mentioned, to the great Relief of the Owners of ' Vessels liable thereto: And whereas, in order to the further Relief of the Owners of Vessels, it is expedient that the Powers ' of the recited Act given to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants should be enlarged and extended to the several Tolls

now or hereafter to be payable to the said Master, Wardens, c and Assistants, and that the like Powers should be given to

the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively, in relation to the Tolls now or hereafter to be payable to them in respect of Lighthouses on the Coasts of Scotland and Ireland respectively; be it therefore enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, may from Time to Time, upon the Requisition or with the Consent of His Majesty in Council, reduce, relinquish, or modify

Duties may be recovered by Action or Suit.

Duties throughout the United Kingdom to be subject to be reduced, &c. according to the Statute S G. 4. c. 111.

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Regulations to be made for Relief of Ships and Vessels with regard to Duties.

Tables of Tolls and Regulations to be hung up in Custom Houses.

the Tolls now or hereafter to be payable to them in* respect of any Lighthouse, and upon the like Requisition or with the like Consent may revive and re-establish or increase, or otherwise modify any such Tolls so relinquished or modified, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require, in such Manner and Form, and subject to such Conditions and Limitations, as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants are now by Law empowered to do in respect of the Tolls mentioned in the recited Act of the Third Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, from Time to Time, upon the like Requisition, or with the like Consent of His Majesty in Council, may make Regulations for the Purpose of relieving certain Vessels from the Tolls payable to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, in respect of any Lighthouses, upon such Terms and to such Extent as to them respectively shall seem proper, or for the Purpose of substituting any other Class of Toll or other Payment in respect of Vessels, or any particular Description of Vessels, in lieu of the Tolls to which such Vessels may be subject at the Time of the making such Regulations respectively, or for the Purpose of altering the Times and Places or either of them at which any Tolls in respect of any Lighthouses shall be payable, and may revoke or alter any such Regulation; and from and after the Time when such Regulation shall take effect the Tolls thereby made payable shall be paid by the Owners and Masters of the Vessels mentioned therein (unless otherwise directed by such Regulation) , and be recoverable by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporations respectively, at such Time and Place and in such Manner as were the Tolls in lieu Whereof the same shall have been so made payable: Provided always, that no such Regulation, or Revocation or Alteration of any such Regulation, shall take effect until the same shall have been submitted by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, to and shall have been assented to and confirmed by His Majesty in Council, and such Assent and Confirmation shall have been signified in Writing to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, nor until One Month after the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively shall have caused Notice of such Regulation, or of such Revocation or Alteration of any Regulation, (as the Case may be,) to be published in the London Gazette, .

LVIII. And, to the Intent that the Amount of the Tolls from Time to Time payable to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, upon Vessels, in respect of Lighthouses, and also the Regulations from Time to Time in force concerning them, may be publicly made known, be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall have completed the said Purchases by this Act authorized to be made, and shall, upon the Requisition or with the Consent of His Majesty in Council, have altered, modified, or reduced the Tolls hereby vested in them, or made Regulations concerning the same, they shall cause to be

10 drawn

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

drawn up a Table of all the Tolls payable to them upon Vessels in respect of any Lighthouses, together with a Summary of such Regulations as shall have been made by them concerning the same upon such Requisition or with such Consent as aforesaid, and shall .cause the same to be laid before His Majesty in Council, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk of the Council, and enrolled or entered amongst the Public Records thereof; and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall cause a printed Copy of such Table together with such Summary to be delivered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs at His Majesty's Custom House in London, and a printed Copy thereof to be also forwarded to His Majesty's Principal Officer of Customs at eaqh Port or Place within the United Kingdom for which any such Officer shall be appointed; and the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively shall within Four Months next after the passing of this Act in like Manner cause to be drawn up a like Table of all the Tolls payable to them respectively upon Vessels in respect of any Lighthouses, with a Summary of such Regulations as shall have been made by them concerning the same upon such Requisition or with such Consent as aforesaid, and shall cause the same to be laid, before His Majesty in Council, and the same shall be signed and enrolled or entered as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners and Corporation respectively shall cause printed Copies of such Tables respectively, together with such Summary, to be so delivered and forwarded as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as often as any Alteration in the Amount of any such Tolls, or any new Regulation, or Alteration of any existing Regulation concerning the same, shall be made, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, shall, with all convenient Speed, cause fresh Tables of such Tolls and a Summary of every such new Regulation or Alteration to be laid before His Majesty in Council, where the same shall be so signed and entered as aforesaid; and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, shall cause printed Copies thereof in like Manner to be delivered at His Majesty's Custom Houses in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin respectively, and forwarded to such several principal Officers of Customs within the United Kingdom; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Port of London, Edinburgh, and Dublin respectively, and all other His Majesty's Principal Officers of Customs for any such Port or Place to whom any such Copies shall be so delivered or forwarded, shall cause the same to be kept constantly hung up. and preserved as long as the same shall remain in force in some conspicuous Part of His Majesty's Custom Houses in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin respectively, or other the Custom House for any such Port or Place, so that the said Tables may be seen and read by all Persons having any Business in such Custom Houses respectively; and the Tolls specified in any such Table, when so signed and entered, shall be the lawful Tolls or Duties payable to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, and the same, and none other, shall be received by them respectively upon the Vessels and in respect of the Lighthouses therein referred to, and in such Manner and Form as shall be directed therein, or in such Summary so therewith

H h 3 drawn

C. 79.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Power to alter the Situation of Lighthouses.

Trinity House empowered to purchase Ground not exceeding One Acre adjoining any Lighthouse.

drawn up and entered as aforesaid; and a Copy of any such Table, examined with the Original so entered and so purporting to be signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken in all Courts of Law and other Places to be Evidence of the Right to recover such Tolls according to the Tenor thereof.

LIX. And whereas the Sands and Shoals upon the Coasts of the United Kingdom are in many Places liable to vary their Form so considerably as to occasion Changes in the Course of the Navigation near the same, and it is therefore expedient, for the more effectual Security of Ships and Vessels navigating the Seas off and near to the Coasts of the said United Kingdom, that

Power should be given to alter from Time to Time the Position ' of the Lighthouses erected or placed for the Protection of

Vessels, as Occasion may require be it therefore enacted, That when any Lighthouse shall, by reason of any Variation or Change in the Form of any such Sand or Shoal, become unnecessary in the Situation in which the same shall then be, and shall become necessary or would from such or any other Cause be more useful in some other Situation, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, may upon the Requisition or with the Consent of His Majesty in Council, remove and discontinue any such Lighthouse, and erect another or other Lighthouses instead thereof where they shall be found better adapted for the Purpose of protecting Ships and Vessels from Damage; and from the Time at which such new Lighthouse shall have been so erected, and so long as the same shall be maintained, and a Light shall be exhibited therefrom during the Night Season, the Tolls theretofore payable in respect of such Lighthouse so removed or discontinued shall be payable in respect of such new Lighthouse, and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, may thenceforth collect and have the same Tolls for the Maintenance of any such new Lighthouse, from or in respect of such and the same Vessels, and to be collected, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, as were the Tolls in respect of the Lighthouse so removed or discontinued: Provided always, that where any such Lighthouse shall be so removed and discontinued, and any new Lighthouse shall be erected instead thereof, Notice of such Removal and Discontinuance, and of the Erection of such new Lighthouse, shall be published by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, Three several Times in the London Gazette, and also in Two or more of the principal Papers circulated in Edinburgh, in case such new Lighthouse shall be erected on the Coast of Scotland, and in Two or more of the principal Papers circulated in Lublin, in case such new Lighthouse shall be erected on the Coast of Ireland.

LX. And whereas it sometimes happens that the said Master,

4 Wardens, and Assistants find it desirable, in order to the more convenient Maintenance of their Lighthouses and Lights, to ' possess a small additional Quantity of Ground adjoining their Lighthouses, and it is usual for them in such Cases to purchase the same, but Difficulty has been occasionally experienced in effecting such Purchases be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Master,

Wardens,

6° & 7° GUL1JELMI IV.

471

C. 7t>.

Wardens, and Assistants, from Time to Time whenever they shall see fit, to take so much and such Quantity of Ground adjoining or near to any of the Lighthouses erected or to be erected by them as they shall deem necessary for the Purposes of the said Lighthouse or the Occupation thereof, not exceeding in the whole One Acre as to any One Lighthouse; and all and every the Powers of Purchase and Sale in and by this Act conferred in reference to Lighthouses authorized to be purchased by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall be deemed to extend to every such Piece of Ground so to be taken by them under the Authority of this Act; and all and every the Provisions in this Act contained, in reference to the Purchase of Lighthouses, or to the Adjustment or Assessment and Payment or Investment of the Purchase Money for the same, shall be deemed to extend also to the Purchase of any such Piece of Ground as aforesaid, and to the Adjustment or Assessment and Payment or Investment of the Purchase Money for the same: Provided always, that in case any such Lighthouse, ih respect of which the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall take any Land or Ground to be held therewith under the Powers of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter be abandoned or given up by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or for the Space of Three Years shall cease to be used or employed as a Lighthouse, or in case the said Land shall be otherwise used than for the Purposes of the said Lighthouse or the Occupation thereof, then and in every such Case any Land or Ground which shall have been so taken by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall vest in the Person or Persons who was or were Proprietor or Proprietors thereof at the Time of the Purchase by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, on the Repayment of the Purchase Money thereof, according to the Nature of his or their Estate or Interest in such Land or Ground at the Time of the Purchase, or the Person or Persons who would have been or become entitled to the said Land or Ground in case such Purchase had not been made.

LXI. And whereas it sometimes happens that Fires and Lights are burnt at or caused by Kilns, Factories, or other Works situate on the Coasts of the United Kingdom, so as to be mistaken at Sea for Lighthouses, whereby Vessels navigating along or near to the said Coasts are exposed to much Peril, and it is expedient that a sure and speedy Remedy be provided for such Inconveniencebe it therefore further enacted, That if any Fire or Light shall at any Time hereafter be burnt at or caused by any Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work, in such Manner and Form, or at such Times, or in such Place on or near to any Part of the Coasts of the United Kingdom, as to be subject and liable to be mistaken at Sea for any Lighthouse on or near to any Part of such Coasts for the Protection and Guidance of Vessels, and the Owner or other Person having the Care or Management of such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work, shall not, within a reasonable Time after Notice to that Effect shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work, by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, as the Case may be, (such reasonable Time

Such Ground to revest in the former Owner if it cease to be used for the Purposes of the Lighthouse.

Power to prevent Fires, &c. on the Coast, which might be mistaken for Sea Marks.

C.TO.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

to be specified in such Notice,) take effectual Means in order to prevent the Fire or Light burnt at or caused by the same from being so as aforesaid mistaken at Sea for any such Lighthouse, every such Owner or other Person so having the Care or Management of such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work so making Default as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of a common Nuisance, and, over and besides all other Pains and Penalties by Law inflicted upon Persons guilty of a common Nuisance, shall be subject to a Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be levied and recovered in a summary Way before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein or next whereunto such Kiln, or Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work shall be situate* upon Complaint to him or them in that Behalf by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, or One of their Agents; and such Penalty (unless forthwith paid) shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, under the Warrant of such Justice or Justices, of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall be adjudged guilty of such Nuisance, and shall go and be applied (after first defraying thereout the reasonable Costs and Charges of recovering the same) to or for the Use of the Parish or Union where such Offence shall have been committed or such Default made, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rate of such Parish or Union; and if the Owner or other Person having the Care or Management of such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work shall still fail or neglect to abate such Nuisance for and during the Space of Seven Days next after such Penalty shall have been adjudged by or before such Justice or Justices, then it shall be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, as the Case may be, their Agents or Workmen, thereupon forthwith to enter upon such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work, or the Land whereon or near whereto the same may be situated, and, at the Expence of such Owner or other Person, to abate the said Nuisance, or take such other convenient Measures in regard thereto as to them shall seem meet, in order to prevent the Fire or Light from Time to Time burnt at or produced by such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work from being so mistaken for any Lighthouse (the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, and their Agents and Workmen aforesaid, doing no unnecessary Damage to the Owner or Occupier of such Kiln, Faotory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work); and the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation respectively, shall and may recover the Expence of so abating such Nuisance, or of such other Measures so by them taken in regard thereto under the Authority of this Act (with Treble Costs of Suit) , in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, by Action of Debt or on the Case, against any One or more of such Owners, or against the Person having the Care or Management of such Kiln, Factory, Furnace, Forge, Chimney, Building, or other Work; and no Conviction, Order, Direction, or Warrant made or purporting to be made by virtue of this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 79.

473

otherwise into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or into the Court of Session in Scotland.

LXIL. And be it enacted, That the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners and Corporation respectively, shall within One Month after the meeting of Parliament in every Year lay before each House of Parliament a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall have been received and applied by them respectively for any such Tolls in respect of any Lighthouse, together with a Report of the principal Alterations and Improvements (if any) that shall have been made by them respectively in any Lighthouse in the course of the then last past Year.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Commissioners or Corporation, or any other Person, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Action may plead generally that the Matters complained of in and by such Suit or Action were done by the Authority of this Act of Parliament, and may give the special Matters in Evidence.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That in the Provisions of this Act which relate to the Purchase or vesting of Lighthouses, and to the Application of the Purchase Money thereof, the Word Lighthouse shall be construed to include (as the Case may be) Lighthouse, Light, or Sea Mark, and au Lands, Buildings, Fixtures, Apparatus, and Furniture belonging thereto and occupied therewith, and all Tolls or Duties or other Profits or Produce arising in respect of such Lighthouse, Light, or Sea Mark, or its Appurtenances, and any Estate or Interest therein, and Rent, Rent-charge, Annuity, Payment, or Incumbrance issuing thereout or charged thereon; and the Words "Purchase Money" shall include Compensation as well as Purchase Money, and whether ascertained by Agreement between the Master, Wardens, and Assistants and the Party interested, or by Assessment by a Jury; and the Word M Payment " shall include all Rents, Rent-charges, Annuities, or Sums of Money payable; and the Word " Sheriff" shall include Under Sheriff or other legally competent Deputy; and the Word " Precept " shall include " Warrant; and the Word " Person " shall include Bodies Politic or Corporate; and in all other Parts of this Act the Word "Lighthouse" shall include Lighthouses, Lights, Sea Marks, Floating Lights, Beacons, Buoys, and other Marks or Signs for the Sea; and the Word " Tolls " shall in every Part of this Act include every Species of Duty or Payment payable by the Owners or Masters of Ships and Vessels in respect of a Lighthouse, Floating Light, Sea Mark, Buoy, or Beacon; and the Word " Vessel " shall include " Ship;" and the Expression " Officer of the Customs " shall include Collector, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or any other Officer of Customs of His Majesty, or his Deputy or Clerk; and the Expression " His Majesty " shall include the Heirs and Successors of His Majesty; and the Expression " His Majesty in Council" shall mean His Majesty acting by and with the Advice of His Most Honourable Privy Council; and the Term " Lord High Treasurer" shall mean also the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, while

that

Accounts to be laid before Parliament yearly.

General Plea for Matters done in pursuance of this Act.

Interpretation

Clause.

CW4 <3.70, 80. 6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S&

that Office is performed by Commission; and the Word " Commissioners" shall mean Commissioners of the Northern Lighthouses; and the Word " Corporation" shall mean Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin; and the Word "England" shall mean England and the Principality of Wales; and the Word " County" shall mean any Riding or other like Division of a County; and in describing any Persons or Things any Word importing the Plural Number shall mean also one Person or Thing* and any Word importing the Singular Number shall include several Persons or Things; and any Word importing the Masculine shall include also the Feminine Gender; unless in any of such Cases there shall be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

Public Act

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and othero.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers. Skerries.

Spurn Point.

Tinmouth Castle.

Smalls.

Lo nosh i ps.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting an Aid by a Land Tax and for continuing the Duties on Personal Estates* Offices, and Pensions.

[13th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

7 & 8 G.4. c. 75. ' Fourth, intituled An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying

1 into execution several Acts granting an Aid to His Majesty by a ' Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain and continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions 1 in England: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth 9 G. 4. c. 38. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for

rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners* 1 and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying ' such Persons as have acted without due Authority in execution ' of the Acts therein recited: And whereas another Act was passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 127. Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for appointing additional Commissioners to put in execution the Acts for granting 1 an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax and continuing the Duties 1 on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions: And whereas another i Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of 8 & 4 W. 4. c. 95. ' His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to appoint additional 1 Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting an Aid by a 6 Land Tax and for continuing the Duties on Personal Estates* i Offices, and Pensions: And whereas it is expedient to appoint

additional Persons to put in execution the several Acts for ' granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain

1 and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 80, 81.

475

1 and for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Personal ' Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein-after named shall and may and are hereby empowered and authorized (being duly qualified) to put in execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain herein-after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth; that is to say,

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England, Scotland, and Wales.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the said several recited Acts, and in any other Act in force, in relation to any Acts, Matters, and Things to be done by Commissioners of Land Tax, shall extend to this Act and to the Commissioners named therein, and shall be construed therewith, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof.

Appointment of additional Commissioners.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act.

---

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations made with any Foreign Power or State for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the Two Houses of Parliament have, by their Addresses of June the Sixth One thousand eight hundred and six, June the Twenty-seventh One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, July the Ninth One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, July the Seventh One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and May the Ninth One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, requested His Majesty to conclude Treaties for the effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade: And whereas His Majesty is at the present Time engaged in Negotiation with certain Foreign Powers for the Purpose of concluding such Treaties with them: And whereas it may happen that some such Treaties may be concluded during the Time that Parliament is not sitting: And whereas in such Case Delay would take place in carrying into execution the Stipulations of such Treaties, and much Crime might be perpetrated during the Interval that might elapse between the Ratification of such Treaties and the Time when

---

6 Parliament

C. 81. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

His Majesty may, by Oiders in Council, carry into immediate Execution all Treaties, Conventions, and Stipulations made with any Foreign Power or State for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, and such Orders shall have the Effect of Acts of Parliament.

Parliament might pass Acts authorizing the Crown to carry the same into execution: And whereas it would materially tend to ' further the Accomplishment of the Objects which the Two Houses of Parliament had in view when they addressed His Majesty as

aforesaid if the Crown were to be empowered to carry such

Treaties into immediate Execution Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders in Council, to direct that such Treaties or Conventions and all Stipulations contained therein, and also all additional Stipulations to any former Treatiesjor Conventions which His Majesty may have concluded or may hereafter conclude with any Foreign Power or State, for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade, shall be carried into immediate Execution, and for that Purpose to declare and direct in such Orders of Council that all Searches, Examinations, Detentions, Seizures, Condemnations, and Sales of Ships or Vessels detained, seized, or captured for any Violas tions of the Provision of any such Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations, shall be legal; and also by any such Order or Orders in Council to establish Tribunals for the trying and deciding all Questions which may arise under such Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations, and for the Condemnation of any such Vessels as aforesaid, and for punishing the Violation of any such Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations, and for adjudging and enforcing the Payment of any Penalties for any such Violation, or to authorize any Tribunals which may have been heretofore established to act in relation to the enforcing such Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations aforesaid, and also to authorize the Payment of such Bounties as are allowed in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for the Suppression of the Slave Trade to the Persons detaining, seizing, or capturing any such Vessels; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any such Order or Orders in Council, to declare that all Clauses and Provisions, Powers and Authorities contained in, and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by, any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for the carrying into execution or giving effect to any Treaty, Convention, or Stipulation heretofore made with any Foreign Power or State, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, as shall be specified or referred to in any such Order or Orders in Council, shall be applied and put in force for the Purpose of carrying into immediate Execution any such Treaty, Convention, or additional Stipulation first above mentioned; and upon the issuing of any such Order or Orders in Council all the Directions, Powers, and Authorities contained therein, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures referred to in any such Order or Orders, and contained in any such Act or Acts of Parliament aforesaid, shall have the same and like Force and Effect, and all Acts, Matters, and Things done under the Authority thereof, and all Acts and Judgments of any Tribunals under the same, shall be valid]) and effectual as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been enacted in an Act of Parliament.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7P GULIELMI IV. C. 81, 82.

vn

II. And be it farther enacted, That this Act, and all Orders Continuance of in Council issued under the Authority thereof, shall continue in Act* force until the Expiration of Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to carry into further Execution an Act for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for completing the full Payment of such Compensation.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Slavery S&4W. 4. C. 7S. 4 throughout the British Colonies, for promoting the Industry of the manumitted Slaves, and for compensating the Persons hitherto entitled to the Services of such Slaves; and the Sum of Twenty Million Pounds Sterling was authorized to be raised by the said recited Act for the Purposes of the said Act; and Part thereof has been accordingly raised, and applied to the Payment of the several Persons entitled to Slave Compensation in certain of the Colonies mentioned in the said recited Act; and other Part of 5 W. 4.«. 45.

the said Sum of Twenty Millions has been provided for by the Creation of certain Capital Stock, in satisfaction of the several Claims to such Compensation by the Persons entitled thereto in the Colony of Barbadoes, in lieu of paying the same in Money;

andit is expedient to make Provision for paying and satisfying the Balance remaining due upon the said Sum of Twenty Millions Be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Surplus Re-the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Three venue may be or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of lssue^ the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Warrant under their Hands, to order and direct, from Time to Time and ment of Slave at any Time, until the whole of the said Sum of Twenty Millions Compensation shall be paid and satisfied, the issuing, out of the growing Produce Monies, of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, during the Quarter immediately ensuing the Day to which the annual Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the said United Kingdom shall be made up (commencing with the annual Account made up to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six) , the Whole or any Part of the One Fourth Part of the Sum which by every such annual Account shall appear to be the surplus Revenue of the said United Kingdom beyond the annual Expenditure thereout, which shall be required from Time to Time for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Sum stated 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 7S. in every such Warrant shall be forthwith issued out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Account standing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England under the

Title

478.

C. 82.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Rate of Interest to be allowed to Persons at the Cape of Good Hope and at the Mauritius *

Creation of Stock towards providing for Payment of Slave Compen-

Title of the " West India Compensation Account"; which said Monies shall be applied by the said Commissioners, in common with the Monies standing at any Time on the said Account, to the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act.

II. And whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act that the ' said Act should come into operation in the Colonies of the Cape

of Good Hope and the Mauritius at Periods more remote than ' in certain other Colonies mentioned in the said Act by the following Intervals of Time; (videlicet,) by Four Calendar Months ' in the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, and by Six Calendar (Months in the Colony of the Mauritius; be it therefore enacted, That the Interest upon the several Sums of Money awarded to Persons entitled to Slave Compensation in the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope shall be after the Rate of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum per Annum from the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four exclusive to the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five inclusive, and after the Rate of Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum per Annum from the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five up to and including the Day of the Payment of the Principal Sum awarded, if the Payment of Award shall be made in Money, or up to and including the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six if Payment of the Sum so awarded shall be made in Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities, herein-after mentioned, from which last-mentioned Day the Interest or Dividend upon the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities herein-after mentioned will commence; and in respect of the Colony of the Mauritius the Interest upon the several Sums of Money awarded to Persons entitled to Slave Compensation in the said Colony shall be after the Rate of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum per Annum from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five exclusive to the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six inclusive, and after the Rate of Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum per Annum from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six up to and including the Day of the Payment of the Principal Sum awarded, if the Payment of the Award shall be made in Money, or up to and including the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six if Payment of the Sum awarded shall be made in Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities, from which last-mentioned Day the Interest or Dividend upon the said Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities will commence; and that all such Interest as may have been paid and allowed on such Claims by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under any Directions given by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury previously to the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby confirmed.

III. And whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the i Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King 1 William the Fourth, that no Part of the said Sum of Twenty

Millions of Pounds Sterling shall be applied or shall be applicable

6 to

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 8&* f79I

to the Purposes aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Person now sation to Per-c entitled to the Services of any Slave in any [of the Colonies 80118 at the CaPe ' therein mentioned, unless an Order shall have been first made by *.ope *

His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, declaring the'virgin ' that adequate and satisfactory Provision hath been made by Law islands.

1 in such Colony for giving Effect to the said Act by such further ' and supplementary Enactments as are therein referred to, nor ' unless a Copy of such Order in Council, duly certified by One of the Clerks in Ordinary of His Majesty's Privy Council, shall,

by the Lord President of the Council, have been transmitted to ' the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or to the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for their or his ' Guidance or Information: And whereas no Order of the King ' in Council has been made declaring that adequate and satisfactory Provision hath been made by Law in the Virgin Island* for giving Effect to the said recited Act by such further and supplementary Enactments as are specified in the said recited Act, and ' no Payment of Compensation for Slaves in the said Islands hath yet been made, and it is further expedient that Provision should ' be made for the Payment of Compensation awarded in the said Islands, or in the said Colonies of the Cape of Good Hope and Mauritius, or any Portions thereof, either in Money or in Three ' Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Reduced Annuities: And whereas the Sums apportioned for Slave Compensation to the ' several Persons entitled thereto in the said Colonies of the ' Cape of Good Hope, the Mauritius, and the Virgin Islands,

amount together to the Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred and seventy-four Pounds and

One Penny; be it therefore enacted, That, towards providing for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Compensation as aforesaid, there shall be, immediately after the passing of this Act, written in and placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the said Bank of England^ by the Accountant General for the Time being of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, in a new and separate Account under the Title of "The Slave Compensation Account," the Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten-pence of Capital of Reduced Annuities, bearing Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, such Capital in the said Annuities being equivalent to the Sum of Three million four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred and seventy-four Pounds and One Penny Sterling, estimating the Price of such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities after the Rate of Ninety-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of such Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum [Annuities (such Price being the Average Price of the existing Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities on the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, being the Day on which the Certificates of Award did commence to be issued for the said Colony of the Mauritius) , which Capital Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds Eleven Shillings and

Ten-pence

480

C. 82.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Stock may be transferred or Payment made to Claimants at Cape of Good Hope, or Mauritius or Virgin Islands.

Slave Compensation Monies in respect of litigated Claims may be transferred to the Accountant General of Chancery.

Ten-pence shall be added to and consolidated with, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of, and be subject to all the Conditions attending the Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, forming Part of the Public Debt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be assignable and transferable and redeemable accordingly; and the Dividends and Charges of Management arising upon the said Capital Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten-pence Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities shall be chargeable and the same are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the first half-yearly Payment whereof shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six exclusive; and so much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities to be created in respect of the said Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred and seventy-four Pounds and One Penny Sterling, together with the Charges attending the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Application to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Payment of any Sum which shall hereafter be awarded to any Person or Persons, Owners of Slaves in the said Colonies of the Cape of Good Hope or the Mauritius or the Virgin Islands, for Slave Compensation under the Provisions of the said Act, the said Commissioners shall, at the Option and under the Directions of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, pay the same in Money out of the said " West India Compensation Account," or transfer or cause to be transferred from the said Account intituled The Slave Compensation Account," to the Person or Persons entitled to such Slave Compensation, such a proportionate Amount of the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities, in satisfaction of the Sum awarded to such Person or Persons, as the whole Sum of Three millions four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred and seventy-four Pounds and One Penny Sterling shall bear to the whole Capital of the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this Act.

V. And whereas the Claims for Slave Compensation of some 1 of the Persons in the said Colonies of the Cape of Good Hope and the Mauritius, and also Claims in other Colonies mentioned in the said recited Act, may become the Subject of counter Claim or Litigation before the said Commissioners of Arbitration,

or in the Courts of the said Colonies, or in any Court of Appeal,

andit is expedient that Power should be given to transfer the Amount of such litigated Claims to the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to abide the final Settlement of such Claim; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful

fOF

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 82.

481

for any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to direct the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt from Time to Time to transfer or cause to be transferred into the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery at the Bank of England such Portion or Portions of the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities standing to the Credit of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the said Bank of England under the Title of "The Slave Compensation Account " as shall appertain to any Claim which may from Time to Time be certified by the said Commissioners of Arbitration to be the Subject of any counter Claim before them, or of any Suits in the Courts of any of the said Colonies mentioned in the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any Court of Appeal, and also to direct the Payment to the Account of the said Accountant General at the Bank of England, by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Amount of any Interest that may have accrued and become due upon any such Claims up to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, from which Time the Interest on the said Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Reduced Annuities is to commence and be payable, and it shall be lawful for the said Accountant General to invest the Amount of any such Interest in the like Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Reduced Annuities, and also to invest therein the future half-yearly Dividends arising from such Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities as the same shall arise and become due; and all such Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities so transferred to or purchased by the said Accountant General may be held by him in the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England in Trust for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, and shall be liable to such and the like Provisions in respect to the Sale and Payment of the Proceeds thereof, or to the Transfer thereof, by the said Accountant General, so far as regards the Claims to Slave Compensation arising in any of the said Colonies, as the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities are subject and liable tp in respect of litigated Claims referred to in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to carry into further Execution the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty, for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, or in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into further Execution Two Acts of His present Majesty relating to the Compensation far Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for facilitating the Distribution and Payment of such Compensation.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery shall be and he is hereby indemnified and saved harmless from all or any Suit or Action at Law or in Equity for any Act to be done or performed by him in carrying into execution the Provisions of this Act, or in acting under the same, and shall not be held or taken to be responsible for or 6 & 7 Gul.IV. Ii liable

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 45.

6 W. 4. c. 5.

Indemnification to Accountant General of Court of Chancery.

C. 82, 83.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Accountant General may appoint a Deputy, whose Acts shall be valid.

If any Stock remaining after Claims are satisfied it may be cancelled.

Poweis in recited Acts to apply to this Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

liable to make good any Payment of Money or Transfer of Bank Annuities erroneously made by him, unless the same shall have been occasioned by the wilful Default or Negligence of the said Accountant General.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to do and perform all or any of the Acts and Duties imposed upon the said Accountant General by this Act; and that the Acts of the said Deputy shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done by the Accountant General himself.

VIII. And whereas there will be a Portion of the Reduced i Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, created for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, left standing in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, after satisfying the several Claims for Slave c Compensation in the said Colonies, and also by reason of the ' Awards for Slave Compensation being in many Instances paid ' in Money, and not in Reduced Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to order and direct the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to cancel all such Portions of Stock, and thereupon the Dividends or Interest which would have been payable on the Reduced Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities so cancelled shall thenceforward cease to be charged upon or issued out of the said Consolidated Fund; and the accrued Dividends which may have been issued upon any such Stock previously to the cancelling of such Stock shall be paid by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be carried to and form Part of the Income of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts passed in the Third and Fourth, Fifth and Sixth, and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, so far as the same may be applicable, apply to this Act in the same Manner as if they had been severally re-enacted herein.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the Regulation of the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

54 G. 3. c. 83. ' intituled An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts

(and Issues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due 6 Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public AccountantSy in Ireland: And whereas an Act was passed in the

Fifty-

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 83.

483

Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled ' An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public 56 G. 3. c. 98. 4 Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the ' Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the 57 G. s. c. 84. 4 Offices of His Majesty's Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the more effectual Regulation of certain 3 G. 4. c. 56.

4 Offices relating to the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland: And whereas, with a view to the Advantage of the Public Service, it is expedient that the Receipt and Issue of all the Monies forming the Public Revenues of the United Kingdom should be placed under the Control and Superintendence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and further and more effectual Regulations are therefore necessary in respect of the Issue of the Public Monies in Ireland, and also in respect of the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasury may Lord High Treasurer, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's reduce or con-Treasury, for the Time being, or for any Three or more of them, oS£?of Vice to reduce or consolidate the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller Treasurer and of the Exchequer in Ireland, and from Time to Time to make such Teller of the Orders, Rules, and Regulations in regard to the Receipt and Issue Exchequer in of the Public Monies into and from the Receipt of His Majesty's Ireland, and Exchequer in Ireland, and also for the Discharge of the Duties of for the said Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in oftoe^utieT of Ireland, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the same.

His Majesty's Treasury shall seem proper; and all such Orders,

Rules, and Regulations shall be of full Force and Validity in all respects, ar ing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstan

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Orders, Rules, The Rules or Regulations which may be issued by the said Lord High Trea- ed under surer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury under the iVd before*P Authority of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parlia- foment, ment within Six Weeks after the Issue of such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, if Parliament shall be sitting, or if not sitting, then within Six Weeks next immediately after the re-assembling of Parliament.

r

I i l2

484

C*84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland, and to incorporate certain detached Portions of Counties and Baronies with those Counties and Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin, or wherein the same are locally situate.

[I7th August 1836.]

Acts an<l Parts of Acts repealed:

7 G. 4. c. 62.

1 & 2 W. 4. C. 51.

2 ASW.4. c. 73.

.and Part of 4 & 5 W. 4. C. 55.

except as they repeal other Acts.

[Proviso.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Acts for the ' uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland, in ' order that the Provisions thereof may be amended and consolidated Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, save as herein-after excepted, the following Acts and Parts of Acts be repealed; (that is to say,) an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the severed Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes, and Divisions respectively; an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon the same; an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland; so much of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts made respectively in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Mogesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland; and to provide for the more effectual Levy of Grand Jury Cess, as relates to the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland; and the said several Acts and Parts of Acts are hereby repealed, save so far as they repeal any other Act or Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts, Mutters, and Things heretofore done under the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, hereby repealed, shall be and remain valid and effectual to all Purposes whatsoever; and that any Valuation made or in progress under the Provisions of the said Acts shall be deemed and taken to be a Valuation made by Authority of this Act; and that all Proceedings

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.-

C.B4.

485

had or taken in or towards making the Valuation prescribed by the said Acts shall enure to the Purposes of the Valuation prescribed by this Act, and be taken to be good, valid, and effectual as if done for the Purpose of the Valuation prescribed by this Act and under the Authority hereof, subject nevertheless to the Provision hereinafter contained for the Amendment of the Valuation made or in progress under Authority of the said recited Acts.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner of Valuation and other Persons heretofore appointed or acting under the said recited Acts, or any of them, in any County, shall and he and they are hereby authorized and required, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, to continue to discharge and execute their several Duties and Offices, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution, without any further or other Appointment thereto, until the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall otherwise direct

III. And be it enacted, That whenever the Survey of any County or of any Barony of a County liable to be separately assessed to raise and pay any Proportion of County Cess Charges and Grand Jury Rates, now and heretofore in progress, shall have been made and completed under the Direction of the Officers appointed by the Master General and Board of Ordnance, a Map or Plan of such Barony shall be transmitted by some such Officer to the Chief Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant, from Time to Time when and as any such Survey shall have been or shall be made and completed, or when and as any such Map or Plan shall be required by such Chief Secretary to be transmitted as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at any Time after the Receipt of any such Map or Plan it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant to nominate and appoint one fit and proper Person to be Commissioner for the several Counties in Ireland, to be called the Commissioner of Valuation for such Counties, who shall hold such Office during the Will and Pleasure of the said Lord Lieutenant, and who shall repair to any County, and make a Valuation of the Houses and Lands within every Barony, Parish, or other Division in such County of which any such Map or Plan shall have been made and delivered as aforesaid, and shall proceed in such Valuation at such Times and in such Manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant shall order, direct, and appoint; and the said Chief Secretary shall notify or cause to be notified in Writing to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of every such County the Appointment of such Commissioner of Valuation, and such Secretary shall lay such Notification before the Grand Jury of such County at the next ensuing Assizes.

V. And be it further enacted, That at the next ensuing Assizes after the Receipt of the Notification of the Appointment of such Commissioner of Valuation (or at any succeeding Assizes, if need be) , the Grand Jury of such County shall nominate and appoint Committees for the several Baronies within every such County respectively, each consisting of not less than Three nor more than Five of such Grand Jurors or Persons who have served upon Grand Juries, together with any Number of Magistrates, not more than Five, resident within such County, each to be called a Committee of Appeal on Valuations for the Barony or Baronies to

I i 3 be

Officers under recited Acts to discharge their Duties till otherwise directed.

When a Surrey of any Barony, See. completed, a Map to be sent to Chief Secretary.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint a Commissioner to value the Baronies, &c. so surveyed; Appointment to be notified to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Grand Juries at Assizes shall appoint Committees of Appeal for each Barony, and a general Committee of Revision for the County.

486

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Ixird Lieutenant may appoint Assessors to such Committees:

Decisions of Questions by Committees.

Commissioner shall appoint Valuators.

Lord Lieutenant may give Orders as to Conduct of Officers.

be Darned and appropriated to each Committee; and every such Committee shall sit and meet within the Barony or Baronies for which such Committee shall be appointed, at such Times as shall be required for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act; and such Grand Jury shall also in like Manner nominate and appoint one general Committee, to consist of not less than Seven nor more than Twelve Persons who have served on Grand Juries or who are Magistrates resident within such Counties, to be called a Committee of Revision of Valuations for the County; and such Committee shall sit and act under the Directions of this Act; and when it shall happen that any such Committee of Appeal or Committee of Revision respectively shall not have assembled, or shall not have received Notice to assemble, at any Time previous to the Assizes next ensuing such their Appointment respectively, the Grand Jury at such next ensuing Assizes shall nominate and appoint a Committee or Committees of Appeal and a Committee of Revision, as the Case shall require, either by Re-appointment of the former Members or any of them, or by the Appointment of any other Person or Persons, to be Members of such Committees respectively; and the Appointment of such Committee shall be made, and Lists thereof respectively shall be* delivered by such Grand Jury to the Court, before any Presentment for any Road or Bridge shall be hated by the Judge at any such Assizes.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant, on the Application of any such Commissioner, or when it shall seem expedient to him so to do, to appoint any practising Barrister to be an Assessor to any such Committee* either to assist such Commissioner, or in the Place and instead of such Commissioner; and such Commissioner, or in his Absence such Assessor, shall attend and act as Chairman of such Committee of Appeal or Revision; and such Committee so constituted shall decide on all Questions which shall come before them by a Plurality of Voices; and in case any such Committee shall be equally divided, the Commissioner of Valuation, or in his Absence the Assessor, being such Chairman, shall have the casting Voice.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Valuation who shall be appointed under this Act to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, conversant and professionally employed in surveying and valuing Land and Houses, or in Cases of Towns in valuing of Houses only, to be Valuators, and to remove all or any such Valuators from Time to Time, and to nominate any other Person or Persons to be a Valuator or Valuators in the Place and Stead of the Person so removed; and previously to the Appointment of any Person to be a Valuator such Commissioner shall, in company with such Person, perambulate the Whole or any Part of a Barony, in order fully to ascertain his Competence for acting as such Valuator.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant to give such Orders, Instructions, and Directions for the Conduct of the said Commissioner or Commissioners and Valuators respectively, and for the Employment of such Clerks or other Persons, in the Discharge of their several Duties under this Act, as to such Lord Lieutenant shall from

7 Time

A.D. 1836. 6° & 76 GULIELMI IV. C. 84. 487

Time to Time seem fitting and expedient for the due Execution' of this Act

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Valuation of all Lands Avenge* at

for the Purposes of this Act shall be made with reference to the ^hicha^' Average Prices as herein-after specified of the several Articles T^t

following; (that is to say,)

Wheat at the general Average Price of Ten Shillings per Hun-a dred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Oats at the general Average Price of Six Shillings per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Barley at the general Average Price of Seven Shillings per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Potatoes at the general Average Price of One Shilling and Seven-pence per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Butter at the general Average Price of Sixty-nine Shillings per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Beef at the general Average Price of Thirty-three Shillings per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Mutton 'at the general Average Price of Thirty-four Shillings and Sixpence per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds:

Pork at the general Average Price of Twenty-five Shillings and Sixpence per Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act all Valuation of Houses comprised in the Valuation hereby directed to be made Houses, shall be valued at the Sum or Rent for which each such House

could be let by the Year, deducting therefrom One Third Part of such Sum or Kent: Provided always, that no House for which a greater Sum or Rent by the Year than Five Pounds could not be obtained shall be included in the said Valuation.

XI. And whereas in the Valuation heretofore made under the Lord Lieu-

Authority of the several Acts hereby repealed, Houses of an tenant "y diannual Value exceeding Three Pounds have been included, and

it is expedient that such Valuation should be amended in that

respect be it therefore enacted, That the said Lord Lieutenant Value to be shall and may, when he shall so think fit, authorize and direct the erased from Commissioner of Valuation by whom any such Valuation may have Li*8* &c. been made to deduct and erase from the several Maps, Field Books, and Lists all Houses which shall therein appear to be of an annual Value not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Maps, Field Books, and Lists so amended shall be of the like Validity and Effect as the same now are, and as if such Houses had never been included therein: Provided always, that no Levy nor Assessment made previous to such Amendment shall be impeached by reason of Houses of an annual Value not exceeding Five Pounds having been included in the Valuation with reference whereunto such Levy or Assessment may have been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Outbuildings, Barns, Outbuildings, Stables, Warehouses, Yards, and Offices belonging or contiguous &c. to be valued to any House, and occupied therewith by one and the same Person with House, or by the same Persons, or his or their Servants, as one entire

1 i 4 Concern

488

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6

Effective Wtttfet Power of All Mills to be valued

Commissioner Of Valuation shall distinguish all Houses, &c. which shall be exempted from Applotment,

&c.

Exemptions from Applotment.

Who to determine Exemptions.

High Constables, &c. to make Returns to Commissioner of Valuation respecting Exemptions.

Concern or undivided Tenancy or Holding, shall be valued together with such House, and be deemed and taken to be Parcel thereof!

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Flour, Corn, Flax, or other Mills, or Buildings erected for manufacturing or other Purposes, shall be included in such Valuation; provided that the Water Power of any such Mill or Manufactory be only valued so far as it may be actually used, and that such Valuation shall not extend to or include the Value of any Machinery contained within such Mill or Manufactory.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in making out the Lists or Tables of Valuation herein-after mentioned of the several Parishes within' each Barony, and of the Townlands or other Sub-denominations or Divisions of Land within every such Parish, as herein-after specified, the Commissioner of Valuation shall distinguish all Houses, Lands, or Tenements of a public Nature or used for charitable Purposes, and the Value of the same shall be deducted from the gross Amount of the Valuation of the Houses, Lands, and Tenements comprised in each such List or Table; and all such Houses, Lands, or Tenements so distinguished and deducted shall be exempt from Applotment or Assessment for or towards all County Cess Charges and Parish Rates whatsoever so long as they shall continue to be of a public Nature or used for charitable Purposes; and the Lists, Tables, or Valuations so reduced shall be and be deemed to be the Lists, Tables, or Valuations whereby all Grand Jury and Parish Rates shall be assessed and levied as herein-after provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Houses, Lands, or Tenements shall be deemed to be of a public Nature or used for charitable Purposes within the Meaning of this Act unless such Houses, Lands, or Tenements shall be altogether of a public Nature or used exclusively for charitable Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that the Committee of Appeal and Committee of Revision respectively in each County shall, as herein-after provided, have Power and Authority to consider and determine the Justice and Propriety of all such Exemptions, and to make Order allowing or disallowing the same accordingly.

XVI. And in order to ascertain the Houses, Lands, and Tenements exempt from Assessment as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the several High Constables or other Collectors of County Cess in every County shall, with all convenient Speed after the same shall have been demanded of them, make out and deliver to the Commissioner of Valuation for such County *a Return of the several Houses, Lands, and Tenements which are altogether of a public Nature or used exclusively for charitable Purposes within their respective Districts of Collection; and such Return shall specify the Tenancy and Occupation in which each of such Houses, Lands, or Tenements may be or have been held, and the Use or Purpose to which applied, and shall describe the Situation thereof as fully and accurately as may be possible; and in case any High Constable or Collector shall neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, or make the same in an improper or insufficient Manner, it shall not be lawful to or for the Grand Jury of the County for which he may act to present any Fee or Salary

A.D. 1836. 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84*.

489

for such High Constable or other Collector at the Assizes next ensuing such Neglect or Default

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioner appointed or continued under this Act and for any Valuator or Valuators appointed under this Act from Time to Time to enter into and upon any Land or House for the Purpose of making and carrying on any Valuation authorized by this Act: Provided always, that in every Case in which it shall be necessary for any such Commissioner or Valuator to enter any House, or any walled Garden or Orchard or Pleasure Ground, and when the Owner or Occupier thereof may oppose or refuse to allow such Entry, such Commissioner or Valuator shall give Three Days Notice to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure Ground, requiring to be permitted to enter the same; and at any reasonable Time after the Delivery of such Notice it shall be lawful to make such Entry; such Commissioner and Valuators doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them granted by this Act, and making reasonable Satisfaction (if required) to the Owners of and other Persons interested in any such Houses, Lands, Gardens, Orchards, or Pleasure Grounds which shall or may be any way hurt or damnified in or by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify such Commissioner and Valuators and all Persons acting in aid or under the Orders of any of them in the Execution of this Act

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Valuator shall enter the Particulars of the Valuation of each and every Parish, and of each and every Townland within the same, when and as each such Valuation shall be completed, in a separate and distinct Field Book, to be appropriated to each and every such Parish respectively, and to be distinguished and entitled as the Survey and Field Book of each such particular Parish respectively, distinguishing the Barony in which such Parish shall be situate, and also distinguishing the several Townlands within such Parish, and the Value of each thereof respectively; and such Valuators shall sign every such Book with their several Names, in their several and respective Handwritings, with the Date of completing such Valuation; and such Valuators shall transmit or deliver every such Field Book of every such Parish, so signed, to the Commissioner of Valuation for the County in which every such Parish shall be situate.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the Valuation of all the Parishes within any Barony shall be completed, the Commissioner of Valuation shall prepare and make out from such Field Books as aforesaid a List or Table of the several Parishes within such Barony, and of the Townlands within every such Parish respectively, distinguishing the Number of Acres contained in every Townland within such Parish, and the total Value of the Land and Houses in every such Parish respectively, according to the Survey thereof and of the Valuation thereof made in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; and such Commissioner of Valuation shall transmit printed Copies of such List, in the Form set forth in the Schedule Number One annexed to this Act, to the High Constable or other Collector of the County

Cess

Commissioner and Valuators may enter any Land, Houses, Gardens, &c. in execution of this Act.

Valuators shall enter Valuation of each Parish in a separate Field Book, and transmit the same to the Commissioner of Valuation.

Commissioner shall make out from such Field Books a List of the Parishes, Townlands, &c., and transmit it to the High Constable, &c.

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

High Constable shall send Copies to Churchwardens of each Parish, who shall post them on Church Doors, &c.

Churchwardens shall call a Vestry to consider the Lists, and the Necessity of appealing against them.

Select Vestry shall consist of Persons having paid 20s. per Annum to County Cess, or being Justices of the Peace, or Freeholders of 201, or upward?.

Cess or Grand Jury Rate in or for the Barony, and shall at the Foot of such List specify the Day and Place appointed by such Commissioner of Valuation for the Meeting of the Committee of Appeal, and which Day shall not be sooner than Six Weeks after the Day of the Transmission of such List to such High Constable.

XX. And be it enacted, That every High Constable or Collector to whom any such List shall be transmitted as aforesaid shall transmit Copies of each such List to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden of every Parish within such Barony; and every such Churchwarden within Ten Days after the Receipt of such List shall post and affix a Copy thereof on the principal outer Door of the Church, and of any One Roman Catholic Chapel, and of any One Presbyterian Meeting House within such Parish, there to remain affixed for Two successive Sundays after the affixing thereof; and if any such Copy of any such List shall be removed from the Church or other Place where the same shall have been posted or affixed as aforesaid, or shall be destroyed or defaced at any Time within Fourteen Days after the affixing the same, the Churchwardens or Churchwarden shall post and affix, or cause to be posted and affixed, a new Copy of every such List on the Door of such Church, Chapel, or Meeting House respectively, and so from Time to Time when any such Copy shall be so destroyed or defaced.

XXI. And be it enacted, That within Ten Days next after the Receipt of the Copy of any such List as aforesaid public Notice shall be given by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden in the usual Manner of Notices given for holding Vestries in such Parish, that a Select Vestry will be holden in and for such Parish on some Day to be named in such Notice, not being less than Ten Days nor more than Fourteen Days from the Sunday on which any such List shall have been first affixed on the Door of the Church and other Place or Places of Public Worship in such Parish, for the Purpose of taking such List into consideration, and to determine on the Necessity or Propriety of appealing against such List; and such Vestry so assembled shall proceed to take such List into consideration, and may adjourn from Time to Time to any Day not more than Ten Days distant from the First Day of Meeting.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be admitted or entitled to attend or to vote at any such Select Vestry to be holden for the Purposes last aforesaid, except such Persons as are hereafter described, (that is to say,) such Persons as shall have actually paid and satisfied County Cess Charges or Grand Jury Rates for Lands or Tenements in such Parish to the Amount of Twenty Shillings within Twelve Calendar Months next preceding the Day of holding any such Vestry, and Persons who shall be Justices of the Peace, qualified to act as such within such Parish, and Persons seised respectively of Freehold Estate, situate within such Parish, of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, (not arising from a Rent-charge,) and duly registered as such under any Act or Acts in force relating to the Election of Members of Parliament in Ireland, and of which Registry such Persons shall produce a Certificate signed by the [Clerk of the Peace; and if any Person shall attend or vote, or shall claim or otter to attend or vote, at

any

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

491

any such Select Vestry, not being qualified in such Manner as is herein-before stated, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if on the First Day of the Meeting of such Vestry, or at any adjourned Meeting of such Vestry which shall be held on any Day not more than Ten Days distant from such First Day of Meeting, it shall be determined that an Appeal shall be made against any Valuation contained in such List in respect of the Valuation of the whole of such Parish as compared with any other Parish within the Barony, or if it shall appear to such Vestry that the Owners or Occupiers of the greater Portion in Extent and Value of Lands situate in any Townland within the Parish in which such Vestry shall be held shall be desirous of appealing against the Valuation of any such Townland as compared with that of any other Townland or Town-lands within the said Barony, it shall be lawful for such Vestry to direct that such Appeal shall be made by such Vestry on behalf of such Parish, or by certain Persons to be named at such Vestry on behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of Land within any such Town-land as aforesaid; and a Memorandum of the Agreement to make such Appeal, or some Minute or Entry of the same, and of the Grounds of such Appeal, shall be stated in Writing, and shall be entered in the Books of such Vestry, or in some Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman of such Vestry and Four other Persons present at such Vestry; and a Copy of the Memorandum of such Agreement and the Grounds of such Appeal shall be transmitted by the Chairman of such Vestry within Two Days after such Meeting to the Commissioner of Valuation for the County in which such Parish shall be situate, and shall be held to be sufficient Notice on the Part of such Parish or Townland of their Intention to appeal.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Select Vestry to appeal against any Valuation contained in any Table or List, or against the Formation of any Table or List prepared under Authority of this Act, on the Ground of any Houses, Lands, or Tenements having been improperly considered as of a public or charitable Nature, and distinguished or deducted from any List or Valuation accordingly, whether such Houses, Lands, or Tenements be situate in the Parish wherein such Vestry may be holden, or in any other Parish of the same Barony; and that such Appeal shall be determined upon, and a Memorandum of the Agreement so to appeal made, and like Notice thereof given, as in case of Appeal on any Ground whereupon it may be lawful to appeal by virtue of the Provisions of this Act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in any Parish or Place in which there may be no Churchwarden or Churchwardens, the High Constable shall transmit Copies of the Valuation List to some Two Landholders resident within such Parish or Division, who shall post the same in like Manner as the Churchwardens of any Parish have been herein-before required to do, and shall summon a Special Vestry to meet for the Consideration of such List, at some convenient Time and Place within such Parish or Place, and notify the Time and Place appointed for the Meeting of such Vestry by Notices to be posted in like Manner as the

If Vestry agree to appeal for the Parish or for any Townland, a Memorandum thereof and of the Grounds of Appeal shall be sent to the Commissioner of Valuation.

Appeal may be made against Exemption or Non-exemption.

How to proceed where there shall be no Churchwarden.

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Notice by Commissioner to Secretary of Grand Jury, and by Secretary of Grand Jury to Committee of Appeal, of Day and Time appointed for hearing Appeals.

Meeting of Committee of Appeal.

Field Books shall be produced before Committee of Appeal;

who may summon Witnesses;

'amine i Oath.

said Lists are herein-before directed to be posted; and the Special Vestry so summoned shall have all such Power and Authorities in respect of such Lists, and appealing against the same or any Part thereof, and shall be constituted in like Manner and subject to the like Rules and Regulations, as any Special Vestry summoned by any Churchwardens for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner of Valuation by whom such List of the Valuations of the several Parishes and Townlands in any Barony of any County shall be transmitted to the High Constable or Collector, as by this Act is required, containing such Notice of the Day and Place appointed by such Commissioner for the hearing Appeals against any Valuation specified in such List, shall, within Seven Days next after the transmitting such List to such High Constable or Collector, give and transmit Notice in Writing to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of such County of the Day and Place so appointed for the hearing of such Appeals; and such Secretary of the Grand Jury shall give Notice of the Day and Place so appointed for the hearing of such Appeals by Letters addressed to each and every of the Persons who shall have been nominated and appointed by the Grand Jury in pursuance of this Act to be the Committee of Appeal against Valuations in and for such Barony; and such Secretary of the Grand Jury shall also give Notice of such Day and Place of Meeting, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in such County, in some Publication of such Newspaper Fourteen Days at least before the Day appointed for such Meeting.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal to assemble, at the Day and Place appointed, for the hearing of all Appeals of which such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and that such Place shall be the usual Place of holding Sessions of the Peace within the Barony, unless some other Place shall be specially appointed in the Notice for the Sitting of such Committee of Appeal and for the hearing such Appeals; and it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal to adjourn from Time to Time as they shall see fitting and convenient.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner of Valuation shall produce or cause to be produced before such Committee of Appeal all or any of the Field Books which shall have been transmitted to such Commissioner from the Valuators of any Parish, in case the same shall be required by such Committee; and it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal to send their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, or under the Hand and Seal of the Commissioner of Valuation, or, in his Absence, of the Assessor to be appointed as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to attend and appear and be examined before such Committee of Appeal; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be called upon or summoned by any such Precept shall and they and he are and is hereby required and directed to attend such Committee of Appeal at such Time and Times and Place and Places as shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal, or any Member thereof, and they and he is and are hereby

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

493

authorized and empowered, to examine any such Person or Persons upon Oath (or Affirmation in the Case of Quakers) , and such Committee, or any Member thereof, (Three or more of the Members of such Committee being present,) shall and may and are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer such Oath or Affirmation to any Person or Persons respectively; and all and every such Person or Persons shall answer upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid to all Questions which shall be put to them by such Committee, or any Member thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall, uppn his, her, or their Examination before such Committee, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force and effect in Ireland Persons guilty of Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if upon the hearing of such Appeal it shall appear to such Committee of Appeal that there is any just Cause of Complaint against such Valuation, or any Part thereof, either by reason of the Disproportion of the Valuation of any Parish or Townland as compared with the Valuation of any other Parish or Townland, or by reason of the Valuation not having been made with reference to the Standards fixed for such Valuation by this Act, or on any other Account whatsoever, it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal, if they shall think fit, to alter or amend such Valuation, or if they shall consider a new Valuation to be necessary, to direct that a new Valuation shall be made of any Parish or Townland or Parishes or Town-lands contained in such Valuation, by some Valuator or Valuators, not being the same who were employed or engaged in making the Valuation appealed against; and such Committee shall order that such new Valuation shall be made and produced before such Committee on a Day to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Committee, to which Day it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal to adjourn accordingly; and at such adjourned Meeting of such Committee of Appeal it shall be lawful for the said Committee of Appeal, and they are hereby authorized and required, to compare such new Valuation with the former Valuation of the same Parish or Townland or Parishes or Townlands appearing in the Field Books made on the first Valuation thereof respectively, and to make such Alterations or Amendments in the Amount of such first Valuation, or otherwise to confirm the same, in such Manner as to such Committee of Appeal shall appear to be consistent with the Justice of the Case.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Committee of Appeal to ascertain and allow the Amount of any Costs incurred by or on behalf of any Parish in the bringing and hearing of any such Appeal; and the Amount of all such Costs so ascertained and allowed shall be assessed and applotted by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden of such Parish, either on the Inhabitants of the Whole of such Parish, or on the Inhabitants of any Townland or Townlands within such Parish in respect of which such Appeal shall have been made, and shall be levied on such Inhabitants in like Manner and in such Proportions as any Assessment or Applotment on any such Inhabitants in respect of

any

Penalty for Perjury.

Committee of Appeal may direct Re-valuation, or amend or confirm the original Valuation.

Costs by Parishes on Appeal may be ascertained by Committee, and levied as other Parish Rates.

G84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Where no Appeal Valuation

conclusive.

Decision of Committee of Appeal conclusive, if Commissioner or Assessor assent, otherwise to be subject to Review of Committee of Revision.

Committee of Appeal may in certain Cases direct a new Valuation to be made, although no Appeal shall have been lodged in respect thereof.

When the Valuation of any Barony is decided on, a List of the Parishes and other Divisions within them shall be \ published.

any Church Rates or other Parish.Charges may be assessed, ap-piotted, and levied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where no Appeal shall have been made to such Committee of Appeal against any such Valuation within the Time directed by this Act, such Valuation, as stated in the List prepared by the Commissioner of Valuation under the Directions of this Act, shall be conclusive; and that, in case of Appeal, the Decision of such Committee of Appeal shall be conclusive in all Cases where such Decision shall be concurred in and approved of by the Commissioner of Valuation, or, in his Absence, by the Assessor to be appointed as aforesaid, and sitting as Chairman of such Committee of Appeal: Provided always, that in case it shall happen that such Commissioner of Valuation or Assessor respectively, sitting as such Chairman as aforesaid, shall disagree from the Decision of such Committee of Appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioner or Assessor to submit such Decision to the Committee of Revision for such County, at the Time when the Valuation of all the Baronies within the County shall be submitted to the Review of such Committee of Revision in manner herein-after mentioned; but until the Decision of such Committee of Revision shall have been obtained, the Valuation determined on by the Majority of the Committee of Appeal shall be acted on in the same Manner as if such Appeal to the Committee of Revision had not been made by the Commissioner of Valuation or his Assessor.

XXXII. Provided, and be it enacted, That where an Appeal shall have been made to any Committee of Appeal, under the Provisions of this Act, by or on behalf of any Parish, or the Owners or Occupiers of Land within any Townland of any Parish, against the Valuation or any Part of the Valuation of the same or of any other Parish or Townland or Townlands within the same Barony, and it shall appear to such Committee of Appeal that just Cause has been shown to warrant such Committee to direct that a new Valuation shall be made of any such Parish or Parishes, Townland or Townlands, in respect of or on behalf whereof such Appeal may have been made, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Appeal, with the Consent of the Commissioner of Valuation for such County, or of his Assessor, to direct that a new Valuation shall in like Manner be made of any other Parish or Parishes, Townland or Townlands, within the same Barony, the Valuation whereof shall appear to the said Committee to have been defective or erroneous in the same respects, or to which the same Ground of Appeal may appear justly applicable, although no such Appeal shall have been made in respect of or on behalf of such other Parish or Parishes, Townland or Townlands.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That when and as the Valuation of any Barony within a County shall have been made by such Valuators, and transmitted to the Commissioner of Valuation and decided on by the Committee of Appeal, the said Commissioner of Valuation shall prepare and make out, in the Form of the Schedule (No. 1.) to this Act annexed, a List or Table of the several Parishes within such Barony, and of the several Townlands within each such Parish, distinguishing the Number of Acres

contained

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

495

contained in every such Parish and Townland, and the Value of the Lands and Houses in each such Parish or Townland respectively, according to the Survey and Valuation thereof so decided upon; and each such List or Table shall be signed by the said Commissioner of Valuation or his Assessor and Three Members of the said Committee of Appeal, and shall be transmitted, so signed, to the Chief Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant, and a Copy thereof shall be published in some Newspaper circulated in the County to which such Valuation shall relate; and from and after the End of the Assizes next ensuing the Day of such Publication, and until the End of the Assizes next ensuing the Day on which the List and Valuation of all the Baronies within the same County, as completed and agreed on by the first or preliminary Committee of Revision appointed under the Provisions of this Act, shall have been published, but no longer, all Grand Jury Rates, and the usual and accustomed Proportion of all County Cess Charges whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed on such Barony by Presentments of the Grand Jury, or to be raised off such Barony or any Parish and Division thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or to be imposed or levied off any Parish or Town-land of such Barony, under the Authority of any Law or Statute, shall be assessed and levied off such Barony, and off every Parish and Townland therein, according to the Proportions specified in such List and Valuation so signed and published as herein-before directed.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Publication of the List and Valuation of any Barony, by Order of the Committee of Appeal under the Provisions of this Act, shall not alter or affect the relative Proportion of County Cess or Charges which by any Laws or Usage may be or have been borne by such Barony as compared with any other Barony or Baronies.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the Valuation of all the Parishes within any Barony shall be completed, the Commissioner of Valuation shall make out a Copy of the Field Book of each Parish, and shall make out a Field Map showing the several Portions of Land which may have been separately valued, and distinguishing and numbering the same so as to correspond with the said Field Book; and the said Commissioner shall deliver such Copy of the Field Books and Maps, attested by his Signature, to the Treasurer of the County, who shall keep the same in his Office, there to remain open to public Inspection; and any Owner or Occupier of Land within such Parish shall be at liberty to make Copies or Extracts therefrom without Fee or Reward.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the Valuation of all the Baronies within any County shall have been made by such Valuators as aforesaid, and transmitted to the Commissioner of Valuation, and decided on by such Committee of Appeal, the said Commissioner shall prepare and make out a List or Table, in the Form contained in Schedule (No. 2.) to this Act annexed, of all the several Baronies within such County, specifying the Number of Acres within each such Barony according to the Survey made thereof by the Officers of Ordnance, and the total Value of the Land and Houses in such Barony according to the Valuation thereof by such Valuators pursuant to the Directions of

this

During the Period herein described, all County Cess, &c. shall be levied according to the Proportions therein specified;

but not to affect the Proportions borne by such Barony.

When Valuation completed. Commissioner to lodge a Copy of Field Book and a Field Map with County Treasurer.

When Valuations of all the Baronies in any County are completed, Commissioner shall send List thereof to Secretary of Grand Jury, who shall summon the Committee of Revision.

C. 84.

6 & T° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 188.

auch Meeting to be given.

List and Valuation of the Baronies, when finally settled by Committee of Revision, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette.

After such Publication all County Cess shall be levied according to the Sums and Proportions in such Valuation.

Treasurer to furnish Copies of Field Books and Maps to Persons requiring same

be given to the Commissioner of Valuation of auch County or to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, who shall forward the same to the said Commissioner, at least Thirty-one Days before the Time appointed for the re-assembling of such Committee; and that such Notice shall be subscribed by at least Two Persons each paying Grand Jury Cess to the Amount of Forty Shillings, or by at least Two Persons having each a Freehold or Leasehold Estate in Lands or Tenements of the annual Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards and situate in such County.

XLII. And be it enacted, That when the Committee of Revision so re-assembled shall have come to a final Decision, the List of the several Baronies, and the Valuation thereof as confirmed or amended and finally agreed on by such Committee of Revision so re-assembled, shall be signed by the Commissioner of Valuation or by the Assessor and by Three at least of the Members of such Committee of Revision; and a Copy thereof, according to the Form contained in No. 3. of the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such other Form as shall be approved by the Judge and Grand Jury at any Assizes to be holden for such County, shall be transmitted to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, and he shall cause the same to be published in the Dublin Gazette within Thirty-one Days next after he shall have received such List so signed by such Commissioner and Committee or Three Members thereof; and the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall also cause such List to be published in some public Newspaper circulated in the County to which such List and Valuation shall relate; and the several Field Books and other Documents shall be transmitted by the Commissioner of Valuation to the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin Castle, to be there arranged and kept as may be most for Convenience and Security; and a Copy of such Field Books shall be furnished by such Commissioner of Valuation to the Treasurer of the County.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of the Assizes next ensuing the Day on which such List and Valuation so signed and settled by the said Committee of Revision so re-assembled as aforesaid shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, all County Cess Charges whatsoever and all Grand Jury Rates imposed or to be imposed on such County by Presentments of the Grand Jury, or to be raised off such County, or any Barony, Parish, or Townland thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or to be imposed or levied or to be levied under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be assessed and levied off such County, and off every Barony, Parish, or Townland therein, according to the Proportions specified in such List and Valuation so published, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage, or Custom, or any former Assessment or Valuation, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of each County shall furnish Copies of such Field Books, as and when the Valuation therein contained shall have been confirmed or amended and finally agreed on by the said Committees of Appeal and Revision respectively of such County in manner by this Act provided, and of

497

A.D. 18S6, 6« & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

gross Amount of the Valuation of such Barony may have been altered by them.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all fractional Parts of a Pound Sterling may be rejected from the total Value of any Barony, Parish, Manors or other Denomination, as stated in any List and Valuation prepared under Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purpose of computing the Proportions in which fixe same shall be respectively rated.

XL. And be it enacted, That when the Committee of Revision shall have come to a Decision the List of the several Baronies and the Valuation thereof, as confirmed or amended, shall be signed by the Commissioner of Valuation or by the Assessor, and by Three at least of the Members of the said Committee of Revision appointed by the Grand Jury, and a Copy thereof, according to the Form (No. 3.) of the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such other rorm as shall be approved of by the Judge and Grand Jury at any Assizes to be holden for such County, shall be published in some public Newspaper circulated in the County to which such List and Valuation shall relate; and from and after the End of the Assizes next ensuing the Day on which such List and Valuation so signed shall be published as aforesaid, all County Cess and Charges whatsoever, and all Grand Jury Rates, imposed or to be imposed on any such County by Presentments of the Grand Jury, or to be raised off such County, or any Barony, Parish, or Townland thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or to be imposed or levied or to be levied under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be assessed and levied off such County, and off every Barony, Parish, or Townlands therein, according to the Proportions specified in such List and Valuation so published, until and unless the same shall be revised or altered by a Committee of Revision re-assembled as herein-after provided, and no longer.

XLI. And be it enacted, That at some Assizes within Three Years next after the Publication of such List and Valuation of all the Baronies of each County the Grand Jury shall nominate and appoint a Time for the Re-assembly of the Committee of Revision of such County, and the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall give Notice of the Time appointed for such Re-assembly of the Committee of Revision in like Manner as he is required to give Notice of the First Meeting of such Committee; and at the Time so appointed the Members of such Committee of Revision, together with the Commissioner of Valuation or his Assessor, shall meet in the Court House of such County, and shall there and then inquire into and determine all such Complaints as shall be made against the said Valuation or any Part thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Committee to revise and amend such Valuation as to them may seem just, or to direct a new Valuation when the same shall appear necessary, and to adjourn from Time to Time; and the Valuation, as confirmed or amended and finally agreed on by such Committee, shall be in the Place and Stead of the former Valuation so published, and of like Force and Effect: Provided always, that Notice in Writing of any Complaint which it is intended to prefer to the said Committee so re-assembled shall 6 & 7 Gul. IV. K k. be

Fractions of a Pound may be rejected from Valuations.

When Committee of Revision have come to a Decision the List to be signed and a Copy published, and thenceforth all Charges and Rates shall be levied according to it.

At some Assizes within Three Yean after such Publication, Committee of Revision to meet to finally amend and settle Valuations.

How Notice of Complaints intended to be preferred at

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

* uch Meeting to be given.

List and Valuation of the Baronies, when finally settled by Committee of Revision, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette.

After such Publication all County Cess shall be levied according to the Sums and Proportions in such Valuation.

Treasurer to furnish Copies of Field Books and Maps to Persons re-; ng same

be given to the Commissioner of Valuation of such County or to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, who shall forward the same to the said Commissioner, at least Thirty-one Days before the Time appointed for the re-assembling of such Committee; and that such Notice shall be subscribed by at least Two Persons each paying Grand Jury Cess to the Amount of Forty Shillings, or by at least Two Persons having each a Freehold or Leasehold Estate in Lands or Tenements of the annual Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards and situate in such County.

XLII. And be it enacted, That when the Committee of Revision so re-assembled shall have come to a final Decision, the List of the several Baronies, and the Valuation thereof as confirmed or amended and finally agreed on by such Committee of Revision so re-assembled, shall be signed by the Commissioner of Valuation or by the Assessor and by Three at least of the Members of such Committee of Revision; and a Copy thereof, according to the Form contained in No. 3. of the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such other Form as shall be approved by the Judge and Grand Jury at any Assizes to be holden for such County, shall be transmitted to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, and he shall cause the same to be published in the Dublin Gazette within Thirty-one Days next after he shall have received such List so signed by such Commissioner and Committee or Three Members thereof; and the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall also cause such List to be published in some public Newspaper circulated in the County to which such List and Valuation shall relate; and the several Field Books and other Documents shall be transmitted by the Commissioner of Valuation to the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin Castle, to be there arranged and kept as may be most for Convenience and Security; and a Copy of such Field Books shall be furnished by such Commissioner of Valuation to the Treasurer of the County.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the End of the Assizes next ensuing the Day on which such List and Valuation so signed and settled by the said Committee of Revision so re-assembled as aforesaid shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, all County Cess Charges whatsoever and all Grand Jury Rates imposed or to be imposed on such County by Presentments of the Grand Jury, or to be raised off such County, or any Barony, Parish, or Townland thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or to be imposed or levied or to be levied under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be assessed and levied off such County, and off every Barony, Parish, or Townland therein, according to the Proportions specified in such List and Valuation so published, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage, or Custom, or any former Assessment or Valuation, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of each County shall furnish Copies of such Field Books, as and when the Valuation therein contained shall have been confirmed or amended and finally agreed on by the said Committees of Appeal and Revision respectively of such County in manner by this Act provided, and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84. 499

of such Field Maps, marked and numbered to correspond with such Field Books, to any Person or Persons requiring the same for the Applotment of Grand Jury Cess, and such Copies shall be prepared under such Regulations as the Grand Jury of such County shall fix and determine; and they shall present, to be raised off the Townland or other Denomination of Land to which such Copies shall relate, the Expence of making the same s Provided always, that such Field Books and Field Maps shall not be conclusive in respect to such Applotment, but that such Applotment shatt be varied from Time to Time when and as to the Applotters may seem just and necessary with regard to the Value of the Lands and Premises subject to such Applotment at the Time of making the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfVII for the Lord Lieutenant to order and direct that a Salary, at the Rate of not more than Five hundred Pounds by the Year, shall and may be paid to any Person who shall be appointed Commissioner of Valuation, and to each and every Person who shall be continued as a Commissioner of Valuation under the Authority of this Act, during the Time he shall be so employed.

XLVI. And whereas it is expedient for the more complete ' Uniformity of the said Valuation, that the same should be carried on under the Control and Direction of a single Commissioner of Valuation, and the Salary of Five hundred Pounds per Annum is an insufficient Remuneration for a Person appointed to act as such Commissioner in many Counties be it therefore enacted, That in addition to the said Salary of Five hundred Poundto per Anmun it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant, at his Discretion, to order and direct such Allowance for travelling and other Expences, not exceeding One Guinea per Day for every Day during which such Commissioner shall be engaged in the Business of such Valuation, as to the said Lord Lieutenant shall seem proper; and that every Valuator or other Person who shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act shall receive and be entitled to receive for his Trouble any Sum of Money or Allowance not exceeding the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Day during which any and every such Person shall be employed by or engaged under the Orders of such Commissioner of Valuation, upon a Certificate, to be signed by such Commissioner, that such Person was so employed for the Number of Days to be stated in such Certificate, and that such Person diligently conducted himself in the Execution of this Act in a Manner satisfactory to such Commissioner.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to order and direct that any such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think proper shall from Time to Time be advanced out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Ireland^ for the defraying the Salaries of the said several Commissioners of Valuation and the Allowances which shall be from Time to Time payable to the Persons employed in carrying this Act into execution; and all such Advances shall be made to such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as shall from Time to Time for Applotment of Grand Jury Cess.

Salary to Commissioners of Valuation.

Lord Lieutenant may order an Allowance for travelling Expences to Commissioner of Valuation in addition to his Salary.

Lord Lieutenant may advance Money out of Consolidated Fund.

500

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Sums paid to Commissioner and Valuators to be repaid by Presentment.

Construction of Terms.

5 G. 4. c. crviii.

be 'ordered and directed by such Lord Lieutenant, and as shall be signified in the usual Manner by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary, and it shall be lawful for such Chief Secretary or Under Secretary to certify to the Grand Jury of any and every County within which any such Persons shall be employed the Amount of Money which shall have been paid to the Commissioner of Valuation and to the several Persons employed within such County in the Execution of this Act out of the Advance authorized by this Act; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any and every such County respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make Presentment of the Amount of such Expences as stated in such Certificate, to be raised off the County at large or the several Baronies therein in such Manner and in such Proportions as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct; and when and so soon as the Sum so to be presented as aforesaid shall be raised and received by the Treasurer of any County, such Treasurer shall pay over the same to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them shall think fit to direct.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Words " Lord Lieutenant " shall be understood to mean Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; the Word " Inhabitant" to include every one rated to the Grand Jury Cess; and that all Provisions and Directions in this Act contained relating to Counties shall extend to all Counties, 'Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Towns Corporate in Ireland, except such Parts of the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin as lie within the Circular Road of the said City, and which are comprised in the Valuation made under Authority of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for valuing the Houses situate m and near the City of Dublin, and for the more equal Payment of the local Taxes there; and that all the Acts and Duties by this Act required to be performed by the several Grand Juries at the Assizes for any County shall and may, in the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin, be performed at the Presenting Terms by the Grand Juries duly met and impannelled; and that all Provisions and Directions relating to Baronies shall extend to Half Baronies and to all other Divisions of Counties being greater than (Parishes; and that all Provisions and Directions relating to Parishes shall extend to all Chapelries or Divisions of Parishes or Extra-parochial Divisions, and to all Unions of Parishes, as if the same were One Parish, in Cases where any such-Union or Division shall be rateable as One Parish; and that all Provisions and Directions relating to Townlands shall extend to all Divisions and Sub-denominations of Lands less than and being comprised within any Parish; and that where any Parish or Union shall be situate in more than One County or Barony, or partly in a County and partly in a County of a City, County of a Town, or Town Corporate, the several Parts of such Parish shall be valued as a distinct Parish in the several Baronies or Counties, or Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or Towns Corporate, to which they shall

contribute

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.:

C. 84.

501

contribute to the Payment of any County Cess Charges or Grand Jury Rate.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That Ten Days previously to the Commencement of each Assizes the Commissioner of Valuation shall transmit to the Secretary of any Grand Jury of any County 'which shall be in the course of Valuation a Statement of the Progress made in such Valuation, together with the Amount of the Expenditure on the same, up to the Period when such Return shall be made.

L. And be it enacted, That if any High Constable or other Collector of County Cess or Grand Jury Rates, or any Churchwarden of any Parish, or any Landholder hereby required to act in lieu and stead of a Churchwarden, or any Commissioner of Valuation, or any Valuator appointed by such Commissioner, or any Secretary of the Grand Jury, shall omit or neglect or refuse to do any Matter or Thing which such High Constable or Collector, Churchwarden, Landholder, Commissioner, Valuator, or Clerk of the Peace are by this Act required and directed to do in the Execution of this Act in manner required by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Five Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LI. And whereas there are divers detached or isolated Parcels of Land belonging to or forming Part of certain Counties in Ireland, but locally situate within or surrounded by other Counties; and in like Manner there are divers detached or isolated Parcels of Land belonging to or forming Part of certain Baronies, but locally situate within or surrounded by other Baronies: And whereas it is expedient, for the Purpose of the General Survey of Ireland now carxying on under the Direction of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and for the Purpose of the Valuation consequent upon such Survey, that such detached or isolated Portions of Counties and Baronies should be comprised and included in the Counties and Baronies within which they may be respectively locally situate or whereto they may adjoin, so that each County and Barony in Ireland may respectively consist of one continuous Tract of Land; be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Surveyors or Persons appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant to ascertain and mark out the reputed Boundaries of each or any County, Barony, Half Barony, Parish, or other Division or Denomination of Land in Ireland^ with a view to the more effectual Execution of the General Survey now in progress throughout Ireland under the Direction of Officers appointed by the Master General and Board of Ordnance, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes, and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same, shall find that there is any detached or isolated Portion of any one County locally situated within any other County, or between any Two other Counties, or surrounded by any other Counties, or that there is any detached or isolated Portion of any

K k 3 one

Commissioner of Valuation to state Progress of Valuations.

Penalty on High Constable^ Churchwarden, Commissioner, &c. neglecting their Duty in Execution of this Act.

When the Boundary Surveyors, &c. shall find any detached Portion of any one County situate within or surrounded by other Counties, &c. they shall report the same to Lord Lieutenant in Council;

6 G. 4. c. 99.

609

C. 84.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

who shall order the Annexation of such detached Portions.

What such Order of the Lord Lieutenant, &c. in Council shall ^contain; to be published in Dublin Gazette, and Copies thereof delivered to Surveyors and lodged with Clerks of the Peace for the Counties to which same shall relate.

Ldrd Lieutenant in Council empowered to make a Supplemental Order.

ope Barony loyally situated within any other Barony, or betweep any Two other Baronies, or surrounded by any other Baronies, the said Surveyors or Persons shall make > Report to the said Lord Lieutenant in Coupoil, stating the Situation of each suck detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony and of the adjoining poupties or Baronies, and describing the same in a Han or Map to be annexed to such Report; and thereupon such Lord Lieutenant (in ^Council shall make Order directing such detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony to be annexed to and incorporated with the County or Barony wherein the same may be locally situate or by which it may be surrounded; or if such detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony shall He between Two or more Counties or Baronies, then and in such Cose directing the stgne to .be annexed to such of the said contiguous Counties or Baronies as , be and they shall think proper.

LII. And be it enacted, That the said Lord Lieutenant in .Council shall and may by such Order as aforesaid limit and determine the Purposes to which the Union and Annexation of soch isolated or detached Portion of a County or Barony to such other County or Barony shall extend, and fix and declare from what Period the same shall take effect, and settle and adjust all such Matters in respect of the Right of voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament by Persons holding or occupying Houses, Lands, or* Tenements in such County or Barony, and for the Alteration or Amendment of the Lists or Registers of Electors accordingly, and in respect of the Assessment, Applotment, and Levy of Grand Jury and other Rates and Assessments, and in respect of all other Matters and Things proper or necessary to be settled and adjusted in consequence of the Union or Annexation directed to be made by such Order; and the Order of the said Lord Lieutenant in Council shall be conclusive and binding in Law in respect of the said several Matters and Things therein contained; and every such Order shall be published in the Dublin Gaaette; and a Copy or Copies of such Order, certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Council, shall be delivered to the said Surveyors or other Persons employed to ascertain and mark out the reputed Boundaries of each or any County, Barony, Half Barony, Townland, Parish, or other Denomination or Division of Land in Ireland, who shall mark out the Boundaries accordingly in pursuance to such Order; and a like Copy or Copies shall be tran»-mitted to the Clerk of the Peace for each County to which such Order shall in any way relate, to be by him kept and preserved in his Office, and exhibited at all reasonable Hours to any Person or Persons who may desire to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward *

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant in Council from Time to Time as Occasion may require to make any Supplemental Order or Orders for removing such Doubts or settling such Disputes as may arise in consequence of the Changes effected by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained; and every such Supplemental Order shall be published and transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him preserved and exhibited for Inspection in like Manner as herein-before

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

SOS

provided in respect of any original Order; and every such Supplemental Order shall have the same Force and Effect as if it had formed Part of any original Order made under the Provisions of this Act.

LIV. And for the Correction of any Maps or Surveys already made or in progress, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant to appoint the said Boundary Surveyor or Person, or any Surveyor or Person whom he shall think fit, to ascertain if there be any detached or isolated Portion of any one County locally situated within any other County, or between any Two other Counties, or surrounded by any other Counties, of which County or Counties the General Survey under the Direction of Officers appointed by the Master General and Board of Ordnance, or the Boundary Survey under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, shall have been in progress or completed before the passing of this Act; and in like Manner to ascertain if there be any detached or isolated Portion of any one Barony locally situate within any other Barony, or between any Two other Baronies, or surrounded by any other Baronies, of which Barony or Baronies the said General Survey or Boundary Survey shall have been completed before the passing of this Act; and the said Surveyor or Person shall make a Report to the said Lord Lieutenant in Council, stating the Situation of each such detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony, if any, and of the adjoining Counties or Baronies, and describing the same in a Map or Plan to be annexed to such Report; and thereupon such Lord Lieutenant in Council shall have Power and Authority to make such and the like Order or Supplemental Order in respect of any such detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony so appearing in any Survey or Map completed before the passing of this Act as such Lord Lieutenant in Council has been herein-before enabled to make in Cases where such Survey or Map shall not have been begun or shall not have been completed previous to the passing of this Act; and such Order or Supplemental Order in the Case of any Map or Survey already completed shall be made and dealt with in the like Manner and be of the like Validity and Effect as any Order or Supplemental Order made in the Case where any such Map or Survey has not yet been made or completed; and the said Boundary Surveyor or Person shall amend any Map or Plan furnished by him to the Officers appointed by the Master General and Board of Ordnance in conformity with such Order directing the Amendment of such Map of Survey; and the said Officers shall in like Manner amend the General Survey Map in conformity with such amended Map or Plan, and pursuant to the Directions of the said Lord Lieutenant in Council.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take away, or remove, or displace, or alter the Situation of any Boundary Stone, Post, or Mark, which shall be set up and placed for the Purposes of this Act, or shall wilfully deface, mutilate, break, or destroy any such Boundary Stone, Post, or Mark, or shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Surveyor in the Execution of his Duty in and about the ascertaining and marking out the

Provision for Counties or Baronies of which the General or Boundary Survey shall have been completed before the passing of this Act.

Penalty on Persons displacing Marks, &c. or obstructing Surveyors, Ac.

604

C. 84.

& 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

No Order to affect the Boundaries of Land with respect to any Right or Interest therein, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity instituted previous thereto; nor any Description in any Deed.

Penalties may be recovered before Two Justices of the Peace.

Boundaries of any detached or isolated Portion of any County or Barony as aforesaid, or shall assault any such Surveyor, or shall in any way resist such Surveyor in the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or shall obstruct, hinder, assault, or resist any Workman or other Person acting in aid of any such Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending and being duly convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds and not less than Two Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom he or they shall be so convicted.

LVL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order made in pursuance of this Act shall in any way affect the Boundary or Boundaries of any Land with reference to any Right, Title, Claim, Possession, or Interest therein; nor shall the Description or Denomination in any Pleadings or Proceedings, Criminal or Civil, in any Court of Law or Equity, pending or instituted previous to the Time limited for such Order taking effect, be in any way vitiated or affected thereby; and that in the Case of any Suit or Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, pending or instituted previous to the Time assigned in and by such Order for the same taking effect, such Suit or Proceeding shall and may be continued as if no such Order had been made, and without regard thereto; and the said Order shall, in respect of such Suit or Proceeding, and any and every Matter relating thereto, be void and of none effect; and that wherever, in any Deed or Instrument made previous to the Time appointed for such Order taking effect, such isolated or detached Portion of a County or Barony, or any Place in such isolated or detached Portion, shall have been described or denominated by the Name of the County or Barony to which the same may have originally belonged, such isolated or detached Portion or Place therein shall be deemed and taken to have been described or denominated by the Name of the County or Barony to which it shall be by such Order united, as if such last-mentioned County or Barony had been named in such Deed or Instrument instead of such County or Barony to which the same originally belonged; and such isolated or detached Portion or Place shall and may, in all Suits and Proceedings at Law or Equity at any Time afterwards instituted, be described and denominated as belonging to such County or Barony to which it shall be so united by such Order.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Penalty shall be incurred, upon Complaint to them for that Purpose exhibited, and shall afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings, in case of Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices; and such Justices are hereby authorized and required to summon before them any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine! such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (or Affirmation) of and concerning such

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84. 605

Offences, Matters, or Thing, and to hear and determine the same; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for his or their Appearance before such Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any One of such Justices or any other Justice of the Peace for such County or Place as aforesaid, and such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures respectively, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures when so levied shall be paid to the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, in such Manner as such Justices shall direct and appoint.

LVIII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of the Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) , or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

i RE remembered, That on the

to wit. j Day of in the Year of our Lord

AJB. is convicted before us, Two of His Majesty's

4 Justices of the Peace of the said County [or City or Town, as the Case may he], by virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth and

Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, inti *

tuled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Ad], of having 4 [here set out the Offence, and when and where committed,] 4 contrary to the said Act; for which Offence we do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

f Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year above

written.

Application of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

506 C. 84. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

Persona aggrieved by Conviction may appeal to Quarter Sessions, giving Ten Days Notice and Security.

Costs of Appeal recoverable by Distress.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Conviction to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place; and every Person appealing against such Conviction shall (if there be sufficient Time after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen) first give or cause to be given Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Justices whose Conviction shall be so appealed against, and within Seven Days next after the Date of such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to tiy such Appeal, and to abide by or submit to the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions or any Adjournment thereof; and for Want of sufficient Time for giving such Notice previous to the Quarter Sessions next after the Cause of any such Complaint shall have happened, then such Appeal, after such Notice and under such Recognizance, may be made at the Second General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County or Place; and the Justice at such First or Second Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at such Sessions shall be final, binding, and.conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices at such Sessions, by their Order or Warrant, to levy such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form, nor be removed nor removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons or Conviction, or in the Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84. 507

Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action on the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on behalf of the Party distraining before such Action commenced.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Justice of the Peace, or any Commissioner of Valuation, or against any Valuators, or against any other Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act until Thirty Days Notice thereof shall be given to such Justice or Commissioner or Valuator, or other Person or Persons, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender of Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved,

. nor after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit or Prosecution shall be laid or brought in the County, County of a City, or County of a Town where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall and may, at his or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue Not guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if any Replevin shall be brought for any Cattle, Goods, or Chattels seized or taken by virtue or in pursuance of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful and sufficient to and for any Person or Persons who shall be Defendant or Defendants or Avowant or Avowants in any such Replevin to avow, plead, or make cognizance generally that he or they took the same Cattle, Goods, or Chattels as a Distress by force of the Statute in that Case made and provided, without more particularly setting forth this Act, or the Cause of making or detaining the said Distress or Distresses, or making any other more special Plea, Avowry, or Cognizance, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if it shall appear that the Matter on which the Cause of Action arose was done, or that the Distress replevied was made, in pursuance and by Authority of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, County of a City, or County of a Town than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants or Avowant or Avowants; and upon such Verdict, or if the -Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Prosecution after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants or Avowant or Avowants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases of Costs given by Law.

Limitation of Actions.

Notice.

Tender of

Venue.

General lasue.

General Avowry in Ueplcvin.

Costs.

508 , C. 84. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

Barony of B. in the County of C.

Valuation of Lands, &c. within the several Parishes and Townlands in the said Barony, made in pursuance of the Act 6 & 7 WilL 4s c. for the uniform Valuation of Lands in Ireland.

Acres. Annual Value of Lands, &e. Total in each Parish.

Acres. Value.

Parish of A. Townland D. 250 £ 120 No. £

E. 100 100

F. - Total in the Parish of A. Exemptions in the Parish of A. 50 25 400 245

Parish of G.

Townland H. 60 100

I. 4*7 37

K. - Total in the Parish of G. 160 240 267 S77

Exemptions. &c. &c. Ac.

Total in Barony 667 622

The Meeting of the Committee of Appeal, named for the said Barony by the Grand Jury of the said County, is appointed for the Day of

next, at the Court House at [or at any other Place fixedfor t/ar

Meeting]. Dated this Day of 18 »

To the High Constable [or\ <7. V.

Collector of the Cess] for > Commissioner of Valuation for the Barony of B. J the County of C.

A Copy of this List is to be transmitted by the High Constable [or Collector} to the Churchwardens of the several Parishes within the said Barony of B.* and to be posted in manner directed by the said Act 6* A 7 WilL 4*. <x for the Valuation of Lands in Ireland.

Letters to be addressed to C. K at.

No. 2.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 84.

509

No. 2.

County of C.

Valuation of Lands, &c. within the several Baronies In the said County, made in pursuance of the Act 6 A 7 Will. 4. c. ., for the uniform Valuation of Lands in Ireland.

Baronies. Parishes. Acres. Annual Value Total in each Barony.

of Lands, See. Acres. Value.

A.B. Exemptions. No. 140 £ 90 No* £

F. Exemptions. 200 100

TMai rtf Pornnw A _ 340 190

I. K. Exemptions. 400 200

N. Exemptions. 80 40

Total of Barony I. 480 240

Ac. &c. &c. &c. &c. &c.

Total of all the Baronies in the County

The Meeting of the Committee of Revision named by the Grand Jury of the said County is appointed for the Day of next, at the County

Court Houste at, for the Revision of the foregoing Valuation. Dated

this Day of 18 ..

C.V.

Commissioner of Valuation of the said County.

The Secretary of the Grand Jury is required by the said Act to give Notice of the Day and Place above appointed to each and every Member of the said Committee of Revision, and also to advertise the same in some public Newspaper circulated in the said County Fourteen Days at least before the said Day of Meeting.

No. 3«

510

C. 84, 85.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1836.

No. 3.

County of C.

Valuation of Lands, Ac., within the several Baronies in the said County finally confirmed and agreed on by the Committee of Revision appointed by the Grand Jury of the said County, in pursuance of the Act 6 & 7 WilL 4. c. ., for the uniform Valuation of Lands in Ireland.

x

Baronies. Parishes. Aerm. Annual Value of Lands, &c. Total in each Barony.

Acres. Value.

No. £ No.

A.B. 140 90

Exemptions.

F. 200 100

Exemptions.

Total of Barony A. 340 190

i. K. 400 200

Exemptions.

N. 80 40

Exemptions.

Total of Barony L 480 240

Ac. &c. &c. &c. &c. Ac.

Total of all the Baronies in the County

C.D.

Commissioner of Valuation for the County of C.

E.F., Members of the Committee G.H.y > of Revision for the said /. JL, J County.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for Marriages in England.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law of Marriages in England: Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the First Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, notwithstanding any thing in this Act contained, all the Rules prescribed by the Kubrick concerning the solemnizing of Marriages shall continue to be duly observed by every Person in Holy Orders of the Church of England who shall solemnize any Marriage in England: Provided always, that where by any Law or Canon in force before the passing of this Act it is provided that any Marriage may be solemnized after Publication of Banns, such

Marriage

After 1st of March 18S7 all Rules prescribed by the Rubrick to continue to be observed.

Marriages may be solemnised Production

County Court House,

Day of 18 .

A.P.1886. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 8 b.

511

Marriage may be solemnized in like Manner on Production of the of Registrar's Registrar's Certificate as herein-after provided; provided also, that Certificate, nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of the Archbishop of Canterbury and his Successors, and his and their proper Officers, to grant Special Licences to marry at any convenient Time and Place, or the Right of any Surrogate or other Person now having Authority to grant Licences for Marriages *

---

[Marriages of Quakers and Jews.]

II. And be it enacted, That the Society of Friends commonly called Quakers, and also Persons professing the Jewish Religion, may continue to contract and solemnize Marriage according to the Usages of the said Society and of the said Persons respectively; and every such marriage is hereby declared and confirmed good in Law, provided that the Parties to such Marriage be both of the said Society, or both Persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively, provided also, that Notice to the Registrar shall have been given, and the Registrar's Certificate shall have issued in manner hereinafter provided.

[Superintendent Registrar of Births to be Superintendent Registrar of Marriages.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Superintendent Registrar of Births and Deaths of every Union, Parish, or Place shall be, in right of his Office, Superintendent Registrar of Marriages within such Union, Parish, or Place, and that such Union, Parish, or Place shall be deemed the District of such Superintendent Registrar of Marriages.

[Notice of every intended Marriage to be given to the Superintendent Registrar of the District.]

IV. And be it enacted, That in every Case of Marriage intended to be solemnized in England after the said First Day of March according to the Rites of the Church of England, (unless by Licence or by Special Licence, or after Publication of Banns,) and in every Case of Marriage intended to be solemnized in England after the said First Day of March according to the Usages of the Quakers or Jews, or according to any Form authorized by this Act, One of the Parties shall give Notice under his or her Hand, in the Form of Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, to the Superintendent Registrar of the District within which the Parties shall have dwelt for not less than Seven Days then next preceding, or if the Parties dwell in the Districts of different Superintendent Registrars shall give the like Notice to the Superintendent Registrar of each District, and shall state therein the Name and Surname and the Profession or Condition of each of the Parties intending Marriage, the Dwelling Place of each of them, and the Time not being less than Seven Days during which each has dwelt therein, and the Church or other building in which the Marriage is to be solemnized; provided that if either Party shall have dwelt in the Place stated in the Notice during more than One Calendar Month, it may be stated therein that he or she have dwelt there One Month and upwards.

[Superintendent Registrar to keep Notices in a Book.]

V. And be it enacted, That the Superintendent Registrar shall file all such Notices, and keep them with the Records of his Office, and shall forthwith enter a true Copy of all such Notices fairly into a Book to be for that Purpose furnished to him by the Registrar General, to be called "The Marriage Notice Book," the Cost of providing which shall be defrayed in like Manner as the Cost of providing Register Books of Births and Deaths; and the Marriage Notice Book shall be open at all reasonable Times

C. 85. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

without Fee to all Persons desirous of inspecting the same; and for every such Entry the Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to have a Fee of One Shilling.

[Notices to be read at Meetings of Guardians.]

VI. And be it enacted, That if such Superintendent Registrar shall be Clerk to the Guardians of any Poor Law Union, or of any Parish or Place comprising the District for which such Superintendent Registrar shall act, he shall read such Notices as hereinafter directed; and if he shall not be such Clerk, then he shall transmit to such Clerk on the Day previous to each weekly Meeting of such Guardians all such Notices of intended Marriage as he shall have received on or since the Day previous to the weekly Meeting immediately preceding the same; and such Clerk shall read such Notices immediately after the Minutes of the Proceedings of such Guardians at their last Meeting shall have been read; and such Notices shall be so read Three several Times in Three successive Weeks at the weekly Meetings of such Guardians, unless in any Case Licence for Marriage shall be sooner granted, and Notice of such Licence being granted shall have been given to such Clerk: Provided also, that if it shall happen that the Board of Guardians of any such Union, Parish, or Place shall not so meet, it shall be sufficient for the Purposes of this Act that such Notices shall be read at any Meeting of such Guardians which shall be held within Twenty-one Days from the Day of such Notice being entered.

[After Seven Days or Twenty-one Days, Certificate of Notice to be given upon Demand.]

VII. And be it enacted, That after the Expiration of Seven Days if the Marriage is to be solemnized by Licence, or of Twenty-one Days if the Marriage is to be solemnized without Licence, after the Entry of such Notice, the Superintendent Registrar, upon being requested so to do by or on behalf of the Party by whom the Notice was given, shall issue under his Hand a Certificate in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, provided that no lawful Impediment be shown to the Satisfaction of the Superintendent Registrar why such Certificate should not issue, and provided that the Issue of such Certificate shall not have been sooner forbidden in manner herein-after mentioned by any Person or Persons authorized in that Behalf as herein-after is provided; and every such Certificate shall state the Particulars set forth in the Notice, the Day on which the Notice was entered, and that the full Period of Seven Days or of Twenty-one Days (as the Case may be) has elapsed since the Entry of such Notice, and that the Issue of such Certificate has not been forbidden by any Person or Persons authorized in that Behalf; and for every such Certificate the Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to have a Fee of One Shilling.

[Forms of Certificates to be furnished.]

---

Certificates for Marriage by Licence to be distinguishable from other Certificates.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall furnish to every Superintendent Registrar a sufficient Number of Forms of Certificates, the Cost of which shall be accounted for by the Superintendent Registrar to the Registrar General; and in order to distinguish the Certificates to be issued for Marriages by Licence from the Certificates to be issued for Marriages without Licence, a Watermark in the Form of the Word " Licence, in Roman Letters, shall be laid and manufactured in the Substance of the Paper on which the Certificates to be issued for Marriage by Licence shall be written or printed; and ever}f Certificate to be

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85. 513

issued for Marriage by Licence shall be printed with Red Ink, and every Certificate to be issued for Marriages without Licence shall be printed with Black Ink, and such other distinctive Marks between the Two Kinds of Certificate shall be used from Time to Time as shall seem fit to the Registrar General.

---

[Issue of Superintendent Registrar's Certificate may be forbidden.]

IX. And be it enacted, That any Person authorized in that Behalf may forbid the Issue of the Superintendent Registrar's Certificate by writing at any Time before the Issue of such Certificate the Word "forbidden" opposite to the Entry of the Notice of such intended Marriage in the Marriage Notice Book, and that by subscribing thereto his or her Name and Place of Abode, and his or her Character, in respect of either of the Parties, by reason of which he or she is so authorized; and in case the Issue of any such Certificate shall have been so forbidden the Notice and all Proceedings thereupon shall be utterly void.

[Consent.]

X. And be it enacted, That after the said First Day of March the like Consent shall be required to any Marriage in England solemnized by Licence as would have been required by Law to Marriages solemnized by Licence immediately before the passing of this Act; and every Person whose Consent to a Marriage by Licence is required by Law is hereby authorized to forbid the Issue of the Superintendent Registrar's Certificate, whether the Marriage is intended to be by Licence or without Licence.

[Superintendent Registrar may grant Licences for Marriage.]

---

XI. And be it enacted, That after the said First Day of March every Superintendent Registrar shall have Authority to grant Licences for Marriage in any Building registered as herein-after provided within any District under his Superintendence, or in his Office, in the Form of Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, and for every such Licence shall be entitled to have of the Party requiring the same the Sum of Three Pounds above the Value of the Stamps necessary on granting such Licence; and every Superintendent Registrar shall Four Times in every Year, on such Days as shall be appointed by the Registrar General, make a Return to the Registrar General of every Licence granted by him since his last Return, and of the Particulars stated concerning the Parties: Provided always, that no Superintendent Registrar shall grant any such Licence until he shall have given Security by his Bond in the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Registrar General for the due and faithful Execution of his Office: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Superintendent Registrar to grant any Licence for Marriage in any Church or Chapel in which Marriages may be solemnized according to the Rites of the Church of England, or in any Church or Chapel belonging to the Church of England or licensed for the Celebration of Divine Worship according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, or any Licence for Marriage in any registered Building which shall not be within his District.

XII. And be it enacted, That before any Licence for Marriage shall be granted by any such Superintendent Registrar One of the Parties intending Marriage shall appear personally before such Superintendent Registrar, and in case the Notice of such intended Marriage shall not have been given to such Superintendent Registrar, shall deliver to him the Certificate of the Superintendent Registrar or Superintendent Registrars to whom such Notice shall

6 & 7 Gul. IV. L1 have

Superintendent Registrar to gire Security.

[Proviso.]

Certificate to be given before the Licence is granted.

514 C. 85. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Caveat maybe lodged with Superintendent Registrar against Grant of Licence or Certificate.

Marriages not to be solemnized until after 21 Days after Entry of Notice, unless by Licence.

New Notice required after Three Months.

have been given, and such Party shall make Oath^or shall make his or her solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of taking an Oath, that he or she believeth that there is not any Impediment of Kindred or Alliance or other lawful Hindrance to the said Marriage, and that One of the said Parties hath for the Space of Fifteen^Days immediately before the Day of the Grant of such Licence had his or her usual Place of Abode within the District within which such Marriage is to be solemnized, and where either of the Parties, not being a Widower or Widow, shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, that the Consent of the Person or Persons whose Consent to such Marriage is required by Law has been obtained thereto, or that there is no Person having Authority to give such Consent, as the Case may be; and all such Licences and Declarations shall be respectively liable to the same Stamp Duties as Licences for Marriage granted by the Ordinary of any Diocese, and Affidavits made in order to procure the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That any Person, on Payment of Five Shillings, may enter a Caveat with the Superintendent Registrar against the Grant of a Certificate or a Licence for the Marriage of any Person named therein; and if any Caveat be entered with the Superintendent Registrar, such Caveat being duly signed by or on behalf of the Person who enters the same, together with his or her Place of Residence, and the Ground of Objection on which his or her Caveat is founded, no Certificate or Licence shall issue or be granted until the Superintendent Registrar shall have examined into the Matter of the Caveat, and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the Grant of the Certificate or Licence for the said Marriage, or until the Caveat be withdrawn by the Party who entered the same; provided that in Cases of Doubt it shall be lawful for the Superintendent Registrar to refer the Matter of any such Caveat to the Registrar General, who shall decide upon the same: Provided likewise, that in case of the Superintendent Registrar refusing the Grant of the Certificate or Licence, the Person applying for the same shall have a Right to appeal to the Registrar General, who shall thereupon either confirm the Refusal or direct the Grant of the Certificate or Licence.

XIV. And be it enacted, That after the said First Day of March no Marriage after such Notice as aforesaid, unless by virtue of a Licence to be granted by the Superintendent Registrar, shall be solemnized or registered in England until after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the Day of the Entry of such Notice as aforesaid; and no Marriage shall be solemnized by the Licence of any Superintendent Registrar or registered until after the Expiration of Seven Days after the Day of the Entry of such Notice as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever a Marriage shall not be had within Three Calendar Months after the Notice shall have been so entered by the Superintendent Registrar, the Notice and Certificate, and any Licence which may have been granted thereupon, and all other Proceedings thereupon, shall be utterly void; and no Person shall proceed to solemnize the Marriage, nor shall any Registrar register the same, until new Notice shall have been given, and Entry made, and Certificate thereof given, at the Time and in the Manner aforesaid.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

515

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Superintendent's Certificate, or, in case the Parties shall have given Notice to the Superintendent of different Districts, the Certificate of each Superintendent, shall be delivered to the Officiating Minister, if the Marriage shall be solemnized according to the Rites of the Church of 1England; and the said Certificate or Licence shall be delivered to the Registering Officer of the People called Quakers for the Place where the Marriage is solemnized, if the same shall be solemnized according to the Usages of the said People; or to the Officer of a Synagogue by whom the Marriage is registered, if the same shall be solemnized according to the Usages of Persons professing the Jewish Religion; and in all other Cases shall be delivered to the Registrar present at the Marriage, as herein-after provided.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Superintendent Registrar of any Union, Parish, or Place, subject to the Approval of the Board of Guardians thereof, to appoint by Writing under his Hand such Person or Persons as he may think fit, with such Qualifications as the Registrar General, by any general Rule, may declare to be necessary, to be a Registrar or Registrars for the Purpose of being present at Marriages to be solemnized by virtue of this Act at which the Presence of a Registrar is made necessary, and every such Registrar of Marriages shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Superintendent Registrar by whom he was appointed, or of the Registrar General.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That any Proprietor or Trustee of a separate Building, certified according to Law as a Place of Religious Worship, may apply to the Superintendent Registrar of the District, in order that such Building may be registered for Solemnizing Marriages therein, and in such Case shall deliver to the Superintendent Registrar a Certificate, signed in Duplicate by Twenty Householders at the least, that such Building has been used by them during One Year at the least as their usual Place of public Religious Worship, and that they are desirous that such Place should be registered as aforesaid, each of which Certificates shall be countersigned by the Proprietor or Trustee by whom the Bame shall be delivered; and the Superintendent Registrar shall send both Certificates to the Register General, who shall register such Building accordingly in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the General Register Office; and the Registrar General shall indorse on both Certificates the Date of the Registry, and shall keep one Certificate with the other Records of the General Register Office, and shall return the other Certificate to the Superintendent Registrar, who shall keep the same with the other Records of his Office; and the Superintendent Registrar shall enter the Date of the Registry of such Building in a Book to be furnished to him for that Purpose by the Registrar General, and shall give a Certificate of such Registry under his Hand, on Parchment or Vellum, to the Proprietor or Trustee by whom the Certificates are countersigned, and shall give public Notice of the Registry thereof by Advertisement in some Newspaper circulating within the County, and in the London Gazette; and for every such Entry, Certificate, and Publication the Superintendent Re-

L 1 2 gistrar

Superintenden t Registrar's Certificate or Licence to be delivered to the Person by or before whom the Marriage is solemnised.

Superintendent Registrar may appoint Registrars of Mar -riages.

Places of Wor ship may be registered for solemnising Marriages therein.

516

C. 85.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

On Removal of the same Congregation the new Place of Worship may be immediately registered, instead of the one disused.

Marriages may be solemnized in such registered Places, in the Presence of some Registrar and of TVo Witnesses.

gistrar shall receive at the Time of the Delivery to him of the Certificates the Sum of Three Pounds.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if at any Time subsequent to the Registry of any Building for solemnizing Marriages therein it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Registrar General that such Building has been disused for the public Religious Worship of the Congregation on whose Behalf it was registered as aforesaid, the Registrar General shall cause the Registry thereof to be cancelled; provided that if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Registrar General that the same Congregation use instead thereof some other such Building for the Purpose of public Religious Worship, the Registrar General may substitute and register such new Place of Worship instead of the disused Building, although such new Place of Worship may not have been used for that Purpose during One Year then next preceding; and every Application for cancelling the Registry of any such Building, or for such Substitution and Registry of a substituted Building, shall be made to the Registrar General by or through the Superintendent Registrar of the District; and such Cancel or Substitution, when made, shall be made known by the Registrar General to the Superintendent Registrar, who shall enter the Fact and the Date thereof in the Book provided for the Registry of such Buildings, and shall certify and publish such Cancel or Substitution and Registry in manner herein-before provided in the Case of the original Registry of the disused Building; and for every such Substitution the Superintendent Registrar shall receive, at the Time of the Delivery of the Certificate from the Party requiring the Substitution, the Sum of Three Pounds; and after such Cancel or Substitution shall have been made by the Registrar General it shall not be lawful to solemnize any Marriage in such disused Building, unless the same shall be again registered in the Manner herein-before provided.

XX. And be it enacted, That after the Expiration of the said

Period of Twenty-one Days, or of Seven Days if the Marriage is by Licence, Marriages may be solemnized in the registered Building stated as aforesaid in the Notice of such Marriage, between and by the Parties described in the Notice and Certificate, according to such Form and Ceremony as they may see fit to adopt: Provided nevertheless, that every such Marriage shall be solemnized with open Doors, between the Hours of Eight and Twelve in the Forenoon, in the Presence of some Registrar of the District in which such registered Building is situate, and of Two or more credible Witnesses; provided also, that in some Part of the Ceremony, and in the Presence of such Registrar and Witnesses, each of the Parties shall declare,

I do solemnly declare, That I know not of any lawful Impediment why I A.B. may not be joined in Matrimony to c.n:

And each of the Parties shall say to the other,

4 I call upon these Persons here present to witness that I ' A.B. do take thee C.D. to be my lawful wedded Wife for Husband] '

Provided

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

517

Provided also, that there be no lawful Impediment to the Marriage of such Parties.

XXI. And be it enacted, That any Persons who shall object to marry under the Provisions of this Act in any such registered Building may, after due Notice and Certificate issued as aforesaid, contract and solemnize Marriage at the Office and in the Presence of the Superintendent Registrar and some Registrar of the District, and in the Presence of Two Witnesses, with open Doors, and between the Hours aforesaid, making the Declaration and using the Form of Words herein-before provided in the Case of Marriage in any such registered Building.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar shall be entitled for every Marriage which shall be solemnized under this Act in his Presence to have from the Parties married the Sum of Ten Shillings if the Marriage shall be by Licence, and otherwise the Sum of Five Shillings.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar shall forthwith register every Marriage solemnized in manner aforesaid in his Presence in a Marriage Register Book to be furnished to him for that Purpose from Time to Time by the Registrar General, according to the Form provided for the Registration of Marriages by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, the Cost of which shall be defrayed in like Manner as the Cost of providing Register Books of Births and Deaths; and every Entry of such Marriage shall be signed by the Person by or before whom the Marriage shall have been solemnized, if there shall be any such Person, and by the Registrar, and also by the Parties married, and attested by Two Witnesses; and every such Entry shall be made in Order from the Beginning to the End of the Book.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in every Year, on such Days as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, within One Calendar Month next after the First Day of April, the First Day of July, the First Day of October, and the First Day of January respectively, every Registrar shall make and deliver to the Superintendent Registrar of his District a true Copy, certified by him under his Hand, according to t he Form of Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, of all the Entries of Marriage in the Register Book kept by him since the last Delivery, and the Superintendent Registrar shall verify the same, and if found to be correct shall certify the same under his Hand to be a true Copy; and if there shall have been no Marriage registered since the Delivery of the last certified Copy, the Registrar shall certify the Fact, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar as aforesaid, and counter-signed by him; and the Registrar shall keep safely the said Register Book until it shall be filled, and shall then deliver it to the Superintendent Registrar to be kept by him with the Records of his Office.

XXV. And be it enacted, That after any Marriage shall have been solemnized it shall not be necessary in support of such Marriage to give any Proof of the actual Dwelling of either of the Parties previous to the Marriage within the District wherein such Marriage was solemnized for the Time required by this Act, or of

L1 3 the

Marriages may be celebrated... before the Superintendent Registrar.

Marriage Fees to the Registrar.

Registrar to register all Marriages solemnized before him in Books to be sent by the Registrar General. 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 86.

Copies of the Marriage Register Book to be given quarterly to the Superintendent Registrar.

Proof of Residence of Parties, or Consent, not necessary to establish the Marriage.

MB

Bishops, with Consent of Patrons, may license Chapels for the Solemnization of Marriages in populous Places.

Appropriation of Fees on Marriages performed in such Chapels.

C. 85. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

the Consent of any Person whose Consent thereunto is required by Law; nor shall any Evidence be given to prove the contrary in any Suit touching the Validity of such Marriage.

XXVI. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made, under proper Restrictions, for relieving the Inhabitants of populous Districts remote from the Parish Church, or from

any Chapel wherein Marriages may be lawfully celebrated according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England,

from the Inconvenience to which they may be thereby subjected

in the Solemnization of their Marriages be it therefore enacted, That, with the Consent under the Hand and Seal of the Patron and Incumbent respectively of the Church of the Parish or District in which may be situated any public Chapel with or without a Chapelry thereunto annexed, or any Chapel duly licensed for the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, or any Chapel the Minister whereof is duly licensed to officiate therein according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, or without such Con* sent after Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing given by the Registrar of the Diocese to such Patron and Incumbent respectively, the Bishop of the Diocese may, if he shall think it necessary for the due Accommodation and Convenience of the Inhabitants, authorize by a Licence under his Hand; and Seal the Solemnization of Marriages in any such Chapel for Persons rending within a District the Limits whereof shall be specified in the Bishop's Licence, and under sach Provisions as to die Amount, Appropriation, or Apportionment of the Dues, and as to other Particulars, as to the said Bishop may seem fit, and as may be specified in the said Licence; provided that it shall be lawful for any Patron or Incumbent who shall refuse or withhold Consent to the Grant of any such Licence to deliver to the Bishop, under his or her Hand and Seal, a Statement of the Reasons for which such Consent shall have been so refused or withholden; and no such Licence shall be granted by any Bishop until he shall have inquired into the Matter of such Reasons; and every Instrument of Consent of the Patron and Incumbent, or, if such Consent be refused or withhplden, a Copy of the Notice under the Hand of the Registrar, and every Statement of Reasons alleged as aforesaid by the Patron or Incumbent, with the Bishop's Adjudication thereupon under his Hand and Seal, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese; and thenceforth and until the said Licence be revoked Marriages solemnized in such Chapel shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been solemnized in the Parish Church, or in any Chapel where Marriages might heretofore have been legally solemnized.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Fees, Dues, and other Emoluments on account of the Solemnization of Marriages which belong to the Incumbent or Clerk respectively of any Church or Chapel in any Parish or District within which the Solemnization of Marriages shall be authorized as aforesaid shall respectively be received, until the Avoidance of such Church or Chapel next after the passing of this Act, for and on account of such Incumbent, and, until the Vacancy in the Office of Clerk next after the passing

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

519

of this Act, for and on account of such Clerk, and be paid over to them, except such Portion of the Fees, Dues, or other Emoluments as the said Bishop of the Diocese, with the Consent of the said Incumbent and Clerk respectively, shall in such aforesaid Licence assign to the Minister and Clerk respectively of the Chapel in which the Solemnization of Marriages shall be authorised as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop in and by such Licence, without any such Consent, to declare that from and after such next Avoidance or Vacancy respectively the Whole or such Part of the Fees, Dues, and other Emoluments on account of the Solemnization of Marriages in such last-mentioned Chapel as shall be specified in such Licence, shall be receivable, and the same shall thenceforth be received by or for the Minister and Clerk of such Chapel respectively.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the said Bishop shall authorize the Solemnization of Marriages in any such Chapel as aforesaid, without the Consent under the Hand and Seal of the Patron and Incumbent respectively, it shall be lawful for them or either of them to appeal within One Calendar Month to the Archbishop of the Province, who shall hear the same in a summary Manner, and shall make such Order confirming, revoking, or varying the Licence so given as to him shall seem meet and expedient, which Order shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties whatsoever *

XXIX. And be it enacted, That there shall be placed in some conspicuous Part in the Interior of every Chapel in respect of which such Licence shall be given as aforesaid a Notice in the Words following: " Marriages may be solemnized in this Chapel ".

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Provisions which shall from Time to Time be in force relative to Marriages, and to providing, keeping, and transmitting Register Books and Copies of Registers of Marriages solemnized in any Parish Church, shall extend to any Chapel in which the Solemnization of Marriages shall be authorized as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the same were a Parish Church, and every thing required by Law to be done relating thereto by the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Churchwardens respectively of any Parish Church shall be done by the Officiating Minister, Chapelwarden, or other Person exercising analogous Duties in such Chapel respectively.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid to solemnize Marriages in any such Chapel, the Parties may, if they think fit, have their Marriage solemnized in the Parish Church, or in any Chapel in which heretofore the Marriage of such Parties or either of them might have been legally solemnized.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That any such Licence or Order may at any Time be revoked by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop of the Diocese, with the Consent in Writing of the Archbishop of the Province; and such Revocation and Consent shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, the Registrar whereof shall notify the same in Writing to the Minister officiating in the Chapel, and shall also give public Notice thereof by

L 1 4 Adver-

Patron or Incumbent may appeal to the Archbishop against such Licence*.

Notice of such Licences to be affixed in Chapels.

Marriages performed in such Chapels to be under the aune Regulations as those performed in Parish Churches.

Option to Parties to be married at Parish Church.

Bishop, with Consent of Archbishop, may revoke such Licences;

C. 85.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

in which Cue Registers to be sent to the Incumbent of th» Parish Church.

Registrars of Dioceses to send to the Register Office, yearly, Lists of licensed Chapels within their Districts.

List of all Chapels and Buildings registered to be printed.

Marriages under this Act cognizable.

Registrar may ask certain Particulars of Parties.

Advertisement in some Newspaper circulating within the County and in the London Gazette, and thenceforth the Authority to solemnize Marriages in such Chapel shall cease and determine.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Revocation of the Licence to solemnize Marriages in any such Chapel all Registers of Marriages solemnized therein under such Licence which shall be in the Custody or Possession of the Minister of such Chapel at the Time of such Revocation shall forthwith be transmitted to the Incumbent or Officiating Minister of the Parish Church, and shall thenceforth be preserved, and in all other respects dealt with in the same Manner, and be of the same Force and Validity, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been originally made and deposited with such Incumbent or Officiating Minister; and that such Incumbent or Minister shall, when he next transmits to the Superintendent Registrar Copies of the Registers of Marriages solemnized in such Parish Church, also therewith transmit Copies of all'such Entries as shall have been made in such first-mentioned Registers subsequent to the Date of the last Entry a Copy whereof was transmitted to the Superintendent Registrar, and shall also transmit to him One Copy of every Register Book so transmitted to him of which no Copy shall have been already transmitted to the Superintendent Registrar, having first signed his Name at the Foot of the last Entry therein.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of every Diocese shall within Fifteen Days after the said First Day of March, and also within Fifteen Days after the First Day of January in every succeeding Year, make out and send through the Post Office, directed to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, at his Office, a List of all4 Chapels belonging to the Church of England within that Diocese wherein Marriages may lawfully be solemnized according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and shall distinguish in such List which have a Parish, Chapelry, or other recognized Ecclesiastical Division annexed to them, and which are Chapels licensed by the Bishop under this; Act, and shall state therein the District for which each of such Chapels is licensed according to the Description thereof in the Licence; and the Registrar General shall in every Year make out and cause to be printed a List of all such Chapels, and also of all Places of Public Worship registered under the Provisions of this Act, and shall state in such List the County and Registrars District within which each Chapel or registered Building is situated, and shall add also the Names and Places of Abode of the Registrars and Deputy Registrars of each District, and of the Superintendent Registrars; and a Copy of such List shall be sent to every Registrar and Superintendent Registrar.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Marriage solemnized under this Act shall be good and cognizable in like Manner as Marriages before the passing of this Act according to the Rites of the Church of England.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Registrar before whom any Marriage is solemnized according to the Provisions of this Act to ask of the Parties to be married the

521

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.&5.

several Particulars required to be registered touching such Marriage.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall Persons rexa-enter a Caveat with the Superintendent Registrar against the tiously «tfering Grant of any Licence or Issue of any Certificate on Grounds

which the Registrar General shall declare to be frivolous, and that {L they ought not to obstruct the Grant of the Licence, shall be liable for the Costs of the Proceedings, and for Damages to be recovered in a special Action upon the Case by the Party against whose Marriage such Caveat shall have been entered.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall Persons knowingly and wilfully make any false Declaration or sign any Dcclsn-false Notice or Certificate required by this Act, for the Purpose of dons, &c. guilty procuring any Marriage, and every Person who shall forbid the of Pe*3ul7-Issue of any Superintendent Registrar's Certificate, by falsely representing himself or herself to be a Person whose Consent to

such Marriage is required by Law, knowing such Representation to be false, shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who after the Persons unduly said First Day of March shall knowingly and wilfully solemnize solemnising any Marriage in England^ except by Special Licence, in any Marriage guilty other Place than a Church or Chapel in which Marriages may be Felony, solemnized according to the Rites of the Church of England, or

than the registered Building or Office specified in the Notice and Certificate as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony (except, in the Case of a Marriage betweed Two of the Society or Friends commonly called Quakers, according to the Usages of the said Society, or between Two Persons professing the Jewish Religion, according to the Usages of the Jews); and every Person who in any such registered Building or Office shall knowingly and wilfully solemnize any Marriage in the Absence of a Registrar of the District in which such registered Building or Office is situated shall be guilty of Felony; and every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully solemnize any Marriage in England after the said First Day of March (except by Licence) within Twenty-one Days after the Entry of the Notice to the Superintendent Registrar as aforesaid, or if the Marriage is by Licence within Seven Days after such Entry, or after Three Calendar Months after such Entry, shall be guilty of Felony.

XL. And be it enacted, That every Superintendent Registrar Superintendent who shall knowingly and wilfully issue any Certificate for Marriage Registrar! un-after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Notice duly issuing shall have been entered by him as aforesaid, or any Certificate for Marriage by Licence before the Expiration of Seven Days after ° e' the Entry of the Notice, or any Certificate for Marriage without Licence before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the Entry of the Notice, or any Certificate the Issue of which shall have been forbidden as aforesaid by any Person authorized to forbid the Issue of the Registrar's Certificate, or who shall knowingly and wilfully register any Marriage herein declared to be null and void, and every Registrar who shall knowingly and wilfully issue any Licence for Marriage after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Notice shall have been entered by the Registrar

as

C. 85.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183f.

Limitation of Provocation.

Marriages void if undidjr solemnized with the Knowledge of both Parties.

4 0.4. C. 76.

In Cases of \ fraudulent | Marriages, thd guilty Party . to forfeit all j Property ae- I cruing from the Marriage, as I in 4 G. 4.0.76.

Provisions of Registry Act extended to this Act.

Extent of Act

an aforesaid, or who shall knowingly and wilfully solemnize in his Office any Marriage herein declared to be null and void, shall be guilty of Felony.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every Prosecution under this Act shall be commenced within the Space of Three Yean after the Offence committed.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Persons shall knowingly and wilfully intermarry after the said First Day of March under the Provisions of this Act in any Place other than the Church, Chapel, registered Building, or Office or other Place specified in the Notice and Certificate as aforesaid, or without due Notice to the Superintendent Registrar, or without Certificate of Notice duly issued, or without Licence, in case a Licence is necessary under this Act, or in the Absence of a Registrar or Superintendent Registrar where the Presence of a Registrar or Superintendent Registrar is necessary under this Act, the Marriage of such Persons, except in any Case herein-after excepted, shall be null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to annul any Marriage legally solemnized according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any^yalid Marriage shall be had under the Provisions of this Act by means of any wilfully false Notice, Certificate, or Declaration made by either Party to such Marriage, as to any Matter to which a Notice, Certificate, or Declaration is herein required, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General to sue for a Forfeiture of all Estate and Interest in any Property accruing to the offending Party by sqch Marriage; and the Proceedings thereupon and Consequences thereof shall be the same as are provided in the like Case with regard to Marriages solemnized by Licence before the passing of this Act according to the Rites of the Church of England.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be taken to be Part of the said Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, as fully and effectually as if incorporated therewith, and that all the Provisions and Penalties of the said Act relating to any Registrar or Register of Marriages, or certified Copies thereof, shall be taken to extend to the Registrars and Registers of Marriages to be solemnized under this Act, and to the certified Copies thereof, so far as the same are applicable thereunto.

XLV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to England^ and shall not extend to the Marriage of any of the Royal Family.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Notice of Marriage.

To the Registrar of the District of Hendon in the County of Middlesex.

I hereby give you Notice, That a Marriage is intended to be had, within Three Calendar Months from the Date hereof, between me and the other Party herein named, and described; (that is to say,)

Name. Condition. Rank or Profession. Age. Duelling Place. Length of Residence. Church or Building in Which Marriage is to be solemnised. District and County in which the other Party resides when the Parties dwell in different Districts.

James Smith Widower Carpenter Of full Age 16, High Street - 23 Days Sion Chapel, West Street, Tonbridge* Kent.

Martha Green Spinster - Minor Grove Farm - More than a Month. Hendon, Middlesex,

Witness my Hand this Sixth Day of May 1857.

(Signed) James Smith.

[The Italics in this Schedule to be filled up as the Case may be.]

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

No. 14.

SCHEDULE (B.) Registrar's Certificate.

I John Cox, Registrar of the District of Stepney in the County of Middlesex, do hereby certify, That on the Sixth Day of May Notice was duly entered in the Marriage Notice Book of the said District of the Marriage intended between the Parties therein named and described, delivered under the Hand of James Smith, One of the Parties; (that is to say,)

Name. Condition. Rank or Condition. Age. Dwelling Place. Length of Residence. Church or Building in which Marriage if to be solemnised. District and County in which the other Party dwelb where the Parties dwell in different Districts.

James Smith Widower Carpenter Of full Age 16, High Street 23 Days Sion Chapel, West Street, Tonbridge, Kent.

Martha Green Spinster - Minor Grove Farm More than a Month. Stepney, Middlesex.

Date of Notice entered \

6th May 1857. (The Issue of this Certificate has not been forbidden by any Person authorized to forbid the Issue

Date of Certificate given j thereof.

27th May 1857.]

Witness my Hand this Twenty-seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

(Signed) John Cox,

Registrar.

This Certificate will be void unless the Marriage is solemnized on or before the Sixth Day 0/ August 1857.

[The Italics in this Schedule to be filled up as the Case may be.]

C. 85. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 85.

525

SCHEDULE (C.)

Licence of Marriage.

A.Bn Superintendent Registrar of to CD.

of and E.F. of sendeth

greeting.

Whereas ye are minded, as it is said, to enter into a Contract of Marriage under the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Tide of this Act], and are desirous that the same may be speedily and publicly solemnized: And whereas you CD.

[or you EF.] have made and subscribed a Declaration under your Hand that you believe there is no Impediment of Kindred or Alliance or other lawful Hindrance to the said Marriage, and that you CD.

[or E.F.] have [or has] had your [or his or her] usual Place of Abode for the Space of Fifteen Days last past within the District of [], and that you CJ).

[or

E.F.] not being a Widower [or Widow], are [or is] under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and that the Consent of G.ff. whose Consent to your [or his or her] Marriage is required by Law, has been obtained thereto [or that there is no Person having Authority to give such Consent]: I do hereby grant unto you full Licence, according to the Authority in that Behalf given to me by the said Act, to proceed to solemnize such Marriage, and to the Registrar of the District of [here insert the Name of the District in which the Marriage is to be solemnized] to register such Marriage according to Law; provided that the said Marriage be publicly solemnized in the Presence of the said Registrar and of Two Witnesses within Three Calendar Months from the [here insert the Date of the Entry in the Notice Book of the Superintendent Registrar], in the [here describe the Building in which the Marriage is to be solemnized], between the Hours of Eight and Twelve in the Fore noon. Given under my Hand this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) AD.

Superintendent Registrar.

SCHEDULE (D.)

I John Cox, Registrar of the District of Stepney in the County of Middlesex, do hereby certify, That this is a true Copy of the Entries of Marriage registered in the said District from the Entry of the Marriage of John Wood and Ann Simpson, Number One, to the Entry of the Marriage of James Smith and Martha Green, Number Fourteen. Witness my Hand this First Day of July 1857.

(Signed) John Cox,

Registrar.

[The Italics in this Schedule to be filled up as the Case may be.]

CL 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

52 G. S. c. 146.

4 G. 4. C. 76.

So much of recited Acts os relates to Registration of Marriages repealed.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide the Means for a complete Register of the Births, Deaths, and Marriages of His Majesty's Subjects in England: And whereas an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better regulating Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials in England, and also an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England, are insufficient for the Purpose aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the First Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven so much of the said Acts as relates to the Registration of Marriages shall be repealed.

---

[General Registry Office to be provided in London or Westminster.]

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to provide a proper Office in London or Westminster, to be called "The General Register Office," for keeping a Register of all Births, Deaths, and Marriages of His Majesty's Subjects in England, and to appoint for the said Office under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom a Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and from Time to Time at Pleasure remove the said Registrar General, and appoint some other Person in his Room.

[Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to appoint Officers and fix Salary.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, or the Registrar General, subject to the Approval of the said Lords Commissioners, shall appoint from Time to Time such Officers, Clerks, and Servants as they shall deem necessary to carry on the Business of the General Registry Office, and at Pleasure remove them or any of them; and the said Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners shall fix the Salary of the Registrar General, so that the same shall not at any time exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds yearly, and shall fix the Salaries of the Officers, Clerks, and Servants in fit Proportion according to the Duties they may have to perform.

[Salaries to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund.]

IV. And be it enacted, That the Salaries of the Registrar General, and of the said Officers, Clerks, and Servants, and the Amount of the Sums herein-after provided to be paid to the Superintendent Registrars for every Entry in the certified Copies of the Registers, and all Expences of carrying on the Business of the General Registry Office not herein otherwise provided for, shall be paid by the said Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

---

[Regulations for Conduct of Officers to be frameded under

V. And be it enacted, That One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Registrar General with the Approbation of such Principal Secretary, from Time to Time may make

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 86. 527

Regulations for the Management of the said Register Office, and for the Duties of the Registrar General, Clerks, Officers, and Servants of the said Office, and of the Registrars, Deputy Registrars, and Superintendent Registrars herein-after mentioned, in the Execution of this Act, so that they be not contrary to the Provisions herein contained; and the Regulations so made and approved shall be binding on the said Registrar General, Clerks, Officers, and Servants, and on the Registrars, Deputy Registrars, and Superintendent Registrars.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall send once in every Year to One of the Principal Secretaries of State a General Abstract of the Numbers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages registered during the foregoing Year, in such Form as the said Secretary from Time to Time shall require; and every such annual General Abstract shall be laid before Parliament within One Month after Receipt thereof, or after the Meeting of Parliament.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Guardians of every Union declared under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, and also of every Parish or Place in which a Board of Guardians shall have been established under the Provisions of the last-named Act, shall, on or before the First X>ay of October in this Year, if the said Board of Guardians shall have been established before the passing of this Act, or within Three Calendar Months next after the Establishment of the Board, if the said Board shall not have been established before the passing of this Act, divide the Union or the Parish or Place of which they are the Guardians into such and so many Districts as they, subject to the Approval of the Registrar General, shall think fit; and every such Division when made shall be published by the Guardians within the Union, Parish, or Place of which they are Guardians, in such Manner as the said Registrar General shall direct; and every such District shall be called by a distinct Name, and shall be a Registrar's District; and the Guardians shall appoint a Person, with such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, to be Registrar of Births and Deaths within each District, and in every Case of Vacancy in the Office of Registrar shall forthwith fill up the Vacancy; and the Clerk to the Guardians of every such Union, Parish, or Place shall, if he shall think fit to accept such Office, and have such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, be the Superintendent Registrar thereof; and in the event of his Refusal or Disqualification to act in that Capacity, the Guardians shall appoint a Person, with such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, to be the Superintendent Registrar of each Union or of such Parish or Place, and in every Case of Vacancy of the Office of Superintendent Registrar shall forthwith fill up the Vacancy; and every Registrar and Superintendent Registrar shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Registrar General.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Case in which the Clerk to the Guardians of any Union, Parish, or

Place

Direction of Secretary of State.

Annual Abstract of Registers to be laid before Parliament.

Districts to be formed, and Registrars and Superintendent Registrars to be appointed. 4A5W.4tC. 76.

Officers of Unions, &c. being disr

C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

a.d:i8S6.

by Guardians, &c. to cease to act under this Act

Register Offices to be provided in each Union. '

Temporary Registrars and Superintendent Registrars to be appointed for Parishes not under the Poor Law Act

In case of subsequent Unions ptcvious Appointments to be vacated.

Place, or any other Officer of any such Union, Parish, or Place, shall hold any Office under this Act, and shall be removed by the Poor Law Commissioners from his Office in such Union, Parish, or Place, and in (every Case in which any Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall be removed by the Registrar General from his Office under this Act, Notice of such Removal shall be forthwith given by Advertisement in some Newspaper circulating in the County wherein the District for which such Officer may act shall be; and every such Person shall thenceforth cease to hold his Office under this Act, and shall be incapable of being re-appointed thereto: Provided also, that the Appointment of any Officer of any such Union, Parish, or Place to any Office under this Act shall be subject to the Approval of the Poor Law Commissioners, except as herein-before directed with respect to the Clerk to Guardians of any such Union, Parish, or Place.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Guardians shall provide and uphold, out of the Monies coming to their Hands or Control as such Guardians, a Register Office, according to a Plan to be approved by the Registrar General, for preserving the Registers to be deposited therein, as herein-after provided; and the Care of the said Office and the Custody of the Registers deposited therein shall be given to the Superintendent Registrar of the Union or Parish or Place having a Board of Guardians as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That the Poor Law Commissioners for England and Wales shall, as soon as may be after the said First Day of October, form all the Parishes, Townships, and Places in England, in or for which a Board of Guardians shall not have been then established under the Provisions of the said Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor, into temporary Districts, having Regard in the Formation thereof to the Boundaries of Parishes and Townships, and shall appoint a Registrar to each of such temporary Districts, subject to being displaced as herein-after provided; and the Registrar General shall appoint a sufficient Number of fit Persons to be Superintendent Registrars for such temporary Districts, subject to being displaced as hereinafter provided, and shall appoint the Districts which each shall superintend.

XI. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which a Board of Guardians shall be established under the Provisions of the said Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor, in or for any Parish, Township, or Place forming Part of any temporary District in or for which a Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall have been previously appointed as last aforesaid, and as soon as a Registrar or Registrars shall have been appointed for the Districts into which the Guardians shall have divided the Union or Parish or Place of which they are Guardians as aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Guardians of such Union, Parish, or Place shall have accepted the Office of Superintendent Registrar, or the said Guardians shall have appointed a Superintendent Registrar for such Districts, in like Manner as in the Unions formed before the passing of this Act, every such Parish or Place shall cease to be a Part of the temporary District to which it was so annexed by the Poor Law Commissioners, and every Registrar, Deputy

C. 86. A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. 529

Registrar, and Superintendent Registrar appointed before the Election of such Board of Guardians as aforesaid in or for such Parish, Township, or Place shall cease to hold their respective Offices, so far as relates to such Parish, Township, or Place, unless re-appointed.

XII. And be it enacted, That for every District for which a Registrar of Births and Deaths shall be appointed by the Guardians as aforesaid the Registrar shall have Power, subject to the Approval of such Guardians, and for every District for which a Registrar shall be appointed by the said Poor Law Commissioners, such Registrar shall have Power, subject to the Approval of such Commissioners, to appoint by Writing under his Hand a fit Person to act as his Deputy in case of the Illness or unavoidable Absence of such Registrar; and every such Deputy Registrar whilst so acting shall have all the Powers and Duties and be subject to all the Provisions and Penalties herein declared concerning Registrars, and in case of the Death of the Registrar shall act as Registrar until another Registrar is appointed; and every Registrar shall be civilly responsible for the Acts or Omissions of his Deputy.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Appointments of Registrars, Deputy Registrars, and Superintendent Registrars, and the Duplicates and certified Copies of Registers herein-after mentioned, shall be exempt from all Stamp Duties.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall furnish to every Superintendent Registrar, for the Use of the Registrars under his Superintendence, a sufficient Number of strong Iron Boxes to hold the Register Books to be kept by such Registrar; and every such Box shall be furnished with a Lock and Two Keys, and no more; and one of such Keys shall be kept by the Registrar, and the other Key shall be kept by the Superintendent Registrar; and the Register Books of each District, while in the Custody of the Registrar and not in use, shall be always kept in the Register Box, and the Register Box shall always be left locked.

XV. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall be removed from or cease to hold the said Office, all Register Boxes, Keys, Books, Documents. and Papers in his Possession as such Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall be given as soon as conveniently may be to his Successor in Office; and if any Person shall refuse to give up any such Box, Key, Books, Documents, or Papers in such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or other Jurisdiction where such Person shall be or reside, upon Application made for that Purpose, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for bringing such Person before any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or other Jurisdiction, and upon such Person appearing, or not being found, it shall be lawful for such Justices to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if it shall appear to the Justices that any such Box, Key, Books, Documents, or Papers are in the Custody or Power of any such Person, and that he has refused or wilfully neglected to deliver the same, the said Justices are hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-

6 & 7 Gul. IV. M m rection

Deputy Registrars to be appointed.

Appointments exempt from Stamp Duties.

Register Boxes to be provided.

All Books, &c. to be transferred on Removal of Registrar.

580

C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Registrar and Deputy to dwell In the District, and their Names and Additions to be put on their Houses.

Register Books to be provided.

Registrars to register Births and Deaths.

rection for the said County or Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail until he shall have delivered up the same, or until Satisfaction shall have been given in respect thereof to the Person in whose Custody the same ought to be; and the said Justices may grant a Warrant to search for such Box, Key, Books, Documents, or Papers, as in the Case of stolen Goods, in any Dwelling House or other Premises in which any credible Witness shall prove upon Oath before them that there is reasonable Cause to suspect the same to be; and the same when found shall be delivered to the Person in whose Custody they ought to be.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Registrar and Deputy Registrar shall dwell within the District of which he is Registrar or Deputy Registrar, and shall cause his Name, with the Addition of Registrar or Deputy Registrar (as the Case may be) for the District for which he shall be so appointed to be placed in some conspicuous Place on or near the outer Door of his own Dwelling House; and the Superintendent Registrar shall cause to be printed and published in the Districts which he shall superintend a List of the Name and Place of Abode of every Registrar and Deputy Registrar under his Superintendence.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall cause to be printed on account of the said Register Office a sufficient Number of Register Books for making Entries of ail Births, Deaths, and Marriages of His Majesty's Subjects in England, according to the Forms of Schedules (A.) (B.) (C.) to this Act annexed; and the said Register Books shall be of durable Materials, and in them shall be printed upon each Side of every Leaf the Heads of Information herein required to be known and registered of Births, Deaths, and Marriages respectively; and every Page of each of such Books shall be numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End, beginning with Number One; and every Place of Entry ^shall be also numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of the Book, beginning with Number One; and every Entry shall be divided from the following Entry by a printed Line.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall furnish to every Superintendent Registrar, for the Use of the Registrars under his Superintendence, a sufficient Number of Register Books of Births and of Register Books of Deaths, and of R»rms for certified Copies thereof, as herein-after provided, at a reasonable Price, to be fixed from Time to Time by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Cost whereof shall be borne by the Union, Parish, or Place in or for which the Superintendent Registrar is appointed, and shall be paid by the Guardians or by the Churchwardens and Overseers (as the Case may be) , otft of the Monies coming to their Hands or Control as such Guardians or Churchwardens and Overseers, to the Registrar, and shall be accounted for by him to the Registrar General; and every Registrar shall be authorized and is hereby required to inform himself carefully of every Birth and every Death which shall happen within his District after the said First Day of March, and to learn and register as soon after the Event as conveniently may be done, without Fee or Reward save as herein-after mentioned, in One of the said Books, the Particulars required to be registered according to

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 86.

531

the Forms in the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) respectively

touching every such Birth or every such Death, as the Case may

be, which shall not have been already registered, every such Entry being made in Order from the Beginning to the End of the Book.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Father or Mother of any

Child born, or the Occupier of every House or Tenement in England in which any Birth or Death shall happen after the said First Day of March, may, within Forty-two Days next after the Day of such Birth or within Five Days after the Day of such

Death respectively, give Notice of such Birth or Death to the

Registrar of the District; and in case any new-born Child or any dead Body shall be found exposed, the Overseers of the Poor in the Case of the new-born Child, and the Coroner in the Case of the dead Body, shall forthwith give Notice and Information thereof, and of the Place where such Child or dead Body was found, to the Registrar; and for the Purposes of this Act the Master or Keeper of every Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, or Work-house, Hospital, or Lunatic Asylum, or public or charitable Institution, shall be deemed the Occupier thereof.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Father or Mother of every Child born in England after the said First Day of March, or in case of the Death, Illness, Absence, or Inability of the Father and Mother, the Occupier of the House or Tenement in which such Child shall have been born, shall, within Forty-two Days next after the Day of every such Birth, give Information, upon being requested so to do, to the said Registrar, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, of the several Particulars hereby required to be known and registered touching the Birth of such Child.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Child of an English Parent shall be born at Sea on board of a British Vessel, the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Vessel on board of which the said Child shall have been born shall forthwith make a Minute of the several Particulars herein-before required to be inserted in the Register touching the Birth of such Child, so far as the same may be known, and the Name of the Vessel wherein the Birth took place, and shall, on the Arrival of such Vessel in any Port of the United Kingdom, or by any other sooner Opportunity, send a Certificate of the said Minute through the Post Office to the Registrar General, who shall file the same, and enter a Cfopy thereof under his Hand in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in "The General Register Office", to be called the "Marine Register Book", and shall keep the said Book with the other Registers, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That after the Expiration of Forty-two Days following the Day of the Birth of any Child it shall not be lawful for any Registrar to register such Birth, save as herein-after is next mentioned; provided that, in case the Birth of any Child shall not have been registered according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, it shall be lawful for any Person present at the Birth of such Child, or for the Father or Guardian thereof, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after the Birth, to make a solemn Declaration of the Particulars required to be known touch-

M m 2 ing

Parents or Occupiers of Houses in which Births or Deaths happen, and Orerseers and Coroners in Cases of Foundlings or exposed dead Bodies, to give Notice to the Registrar.

Parent or Occupier of House required to give Particulars of Birth so far m knoarn.

Registry of Children born at Sea.

As to Registry after the Expiration of 42 Days from the Birth of the Child.

534

-C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

No dead Body to be buried without Certificate of Registry or of Inquest, Penalty, 102.

Register to be signed by the Informant.

Registrars to make out Accounts quarterly.

Cunrdians or Overseers to pay Registrars.

Marriage Register Books to be provided.

Marriage Registers to be kept in Duplicate.

any Funeral or any religious Service for the Burial of any dead Body for which no Certificate shall have been duly made and delivered as aforesaid, either by the Registrar or Coroner, and who shall not within Seven Days give Notice thereof to the Registrar, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person by whom the Information contained in any Register of Birth or Death under this Act shall have been given shall sign his Name, Description, and Place of Abode in the Register; and no Register of Birth or Death according to this Act shall be given in Evidence which shall not be signed by some Person professing to be the Informant, and to be such Party as is herein required' to give such Information to the Registrar.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times in every Year of the Number of Births and Deaths which he shall have registered since the last quarterly Account, and the Superintendent Registrar shall verify and sign the same; and the Guardians or Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place in or for which he shall be Registrar, on Production of the said Account so verified and signed, shall pay to the said Registrar, out of the Monies in their Hands or Power as such Guardians or Overseers, [such Sums as he shall be entitled to receive on the said Account according to the following Scale; (that is to say,) for the first Twenty Entries of Births and Deaths in every Year which he shall have registered, whether the same be of Births or of Deaths indiscriminately, Two Shilling* and Sixpence each, and One Shilling for every subsequent Entry of Births or Deaths in each Year; and in the Case of an Union the said several Sums shall be charged to the Account of the Parishes in which such Births or Deaths respectively shall have occurred.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Rector, Vicar, or Curate of every Church and Chapel in England wherein Marriages may lawfully be solemnized, and also to every Person whom the Recording Clerk of the Society of Friends commonly called Quakers* at their Central Office in London, shall from Time to Time certify in Writing under his Hand to the Registrar General1 to be a Registering Officer in England of the said Society, and also to every Person whom the President for the Time being of the London Committee of Deputies of the British Jews shall from Time to Time certify in Writing under his Hand to the Registrar General to be the Secretary of a Synagogue in England of Persons professing the Jewish Religion, a sufficient Number in Duplicate of Marriage Register Books, and Forms for certified Copies thereof, as herein-after provided; and the Cost of all such Books and Forms shall be paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Chapelry out of the Monies in their Hands as such Churchwardens and Overseers, or by the Registering Officer or Secretary respectively to whom the same shall be furnished.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every Clergyman of the Church of England, immediately after every Office of Matrimony solemnized by him, shall register in Duplicate in Two of the Marriage

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. c. 56.

535

Register Books the several Particulars relating to that Marriage according to the Form of the said Schedule (C.); and every such Registering Officer of the Quakers, as soon as conveniently may be after the Solemnization of any Marriage between Two Quakers in the District for which he is Registering Officer, and every such Secretary of a Synagogue, immediately after every Marriage solemnized between any Two Persons professing the Jewish Religion, of whom the Husband shall belong to the Synagogue whereof he is Secretary, shall register or cause to be registered in Duplicate in .Two of the said Marriage Register Books the several Particulars relating to that Marriage according to the Form of the said Schedule (C.); and every such Registering Officer or Secretary, whether he shall or shall not be present at such Marriage, shall satisfy himself that the Proceedings in relation thereto have been conformable to the Usages of the said Society, or of the Persons professing the Jewish Religion, as the Case may be; and every such Entry as herein-before is mentioned (whether made by such Clergyman or by such Registering Officer or Secretary respectively as aforesaid) shall be signed by the Clergyman or by the said Registering Officer or Secretary, as the Case may be, and by the Parties married, and by Two Witnesses, and shall be made in Order from the Beginning to the End of each Book, and the Number of the Place of Entry in each Duplicate Marriage Register Book shall be the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in the Months of April, July, October, and January, on such Days as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, every Registrar shall make, and deliver to the Superintendent Registrar of his District, on durable Materials, a true Copy, certified by him under his Hand, according to the Form of Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, of all the Entries of Births and Deaths in the Register Book kept by him since the last Certificate, the first of such Certificates to be given in the Month of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and to contain all the Entries made up to that Time; and the Superintendent Registrar shall verify the same, and if found to be correct shall certify the same under his Hand to be a true Copy; and if there shall have been no Birth or Death registered since the Delivery of the last Certificate the Registrar shall certify the Fact, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar as aforesaid, and countersigned by him; and the Registrar shall keep safely each of the said Register Books until it shall be filled, and shall then deliver it to the Superintendent Registrar, to be kept by him with the Records of his Office.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Rector, Vicar, or Curate of every such Church and Chapel, and every such Registering Officer and Secretary, shall, in the Months of April} July, October, and January respectively, make and deliver to the Superintendent Registrar of the District in which such Church or Chapel may be situated, or which may be assigned by the Registrar General to such Registering Officer or Secretary, on durable Materials, a true Copy certified by him under his Hand of all the Entries of Marriages in the Register Book kept by him since the last Certificate, the first of such Certificates to be given in the Month of July One

M m 4 thousand

Certified Copies of Registers of Births and Deaths to be sent quarterly, and the Register Books, when filled, to the Superintendent Registrar.

Duplicates and certified Copies of Registers of Marriages to be sent to Superintendent Registrar.

536

C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Superintendent Registrars to send certified Copies of Registers to the General Register Office.

Searches may be made, and Certificates given by the Persons keeping the Registers.

Indexes to be made at the ^oeiintendent

thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and to contain all the Entries made up to that Time, and if there shall have been no Marriage entered therein since the last Certificate, shall certify the Fact under his Hand, and shall keep the said Marriage Register Books safely until the same shall be filled; and one Copy of every such Register Book, when filled, shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar of the District in which such Church or Chapel may be situated, or which shall have been assigned as aforesaid to such Registering Officer or Secretary, and the other Copy of every such Register Book kept by any such Rector, Vicar, or Curate shall remain in the keeping of such Rector, Vicar, or Curate, and shall be kept by him with the Registers of Baptisms and Burials of the Parish or Chapelry within which the Marriages registered therein shall have been solemnized; and the other Copy of every such Register Book of Marriages among the People called Quakers and among Persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively, shall remain under the Care of the said People or Persons respectively, to be kept with their other Registers and Records, and shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be still deemed to be in the keeping of the Registering Officer or Secretary for the Time being respectively.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Superintendent Registrar shall, Four Times in every Year, on such Days as shall be therefore named by the Registrar General, send to the Registrar General all the certified Copies of the Registers of Births, Deaths and Marriages which he shall have so received during the Three Calendar Months, next preceding such quarterly Days of Transmission respectively; and if it shall appear, by Interruption of the regular Progression of Numbers or otherwise, that the Copy of any Part of any Book has not been duly delivered to him, he shall procure, as far as possible, consistently with the Provisions of this Act, that the same may be remedied and supplied; and every such Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Two-pence for every Entry in such certified Copies; and every Superintendent Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times in every Year of the Number of Entries in the certified Copies sent to him during the last Quarter, and the certified Copies so sent to the General Registry Office shall be thereafter kept in the said Office in such Order and Manner as the Registrar General, under the Direction of the Secretary of State, shall think fit, so that the same may be most readily seen and examined.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, or Curate, and every Registrar, Registering Officer, and Secretary, who shall have the keeping for the Time being of any Register Book of Births, Deaths, or Marriages, shall at all reasonable Times allow Searches to be made of any Register Book in his keeping, and shall give a Copy certified under his Hand of any Entry or Entries in the same, on Payment of the Fee herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for every Search extending over a Period not more than One Year the Sum of One Shilling, and Sixpence additional for every additional Year, and the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every single Certificate.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Superintendent Registrar shall cause Indexes of the Register Books in his Office to be made,

and

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 86.

537

and kept with the other Records of his Office; and that every Person shall be entitled at all reasonable Hours to search the said Indexes, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry or Entries in the said Register Books under the Hand of the Superintendent Registrar, on Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for every general Search the Sum of Five Shillings, and for every particular Search the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall cause Indexes of all the said certified Copies of the Registers to be made and kept in the General Register Office; and that every Person shall be entitled, on Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned, to search the said Indexes between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon of every Day, except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry in the said certified Copies of the Registers; and for every general Search of the said Indexes shall be paid the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and for every particular Search the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Registrar General or such other Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose on his Account.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall cause to be made a Seal of the said Register Office, and the Registrar General shall cause to be sealed or stamped therewith all certified Copies of Entries given in the said Office; and all certified Copies of Entries purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the said Register Office shall be received as Evidence of the Birth, Death, or Marriage to which the same relates, without any further or other Proof of such Entry; and no certified Copy purporting to be given in the said Office shall be of any Force or Effect which is not sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Sum received under the Provisions of this Act by or on account of the Registrar General shall be accounted for and paid by the Registrar General, at such Times as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time shall direct, into the Bank of England, to the Credit of His Majesty's Exchequer, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Clergyman of the Church of England who shall solemnize any Marriage in England, and for every Registering Officer of the Quakers, and every Secretary of a Synagogue, after the said First Day of March, to ask of the Parties married the several Particulars herein required to be registered touching such Marriage.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully make or cause to be made, for the Purpose of being inserted in any Register of Birth, Death, or Marriage, any false Statement touching any of the Particulars herein required to be known and registered, shall be subject to the same Pains and Penalties as if he were guilty of Perjury.

Registrar's Office, and Persons allowed to search them.

Indexes to be kept at General Register Office, Searches allowed, and certified Copies given.

Certified Copies given at General Registry Office to be sealed.

Fees for Searches in the General Register Office to be accounted for to the Exchequer. 4; &5W, 4. c. 15.

Clergymen, Sec. may ask Parties married the Particulars required.

Penalty for wilfully giving false Information.

C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty for not' duly registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, or for losing or injuring the Registers.

Penal ty for destroying or falsifying Register Books.

Accidental Errors may be corrected.

Recovery of Penalties.

XLII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall refuse or without reasonable Cause omit to register any Marriage solemnized by him, or which he ought to register, and every Registrar who shall refuse or without reasonable Cause omit to register any Birth or Death of which he shall have had due Notice as aforesaid, and every Person having the Custody of any Register Book, or certified Copy thereof or of any Part thereof, who shall carelessly lose or injure the same, or carelessly allow the same to be injured whilst in his Keeping, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds for every such Offence.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or injure, or cause to be destroyed or injured, any such Register Book, or any Part or certified Copy of any Part thereof^ or shall falsely make or counterfeit, or cause to be falsely made or counterfeited, any Part of any such Register Book or certified Copy thereof, or shall wilfully insert or cause to be inserted in any Register Book or certified Copy thereof any false Entry of any Birth, Death, or Marriage, or shall wilfully give any false Certificate, or shall certify any Writing to be a Copy or Extract of any Register Book, knowing the same Register to be false in any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the Register Office, shall be guilty of Felony.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person charged with the Duty of registering any Birth, Death, or Marriage, who shall discover any Error to have been committed in the Form or Substance of any such Entry, shall be therefore liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid if within One Calendar Month next after the Discovery of such Error, in the Presence of the Parents of the Child whose Birth may have been so registered, or of the Parties married, or of Two Persons attending upon any Person in his or her last Illness whose Death may have been so registered, or in case of the Death or Absence of the respective Parties aforesaid, then in the Presence of the Superintendent Registrar and of Two other credible Witnesses who shall respectively attest the same, he shall correct the erroneous Entry according to the Truth of the Case, by Entry in the Margin, without any Alteration of the original Entry, and shall sign the marginal Entry, and add thereunto the Day of the Month and Year when such Correction [shall be made: Provided also, that in the Case of a Marriage Register he shall make the like marginal Entry, attested in like Manner in the Duplicate Marriage Register Book to be made by him as aforesaid, and in every Case shall make the like Alteration in the certified Copy of the Register Book to be made by him as aforesaid, or in case such certified Copy shall have been already made, provided he shall make and deliver in like Manner a separate certified Copy of the original erroneous Entry, and of the marginal Correction therein made.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, unless otherwise directed, shall be recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have happened, upon the Information or Complaint of any Person; and if on the Conviction of the Offender, either on his or her Confession, or by the Oath of any One of

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 86.

539

or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) such Fines or Forfeitures, with the Costs of the Conviction, shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices; and for Want of Distress such Justices may commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offender shall be committed, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Fine and Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and one Moiety of all such Fines and Forfeitures shall go to the Person who shall inform and sue or prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety shall go to the Registrar General, or to such other Person as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint, for the Use of His Majesty; and no Distress made by virtue of this Act shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages sustained in an Action on the Case.

[Appeal.]

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Sum adjudged to be paid on any such summary Conviction shall exceed Five Pounds, any Person convicted may appeal to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions which shall be holden not sooner than Twelve Days after the Day of such Conviction for the County or other District wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; provided that such Person shall give to the Complainant a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, within Three Days after such Conviction, and Seven clear Days at the least before such Sessions, and shall also either remain in Custody until the Sessions, or enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before a Justice of the Peace, conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions, and to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded; and upon such Notice being given, and such Recognizances being entered into, the Court at such Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs, to either Party, as to the Court shall seem meet, and in case of the Dismissal of the Appeal, or the Affirmance of the Conviction, shall order and adjudge the Offender to be punished according to the Conviction, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded, and shall, if necessary, issue Process for enforcing such Judgment

---

[No Certiorari.]

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no such Conviction or Adjudication made on Appeal therefrom shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record, and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein,

C. 86. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

provided it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a valid Conviction to sustain the same.

[Correspondence of Registrar General relating to this Act to be free of Postage.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General may receive and send by the General Post from and to Places in England all Letters and Packets relating exclusively to the Execution of this Act free from any Duty of Postage, provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the Registrar General be directed to the "Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages," at his Office, and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the Registrar General shall be in Covers, with the Words "Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages" printed on the same, and be sealed with the Seal of the said Registrar Office, and be signed on the Outside thereof under such Words with the Name of such Person as the said Registrar General, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, in his own Handwriting, (such Name to be from Time to Time sent to the Secretary of General Post Office in London,) and under such other Regulations as the Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and if the Person so to be appointed shall subscribe or seal any Letter or Packet whatever, except such only concerning which he shall receive the special Direction of his superior Officer, or which he shall himself know to relate exclusively to the Execution of this Act, or if the Person so to be appointed, or any other Person, shall send or cause to be sent under any such Cover any Letter, Paper, or Writing, or any Inclosure, other than shall relate exclusively to the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his Office; one Moiety of such Penalty to be paid to the Use of the Person who shall inform or sue for the same; to be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of record at Westminster.

[Registers of Baptisms and Burials may be kept as heretofore.]

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect the Registration of Baptisms or Burials as now by Law established, or the Right of any Officiating Minister to receive the Fees now usually paid for the Performance or Registration of any Baptism, Burial, or Marriage.

[Registrar General to furnish Notices to Guardians of Unions, &c. specifying Acts required to be done by Parties registering.]

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Registrar General shall, within Three Calendar Months after his Appointment to such Office, furnish to the respective Guardians of every Union, Parish, or Place printed Notices, which the said Guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, cause to be fixed or placed on the Outside of the several Church and Chapel Doors, or other public and conspicuous Buildings or Places, within their respective Unions, Parishes, or Places, and which said Notices shall specify the several Acts required to be done by Persons who may be desirous of solemnizing Marriage, or of registering the Birth of any Child or the Death of any Person under the Provisions of this Act.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

1836. Births in the District of Marylebone, North, in the County of Middlesex.

---

No. When born. Name, if any. Sex. Name and Surname of Father. Name and Maiden Surname of Mother. Rank or Profession of Father Signature* Description, and Residence of Informant. When registered. Signature of Registrar. Baptismal Name, if added after Registration of Birtln

1 7th January. James. 1 William Green. Rebecca Green, formerly Jennings. Carpenter. William Green, Father, Carpenter, 17, North Street, Marylebone. 9 January. John Cox, Registrar.

Ct

The Words and Figures in Italics in this Schedule to be filled in as the Case may be.

980 *ai iwiannoot5?o9 *MBrav

SCHEDULE (B.)

1836.-Deaths in the District of Mary-le-bone, North, in the County of Middlesex.

No. When died. Name and Surname. Sex. Age. Rank or Profession. Cause of Death. Signature, Description, and Residence of Informant. When registered. Signature of Registrar.

* 7 February. William Green. Male. 43 Carpenter. Rebecca Green, Widow, 11, North Street, Mary-le-bone. 5 February. John Cox, Registrar.

[The Words and Figures in Italics in this Schedule to be filled in according as the Case may be.]

542 C. 86. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

SCHEDULE (C.)

1836.-Marriages solemnized at the Parish Church in the Parish of Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex.

No. When married. Name and Surname. Age. Condition. Rank or Profession. Residence at the Time of Marriage. Father's Name and Surname. Rank or Profession of Father.

/ 77 March 1836. William Hastings. OffiMAge. Bachelor. Carpenter. 3, South Street, Peter Hastings. Upholsterer.

Sophia Ann Mitchell. Minor. Spinster. 17i High Street. Geoffry Mitchell. Butcher.

Married in the Parish Church, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Established Church, by Licence, or after Banns, me' James Hollingshead, Vicar.

This Marriage was solemnized between us,

William Hastings, Sophia Anne Mitchell,

in the Presence of us,

John Hastings. Geoffry Mitchell.

Ci

The Words and Figures in Italics in this Schedule to be filled in as the Case may be.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 86.

644

C. 86.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

SCHEDULE (D.)

I John Cox, Registrar of Births and Deaths in the District of Mary-leJxme, Norths in the County of Middlesex, do hereby certify. That this is a true Copy of the Registrars Book of Births [or Deaths] within the said District, from the Entry of the Birth [or Death] of James Green, No. 1, to the Entry of the Birth [or Death] of William Strange, No. 54. Witness my Hand this Seventh Day of March 183$.

John Cox, Registrar.

SCHEDULE (E.)

I John Cox, Registrar of Births and Deaths in the District of Mary-le-bone, North, in the County of Middlesex, do hereby certify, That the Death of Henry Hastings was duly registered by me on the Seventh Day of March 1836. Witness my Hand this Eighth Day of March 1836.

John Cox, Registrar.

SCHEDULE (F.)

I James Smith, Coroner for the County of Dorset, do hereby order the Burial of the Body now shown to the Inquest Jury as the Body of John Jones. Witness my Hand this Eighth Day of March 1836.

James Smith, Coroner.

SCHEDULE (G.)

I Gilbert Elliott, Vicar of *Harming, in the County of Kent, do hereby certify, That I have this Day baptized by the Name of Thomas a Male Child, produced to me by William Green as the Son of William Green and Rebecca Green, and declared by the said William Green to have been born at Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex on the Seventh Day of January 183d. Witness my Hand this First Day of December 183&

---

Gilbert Elliott, Vicar.

[The Words and Figures in Italics in the above Schedules to be filled in as the Case may be.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to put an end to the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York in the Liberty of Ripon in the West and North Ridings of the County of York, and in the Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley in the said West Riding, and in the Soke of Southwell in the County of Nottingham, and to the Secular Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Ely in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 87. 545

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Secular Jurisdiction of Archbishop, of York in the Places herein mentioned to cease.]

That all the Secular Authority of the Archbishop of York in the said Liberty of Ripon, and in the said Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley, and in the said Soke of Southwell, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and shall become and be transferred to and vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

[Towns, &c., over which his Jurisdiction extended to enjoy their Privileges as heretofore.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Towns, Parishes, and Places within the said Liberty of Ripon, and the said Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley respectively, shall severally be deemed and taken to be distinct Liberties, in the same Way as they have heretofore been, and shall enjoy all the same Rights, Privileges, and Exemptions which they have heretofore enjoyed, save only that all Secular Powers and Authorities heretofore exercised by the Archbishop of York within the said Liberties, or either of them, shall henceforth be exercised by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and all Persons now holding any Office in the said Liberties or either of them shall continue to hold the same in the same Way as if this Act had not been passed.

[Justices of Peace for Southwell.]

III. And be it further enacted, That no new Commission of the Peace shall be henceforth issued for the said Soke of Southwell, but the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Nottingham shall within the said Soke of Southwell exercise the same Jurisdiction, both in and out of Sessions, as within every other Part of such County; any Charter or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Secular Jurisdiction of Bishop of Ely to cease.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Secular Authority of the Bishop of Big in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, and all Authority of the Chief Justice of Ely heretofore appointed by the Bishop of Ely, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and all the Secular Authority of the said Bishop shall become and be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Justice of the Peace now acting for the said Liberties, Soke, and Isle respectively from continuing to act as such within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions as if this Act had not been passed.

[County Rates of Ripon and Isle of Ely.]

V. And be it further enacted, That the County Rates for the said Liberty of Ripon and for the said Isle of Ely shall remain, as heretofore, distinct from the Rates for the rest of the Counties of York and Cambridge respectively, and shall be assessed and levied and paid and applied by and under the Order and Direction of the Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty and Isle respectively as if the same were separate Counties, but in all other respects under the same Regulations as are applicable to the Rates of other Counties in England.

[Custos Rotulorum of West Riding and of Nottinghamshire.]

VI. And be it enacted, That the Custos Rotulorum of the said West Riding of Yorkshire shall become the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Sessions of the Peace of the said Liberty of Ripon, and of the said Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley, and that the Custos Rotulorum of the said County of Nottingham shall become the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Sessions of the Peace of the said Soke of Southwell, and that the Records of

546 C. 87. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

the said several Courts shall be delivered to the said respective Keepers accordingly.

[Custos Rotulorum of Ely.]

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint from Time to Time such Person as He and They shall think fit to be Custos Rotulorum of the said Isle of Ely.

[Assizes, &c. for Ely to be held under 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 71.]

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Assizes and Sessions under the Commissions of Gaol Delivery and other Commissions for the Despatch of Civil and Criminal Business in the said County of Cambridge, including the said Isle of Ely, shall be holden in such Manner and at such Place or Places as shall be directed by His Majesty in Council under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in England and Wales.

[Quarter Sessions of Isle of Ely.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That separate Commissions of the Peace shall continue to be issued for the said Two Liberties and Isle respectively as heretofore; and the Sessions of the Peace for the said Liberties and Isle respectively shall be holden by and before the Justices of the Peace for the Time being acting in and for the said Liberties and Isle respectively in like Manner as the same have hitherto been holden.

[Clerks of the Peace.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the present Clerks of the Peace for the said Liberty of Ripon and for the said Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley, and for the said Isle of Ely respectively, shall continue Clerks of the Peace for the said Liberties and Isle respectively during their Lives, or until Resignation or other Determination of their Offices, and that thenceforth the Clerks of the Peace for the said Liberty of Ripon and for the said Liberty of Cawood, Wistow, and Otley, shall be appointed by the Custos Rotulorum of the said West Riding for the Time being, and the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely shall be appointed by the Custos Rotulorum thereof for the Time being, and shall be subject and liable to the same Laws in all respects as the Clerks of the Peace in other Counties of England;

[Coroner for Ripon.]

and that the present Coroner of the Liberty of Ripon shall continue Coroner during his Life, or so long as he shall well behave himself; and upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of such Coroner, and upon every future Vacancy of the Office, a Coroner shall be chosen by the Freeholders of the said Liberty of Ripon in like Manner as Coroners are chosen in the Case of other Counties or Divisions of Counties in England.

[Who shall be qualified to serve on Juries in Ripon.]

XI. And be it enacted, That all Persons residing within the said Liberty of Ripon who by the Laws now in force would be qualified and liable to serve on Grand Juries in Courts of Sessions of the Peace, and on Petty Juries for the Trial of Issues in Courts of Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County of York, if the said Liberty were destroyed and the District comprised therein made for all Purposes Part of the said County, shall be qualified and liable to serve on such Juries in Courts of Sessions of the Peace holden within the said Liberty; and all Persons who by the Laws now in force would be exempted from serving on such Juries, if the said District were for all Purposes made Part of the said

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 87. 547

County, shall in like Manner be exempted from serving on such Juries within said Liberty.

[Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That the present Chief Bailiff for the said Isle of Ely shall continue Chief Bailiff of the said Isle until Resignation or other Determination of his Office, and that thenceforth it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint from Time to Time such Person as He or They shall think tit to be Chief Bailiff of the said Isle.

[Gaol at Ely abolished, and Prisoners to be confined in Cambridge Gaol.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall from and after the passing of this Act be committed to the Gaol at Ely, but all Persons who, if this Act had not passed, might have been committed to or confined in such Gaol may be committed to and confined in the Gaol at Cambridge, and the Justices of the said Isle of Ely shall have full Power to commit to the said Gaol at Cambridge; and all Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be confined in the said Gaol at Ely shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, be delivered up by the Keeper of the said Gaol at Ely to the Keeper of the said Gaol at Cambridge, together with the Warrant or Instrument under or by virtue whereof every such Person shall be then detained in Custody, and the Keeper of the said Gaol at Cambridge shall receive and detain such Persons in Custody in the same Way as if such Persons had originally been committed to his Custody.

[Houses of Correction and their Keepers to remain.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Houses of Correction at Ely and Wisbech in the said Isle shall remain, and the present Keepers thereof shall be continued in Office during the Pleasure of the Justices of the Peace for the said Isle in Quarter Sessions assembled; and the Keepers thereof shall be appointed by the said Justices so assembled as in other Counties of England.

[Regulations respecting Juries in Ely.]

XV. And be it enacted, That all the Regulations respecting Juries and Jurors for Counties in England shall after the passing of this Act be applied to the Isle of Ely as well as to the rest of the County of Cambridge, and the Sheriff of the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon shall have the same Power of summoning Jurors in the said Isle of Ely which he has in the rest of the said County of Cambridge, and all Persons residing in the said Isle shall be liable to serve on Juries for the said County in the same Manner as Persons residing in other Parts of the same County.

[Present Coroners of Ely continued, and future Vacancies provided for.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That the present Coroners of the said Isle of Ely shall continue Coroners respectively during their respective Lives, or so long as they shall respectively well behave themselves; and that upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of either of them, and upon every future Vacancy of the Office, a Coroner shall be chosen by the Freeholders of the said Isle in like Manner as Coroners are chosen in the Case of other Counties or Divisions of Counties of England; and the said Coroners for the Time being shall be entitled to demand and take the same Fees, Recompence, and Benefit as are given to or provided for the Coroners by an Act made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

[25 G. 2. c. 29.]

intituled An Act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners for the due Execution of their Office, and for the Removal of Coroners on lawful Conviction of certain Misdemeanors, and shall as such Coroners be subject to all the Provisions of the said Act.

548 C. 87. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

[Compensation to Persons effected by the Provisions of the Act.]

XVII. And whereas it is expedient that due Provision shall be made for the Compensation of any Persons holding Offices which have been usually held for Life, for the Loss they may i sustain by the Abolition of their Offices by virtue or in consequence of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act there shall be issued, paid, and payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to the said Officers respectively, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, such Sum of Money, at such Times, by way of Annuity or otherwise, as shall be adjudged and determined to be due to them by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or any Three of them, who shall have full Power to inquire into and ascertain the Amount of such Compensation, having regard to the Nature and Value of the Office, the Mode of Appointment thereto, the Tenure thereof, and all the Circumstances of the Case.

[Restrictions as to Compensations.]

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Officer shall be entitled to receive any such Compensation unless he shall previously make a full and true Statement to the 6&id Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be verified on Oath before a Judge or Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, if they shall think fit so to direct, of the Amount of his Salary and Fees, and of the Disbursements and Outgoings of the same, for the Space of Ten Years before the passing of this Act; and that such Compensation shall cease altogether or be reduced in Amount, as the Case may be, whenever he shall be placed in any other Public Office of which the Salary and Emoluments shall be equal to the Whole or to Part of such Compensation; nor in the last-mentioned Case shall be entitled to receive more of such Compensation than shall be equal to the Difference between the full Amount thereof and the Amount of the Salary and Emoluments of the Office in which he may be hereafter placed.

[Reservation of Patent Fees to Patentees for Life.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of any Person holding a Patent for his Life of any Office, whether abolished by this Act or not, to receive during his Life any Fee or Stipend granted by such Patent out of the Revenues of the said respective Sees.

[Reservation of all Profits to the Sees.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall have the Effect of severing or separating from the said Archbishoprick or Bishoprick any Lordships, Manors, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, Collieries, Mines, Minerals, Rectories, Advowsons, Profits or Emoluments of any Kind or Description whatsoever, whether held in right of the said Sees, other than* and except only any Profits and Emoluments hereinbefore expressly mentioned and directed to be severed therefrom.

[The Bishop of Ely to take and hold subject to future Provisions.]

XXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Bishop of Ely for the Time being shall take and hold the said Bishoprick, and all the Property, Patronage, and Rights belonging thereto, except as herein-before provided, subject to and under any Provisions which shall be made by or under the Authority of Parliament with respect to the said Bishoprick within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act; any Law, Statute, or Canon to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 87-89. 549

[Chief Justice of Ely to act under Commission of Assize, &c., already issued.]

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained, the present Chief Justice of the said Isle of Ely shall have full Power, under any Commission of Assize, or of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, which has already issued, to exercise all such Jurisdiction as he has heretofore exercised in the said Isle.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[17th August 1836.]

[This Act is the same as 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 50.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to provide for the Attendance and Remuneration of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests.

[17th August 1836.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Attendance of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests, also Remuneration for such Attendance, and for the Performance of postmortem Examinations at such Inquests Be it therefore enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever upon the summoning or holding of any Coroner s Inquest it shall appear to the Coroner that the deceased Person was attended at his Death or during his last Illness by any legally qualified Medical Practitioner, it shall be lawful for the Coroner to issue his Order, in the Form marked (A.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, for the Attendance of such Practitioner as a Witness at such Inquest; and if it shall appear to the Coroner that the deceased Person was not attended at or immediately before his Death by any legally qualified Medical Practitioner, it shall be lawful for the Coroner to issue such Order for the Attendance of any legally qualified Medical Practitioner being at the Time in actual Practice in or near the Place where the Death has happened; and it shall be lawful for the Coroner, either in his Order for the Attendance of the Medical Witness, or at any Time between the issuing of such Order and the Termination of the Inquest, to direct the Performance of a post-mortem Examination, with or without an Analysis of the Contents of the Stomach or Intestines, by the Medical Witness or Witnesses who may be summoned to attend at any Inquest; provided that if any Person shall state upon Oath before the Coroner that in his or her Belief the Death of the deceased Individual was caused partly or entirely by the improper or negligent Treatment of any Medical Practitioner or other Person, such Medical Practitioner or other Person shall not be allowed to perform or assist at the post-mortem Examination of the Deceased.

Coroner empowered to summon Medical Witnesses, and to direct the Performance of a post-mortem Examination.

550 C. 89. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

[A Majority of the Jury may require the Coroner to summon additional Medical Evidence if the first be not satisfactory.]

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the greater Number of the Jurymen sitting at any Coroner's Inquest, that the Cause of Death has not been satisfactorily explained by the Evidence of the Medical Practitioner or other Witness or Witnesses who may be examined in the first instance, such greater Number of the Jurymen are hereby authorized and empowered to name to the Coroner in Writing any other legally qualified Medical Practitioner or Practitioners, and to require the Coroner to issue his Order, in the Form herein-before mentioned, for the Attendance of such last-mentioned Medical Practitioner or Practitioners as a Witness or Witnesses, and for the Performance of a post-mortem Examination, with or without an Analysis of the Contents of the Stomach or Intestines, whether such an Examination has been performed before or not; and if the Coroner, having been thereunto required, shall refuse to issue such Order, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be punishable in like Manner as if the same were a Misdemeanor at Common Law.

[Fees to Medical Witnesses; to be paid out of Funds collected for Relief of the Poor.]

III. And be it further enacted, That when any legally qualified Medical Practitioner has attended upon any Coroner's Inquest in obedience to any such Order as aforesaid of the Coroner, the said Practitioner shall for such Attendance at any Inquest in Great Britain be entitled to receive such Remuneration or Fee as is mentioned in the Table marked (B.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and for any Inquest held in Ireland, the said Practitioner shall be paid in the Manner provided by the Laws in force in that Part of the United Kingdom; and the Coroner is hereby required and commanded to make, according to the Form marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, his Order for the Payment of such Remuneration or Fee, when the Inquest shall be held in Great Britain, and such Order may be addressed and directed to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish or Place in which the Death has happened; and such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any One of them, is and are hereby required and commanded to pay the Sum of Money mentioned in such Order of the Coroner to the Medical Witness therein mentioned, out of the Funds collected for the Relief of the Poor of the said Place.

No Fee for postmortem Examination made without Order.

Inquests on Bodies of Persons dying in public Institutions.

Penalty on Medical Practitioner for

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order of Payment shall be given, or Fee or Remuneration paid, to any Medical Practitioner for the Performance of any post-mortem Examination which may be instituted without the previous Direction of the Coroner.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Inquest shall be holden on the Body of any Person who has died in any public Hospital or Infirmary, or in any Building or Plate belonging thereto, or used for the Reception of the Patients thereof, or who has died in any County or other Lunatic Asylum, or in any public Infirmary or other public Medical Institution, whether the same be supported by Endowments or by voluntary Subscriptions, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall be construed to entitle the Medical Officer whose Duty it may have been to attend the deceased Person as a Medical Officer of such Institution as aforesaid to the Fees or Remuneration herein provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Order for the Attendance of any Medical Practitioner as aforesaid shall have been

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 89.

551

been personally served upon such Practitioner, or where any such Order not personally served shall have been received by any Medical Practitioner in sufficient Time for him to have obeyed such Order, or where any such Order has been served at the Residence of any Medical Practitioner, and in every Case where any Medical Practitioner has not obeyed such Order, he shall for such Neglect or Disobedience forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, upon Complaint thereof made by the Coroner or any Two of the Jury before any Two Justices having Jurisdiction in the Parish or Place where the Inquest under which the Order issued was held, or in the Parish where such Medical Practitioner resides; and such Two Justices are hereby required, upon such Complaint, to proceed to the Hearing and Adjudication of such Complaint, and, if such Medical Practitioner shall not show to the said Justices a good and sufficient Cause for not having obeyed such Order, to enforce the said Penalty by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, as they are empowered to proceed by any Act of Parliament for any other Penalty or Forfeiture.

VII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Scotland.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

(A.)

Form of Summons.

Coroner's Inquest at upon the Body of

By virtue of this my Order as Coroner for you

are required to appear before me and the Jury at on the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and, at of the Clock, to give Evidence

touching the Cause of Death of [and then

addy when the Witness is required to make or assist at a post-mortem Examination^ and make or assist in making a post-mortem Examination of the Body, with [or without] an Analysis, as the Case may 6e], and report thereon at the said Inquest.

(Signed) Coroner.

To Surgeon [or M.D., as the Case may be.-\

(B.)

Table of Fees.

1. To every legally qualified Medical Practitioner for attending

to give Evidence under the Provisions of this Act at any Coroner's Inquest whereat no post-mortem Examination has been made by such Practitioner, the Fee or Remuneration shall be One Guinea.

2. For the making of a post-mortem Examination of the Body of the Deceased, either with or without an Analysis of the Contents of the Stomach or Intestines, and for attending to give Evidence thereon, the Fee or Remuneration shall be Two Guineas.

neglecting to attend.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

552

C. 89-91.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

(C.)

Coroners Order for the Payment of Medical Witnesses.

By virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in Session

of holden in the intituled I,

the Coroner of and for do order you,

the Overseers of the Parish [or Township, as the Case may be], to pay to the Sum of [One Guinea, or Two Guineas,

as the Case may be], being the Fee [or Fees] due to him for having attended as a Medical Witness at an Inquest holden before me this Day of upon the Body of

about the Age of who was found dead at

[or other Particulars or Description], and at which said Inquest the Jury returned a Verdict of

(Signed) Coroner.

Witnessed by me of

To the Overseers, et cetera.

CAP. XC.

An Act to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to 54 G. s. c. 137. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[17th August 1836.]

CAP. XCI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, WTorks, and Buildings to make and maintain a Road from the Church in the Parish of Sunk Island to the Town of Ottringham in the East Riding of the County of York.

[17th August 1836.]

" Authorizing Formation of Road. § 1. Appointment of Trustees. § 2. Power to appoint additional Trustees. § S. Meetings of Trustees. $ 4. Power to make the Roads, &c. § 5. " Map of Road and Book of Reference deposited with the Clerk " of the Peace, to remain there, and be open to Inspection; cer- titied Copies thereof to be Evidence; limiting Deviations. §6. " Houses, &c. not to be taken without Consent unless mentioned " in the Schedule. § 7. Unintentional Errors remedied. §8. " Limiting the Time for the Purchase of Property. $ 9. The " Freehold and Inheritance of Lands to remaip and be vested " in the Persons of whom they are purchased. $ 10. The Right " of Way to cease when Lands are not wanted. $11. The " Trustees to have the same Powers of cutting the Lands taken " by them as if they had purchased the Fee Simple. $ 12. Toll " Houses may be erected. § 13. Table of Tolls. $ 14. Fractions " of One Halfpenny in Tolls. $ 15. Restriction on Exemption. " § 16. Horses, &c. for which Tolls have been once paid to w repass Toll-free on the same Day, unless drawing a different " Waggon or Carriage. §17. Stage Coaches to pay each-Time " of passing. § 18. Pest Chaises to pay on each new Hiring.

" § 19.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 91, 92.

563

44 § 19. Only One Toll to be paid at the several Gates on the same Day. § 20. Steam Carriages to pay every Time of passing. §21. Commissioners of Woods may advance Money to " defray the Expences of this Act, &c. § 22. Exchequer Loan " Commissioners under .1 & 2 W. 4. c. 24. may advance Money in " Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of this Act. § 23. Security to " be taken for Repayment of the Exchequer Buis. § 24. Application of Tolls. § 25. Rule for the Construction of certain " Expressions in this Act § 26. Term of Act § 27* Public Act $ 28."

CAP. XCII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the Church of Saint Clement, Oxford.

[17th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the ancient Parish Church of Saint Clement in the City and Diocese of Oxford, being not only very much decayed, but insufficient in Size and Accommodation for a due Proportion of the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service, the same was some Time since taken down, and a new Church was erected on a different Site within the said Parish, and the same was duly consecrated by the then Lord Bishop of Oxford, and has since been used as the Parish Church of the said Parish of Saint Clement, and Public Worship has been regularly performed, and many Marriages solemnized therein, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; And whereas it is considered that the said new Church is not legally the Parish Church of the said Parish of Saint Clement;

and it is expedient to remove all Doubts which may thereby arise touching the Validity of Marriages already solemnized therein May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages which have been solemnized within the said new Church according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England since the Consecration thereof shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Marriages had been solemnized in the old Church of the said Parish of Saint Clement

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parsons, Vicars, Ministers, and Curates who have solemnized any such Marriages shall not be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his or their having so as aforesaid solemnized the same Marriages respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of such Marriages so solemnized in the said new Church shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in the same Manner as they would have been receivable in Evidence in case the said Marriages respectively had been solemnized in the said old Church of the Parish of Saint Clement aforesaid.

All Marriage* solemnized in the Church of St. Clement, Oxford, declared valid.

Ministers not to be liable to Penalties.

Registers to be Evidence.

C. 98.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 186

Secretary at War to Issue the Money required for the Pay of the Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Clothing.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

[19th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, _Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the

Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Reduced Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners

of Devon and Cornwall, while disembodied; and Allowances to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters disabled after

long Service Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the Time being may and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied^ in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to Bay,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Dtem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where one is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in one of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied \ in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, and Three Pounds for each Serjeant, and so in proportion in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as

shall

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 9S.

555

shall have been sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that such Serjeant Majors and Serjeants as were serving on the Disembodied Staff on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years; and that such as shall have been subsequently appointed to serve or promoted on the Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant and Noncommissioned Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town, or Place where the DepAt of the Corps to which they belong may be ordered to be stationed, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depdt as shall be sanctioned by the SacBatary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified. Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall out of the Allowance of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man, directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of Such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant; and the said

Contingent

Fund.

Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Arms of the Corps are kept.

Adjutant to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing, and to issue the Money for contingent Expences oh an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants, &c. to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major.

556

C. 9S.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons.

Rank of certain Officers.

Certain Persons not entitled to 'Allowances.

Declaration to be taken to entitle Officers, &c. to such Allowances.

said Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forced of Great Britain and Ireland, 1 while disembodied, under certain Regulations; be it further enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein-after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was serving therein, when the Corps was last disembodied, and also to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland which was augmented during the War, and which has been reduced to its original Establishment; (that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain-Lieutenants shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to *, be Ensigns; and that the Supernumerary Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons of Regiments of Militia in Ireland as aforesaid shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiments when they were last disembodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that Time.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the United Kingdom, or before some one of His Majesty's Ministers,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

, 557

A.D. 1836.

C. 93.

ters, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls Abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I belonged to

the of Militia when the same was dis-

embodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of inclusive,

as a [Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon,

as the Case may he']; and that I was not in my own Right, or ' in the Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for ' which I now claim to receive my Allowance, that is to say,

from the Day of to the

Day of both inclusive, in the actual Possession

and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, ' Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above 1 Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain ' of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy Orders;

that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment

of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any

Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or ' enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said ' Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or

Military, undef the Crown or any other Government, besides

1 the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except

1 my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy

or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia,

as the Case may be], and any Pay and Allowances from the

to the both Days inclusive, during

1 which Period the Corps was assembled for Training and / Exercise. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed, during the Continuance of this Act, and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and in lieu of his reduced Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or before some one of His Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy or of Legation, or Consuls Abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving

I as [Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, as the Case may

1 be,] in the of Militia at the Reduction of the

Form of Declaration.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

Declaration to be taken by Officers claiming the said Allowances.

Form of Declaration.

B58

C. 93.

6° & 7e GULI&LMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Out-Pension to Reduced Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Subalterns, Mates, &c. to attend the Exercise, &c.

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Absence.

the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that X was not in Holy Orders during any ' Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of

4 One thousand eight hundred and to the

4 Day of One thousand eight hundred and;

and that I (fid not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period, any Place, Office,

or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of 4 a Day now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of the

Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be], and except my Pay and Allowances from the to the both

4 Days inclusive, during which Period the Militia was

assembled for Training and Exercise* '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy, or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XI. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension,

although not unfit for further Service be it further enacted, That no Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster on the reduced Allowance, and every Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to any Allowances as aforesaid, shall regularly attend the Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which^he belongs during the whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty'as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as all Arrears of the said Allowance and of Pay; and a Certificate of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such Exercise, for which Purpose it sh«dl be lawful

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

659

lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeons Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof in like Manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned) , to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall not, before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, be called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have made and subscribed the Declaration herein-before mentioned before any Justice of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps

during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon such Declarations and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Declarations, being produced to the Paymaster General, it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, and he is hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons their respective Allowances above mentioned, for the usual quarterly or other proper Periods, without any Deduction whatsoever, the Declarations and Certificates before mentioned to be by him preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the aforesaid reduced or disembodied Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon on such Occasion or on such other Occasions as may be required in pursuance of the Laws in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion,

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid, on making the Declaration, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly.

On Neglect of Attendance, Subalterns, &e. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

560

C. 93.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Allowance not to be paid while the Militia is embodied.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c. during Training.

Adjutants, Ac., Non-commissioned Officers, or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea Pensions, Sec,

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Adjutants appointed before 24 Dec. 1814

or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid, to the said Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant* Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided always, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training; and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93. 561.

served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the entitled to re. Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in after the whole, wheredf Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of

of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered jf^nfit for*"* unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at further Service, War a Certificate of such Servicp of Twenty Years as aforesaid an Allowance from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he of 8t- P*3* shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster General shall and he is hereby authorized to pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to provided they receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military do not hold Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty or any other other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of PPointmenU4 June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount <ff the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases His Majesty's Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary at War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of His Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, that any Adjutant appointed after the Adjutants ap-Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and pointed since fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's 24 1814

Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have Thirty Years been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall Service, &c., an be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, Allowance of upon producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such 6*' V. Day* Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings >

Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may Right to Half have to Half Pay or Out-Pension by reason of receiving such Pay reserved. Allowance of Eight Shillings or Six Shillings a Day as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance: Provided always, that in Cases of very Certain Terms long and meritorious Services it shall be lawful for the Secretary extended to at War to extend to any Adjutants appointed between the Adjutants, n Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and andmeritoriou» fourteen and th§ Ninth of July One thousand eight hundred and Services.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. O o twenty-

Allowances to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4#. per Day till 30th June 1836.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under S9&40G. 9. c. 44.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance under 39 A 40 G. 3. c. 44. and 26 G.3. c. 107.

C. 93. & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6

twenty-three the Terms, either in whole or in port, herein-before prescribed for the Retirement of Adjutants appointed before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXI. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts to Acyutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service be it further enacted, That such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance* of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actutdly serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, or from the Time such Regiment shall Cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such Reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, which Allowances have been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem; be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six to the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, and continued by any subsequent Acts or by this Act, may receive and take such Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable, together with such Reduced Allowance, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of Hie aforesaid Acts of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Pro- Proviso, vided always, that no such Reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under His Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XXV. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to Restriction* a«

Reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia; be it further enacted, to Allowance* That the said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Adj^ntTot Continuance of this Act in like Manner and subject to the same the Local ° Restrictions as the Allowances of the Paymasters, Surgeons, and Militia. Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who were reduced in the

Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such L6cal Militia Adjutants had been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every County in Allowances England and Wales, when the Regular Militia is or shall be toCleiksof raised, Allowances shall be made to the Clerks of General Meet- General and ings and to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy Subdivision for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act England* passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Law 42 G. 3. c. 90.

+relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia: and also to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled

An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces for S7 G. S. c. 25.

+the Tower Hamlets in the County of Middlesex, and any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Lord Warden and Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing 42G.S. c. 72.

an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty King George the Third\ intituled ' An Act for raising a

Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the

Defence of the Kingdom during the present War/ and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in

C. 93, 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836. 334

Allowances to such Officers and others in Scotland.

42 G. 3. c. 91.

Manner of granting Allowances.

Clerks, Suu to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

Scotland where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised Allowances shall also be made to the Clerks of General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to raise and establish a Militia in Scotland, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County* Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; videlicet,

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

I do solemnly declare, That the preceding

X Account, so far as regards my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and in behalf of the Public Service, according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland

4 | do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial

x Schoolmaster [or Constable or other Officer] of the District of in the Subdivision of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just

and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for

and in behalf of the Public Service, according to the Manner

therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the Table to this Act annexed, or such Bums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

Deputy Lieu-

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenant* may tenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, require the At- or in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy Wardens

re tny acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of lading0near the ' Cornwall and Devon, should be assisted by the Advice of a Place of Meet- Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons claiming to fog for Appeals. be exempt from Service in the Militia by reason of bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for Inrolment be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and required, to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

56i»

Place, where any Meeting for Appeals or Inrolment shall be held, to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

4 I do solemnly declare, That I will, to the Declaration to

4 A best of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the Fitness made by for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted to my ur80on '

4 Examination; and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such Examination. '

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance Allowance u* at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Surgeon.

Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed j Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money Pay, &c. to be granted for the Pay, Clothing, contingent and other Expences, and issued under for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and

Local Militia when disembodied, shall be issued and paid, under atB^retaT7 the Direction of the Secretary at War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Bills drawn for Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be or Pay, &c. may be shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or unstamped Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on un- Faper* stamped Paper.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Fee No Fee to be or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account taken.

of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Hire of any House Expence of or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutre- Mouse for dements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation of the Adjutant belonging to any Regiment or Militia in Battalion of Militia in Ireland\ when not embodied, shall be Ireland, &c. to defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sum for that Purpose, be defrayed by and for all other Sums of Money and Expences payable and to be County, defrayed by the County in respect of the Militia of the County,

and all Arrears of any such Hire due for the Hire or Rent of any House heretofore provided, and which Rent shall not have been presented and paid before the passing of this Act, or which shall hereafter become due for any such House, and all Arrears of any such other Sums or Expences aforesaid which shall have become due before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted as hereafter mentioned, shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Secretary or

C. 9&

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

566

by the First Clerk in the Military Department, and specifying the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief or Under Secretary or First Clerk to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, or at any Time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the Provision as to Presenting Term: Provided that in no Case any greater Rent Amount of than Fifty Pounds Currency of the United Kingdom of Great

RenL Britain and Ireland shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such House or Place.

Provisions of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Diree-

this Act relating tions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, as fully and effectually as if they were respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Cap. 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

in Vyounnes shall extend to Ridings, Stewartries, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by

Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separ rate Charge being made for writing :the Letters or framing the Advertisements)

2. For attending General Meetings, at which the

Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each -

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants -Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, et cetera.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or

Chief Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England

£ m. d.

0 7 6

5 5 0

1 11 6

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 9S.

567

and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each -

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, to return Lists, each

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals -

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making

Abstracts thereof Schedule (D.) for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Account as a Voucher) , videlicet, In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia -

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto ... 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - 601 to 800 Men

Ditto ... 801 Men and

upwards ...

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under .....

Ditto - - from 201 to 400 Men

Ditto - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - from 801 Men

and upwards

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names

of the Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Inrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under Ditto - 51 to 150 Names

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's

Annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 7 6

2 2 0 8 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

6 6 0

1 1 0

2 2 0

S 8 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps -

Ditto - - Two - Ditto

Ditto - - Three - Ditto

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the LoixL Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note.-This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

p. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, et cetera, et cetera: To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under -In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - from 801 Men and

upwards -

Jl. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, et cetera, certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

1?. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.) , in the Form Sche- »

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 Q

0 0 6

A.D. 1836. 6°& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

569

dule (G.) , for His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion -

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland, furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps -

Ditto - - Two - Ditto

Ditto - - Three - Ditto

£ i. d.

10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4* 0 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement -Or, for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer (no Charge being made for the Draft) , for each Letter ] 5, Fpr attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or principal Meetings, at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals, For ballotting,

For inrolling,

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised; which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists -

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists -And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant -16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables In England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders

0 5 0 0 1 0

2 2 0

1 5 0

0 15 0

C. 93.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6,

to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon ballotted Men, each Precept And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept

17* For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the Ballotting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men

18. For making out the Annual Abstracts of Lists,

Schedule (C.) , for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Appointment of the Subdivision is - 50 Men and under

From 51 to 150 Men -From 151 to 250 Men -From 251 Men and upwards

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of

Men inrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (EA and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; videlicet,

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under from 51 to 150 Names from 151 to 250 Names from 251 Names and upwards

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County, in the following Proportions; videlicet,

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

from 51 to 150 Men from 151 to 250 Men from 251 Men and upwards -

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the

Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County, in the following Proportions; videlicet,

£ *. <L

0 0 6

0 0 6

j£2 perl ,000

2 2 0 8 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

1 10 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

from 51 to 150 Men from 151 to 250 Men from 251 Men and upwards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessanr and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

* 23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

from 51 to 150 Men from 151 to 250 Men from 251 and upwards

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds, to give Notice in Writing to the Men inrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under -

from 51 to 150 Names from 150 to 250 Names from 251 Names and upwards And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivisions of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men inrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia;

£ s. d.

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

C. 93<

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

71

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under -

from 11 to 30 Names from 31 to 50 Names from 51 to 70 Names from 71 to 100 Names from 100 upwards 25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Inrolment of all Persons inrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Trailing and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under from 21 to 50 Names - from 51 to 150 Names - from 151 to 250 Names - from 251 and upwards 26. For correcting the Books of Inrolment of the Subdivision, so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.) , of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Appointment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

from 51 to 150 Men from 151 to 250 Men from 251 and upwards

£ s. <L

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 2 6 0 5 0 0 10 O

0 15 O

1 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND,

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to House-

holders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours -

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting

of Sixty Lines -

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each

Meeting -

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to ballotted

Men, per Day -

31. For Stationery, per Annum -

0 5 0

0 1 0

0 10 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours -

0 4 0

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99, 94.

578

3S. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting £ s. d.

of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy,

per Day - - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to ballotted

and inrolled Men, per Day 0 4 0

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out

by the Constables, per Annum 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

S7- When it is necessary to call a Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expences, not exceeding Nine-pence per Mile, and the Expences of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expences shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's Annual Account S8. The Expence necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend an Act for enabling His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty the King of the French, the Emperor of all the Russia *, and the King of Bavaria[19th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable 3 w. 4. ©. 121.

His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty the King of the French, the Emperor of all the Russias,

and the King of Bavaria, Provision is made for enabling His Majesty to carry into effect the Stipulations of the Twelfth Article of the said Convention, in virtue of which Article the

Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of One Third Part of each of the several Three Instalments of Twenty Millions of Francs each, forming in the whole a Loan of the Amount of Sixty Millions of Francs, to be contracted by the King of Greece,

was to be guaranteed by His Majesty, by the King of the

French, and by the Emperor of all the Russias respectively:

And whereas Doubts have arisen whether His Majesty is empowered by the Act aforesaid to grant His Guarantee for the Payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of any One of the Instalments of the said Loan, or of any Portion of such Instalment, unless the King of the French and the Emperor of all

the Russias concur, each for himself, in granting their respective Guarantees for the like Portion of the said Loan: And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to guarantee One Third Part of such Portion of the Third and last Instalment

of

574

C. 94.

« & T* GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

His Majesty authorised to guarantee the Payment of the Amount of Interest and Sinking Fund of Portion of the Third Instalment of the Greek Loan.

Commissioners of Treasury empowered to issue Money out of Consolidated Fund for the Purpose.

Amount of Monies advanced under this Act to be laid before Parliament.

of the said Loan as jet remains to be raised, or of anj such ' Portion thereof as maj appear to be necessary, notwithstanding ' that their Majesties the King of the French and the Emperor c of all the Russia *, or either of them, should refuse or delay to 1 guarantee the like Portion or Portions of the said Third In-

stalment Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and He and They is and are hereby authorized, to guarantee the Payment of the Amount of the Interest and Sinking Fund of such Portion or Portions of the Third and last Instalment of the Loan to be contracted by the King of Greece under the Provisions of the Twelfth Article of the aforesaid Convention as from Time to Time may appear adviseable to His Majesty, notwithstanding that their Majesties the King of the French and the Emperor of all the Russias, or either of them, shall refuse or delay to guarantee the like Portion or Portions of the said Third and last Instalment of the Loan aforesaid: Provided always, that the Amount to be so guaranteed by His Majesty shall in no Case extend in the whole to more than One Third Part of such Portion of the said Third and last Instalment as still remains to be raised; and provided also, that the whole Sum guaranteed by His Majesty under the Powers given by this Act and by the said recited Act shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Millions of Francs.

H. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of giving effect to the said Guarantee, the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being respectively, shall be and he and they is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to cause to be issued such Sums of Money as shall be required for the Payment of any Interest or Sinking Fund agreed to be paid by His Majesty under the said Convention as and when the same may from Time to Time respectively become payable, and so long as the same should be payable conformably to the Tenor of His Majesty's Engagements as specified in the said Convention.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall cause to be prepared and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Twenty Days after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, an Account, up to the Thirty-first Day of December then next preceding, of the Total Sums, if any, which shall from Time to Time have been issued and applied by virtue of this Act for paying and satisfying any Interest on the said Part of the said Loan so agreed to be guaranteed by His said Majesty, or towards paying and satisfying any Principal thereof.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 95.

575

CAP. XCV.

An Act to suspend, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

[19th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth ' " Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Owners of Tithes in Ireland, and for the Amendment of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in 4 4 the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing 4 4 for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and 4 4 to make such Compositions permanentit is amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful for any Person entitled to any Tithes arising out of Lands in Ireland, for the Years One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, One thousand eight (hundred and thirty-two, or One thousand eight hundred and ' thirty-three, to make Application to the Lord Lieutenant praying Relief under the said Act in respect of such Tithes;

and it is further enacted, that such Application should be made by a Memorial, with a Schedule thereto annexed, setting forth such Particulars as in the said Act are in that Behalf mentioned; and it is by the said Act further enacted, that the said Memorial ' and Schedule amended as therein is mentioned should be transmitted in manner therein mentioned to the Lord Lieutenant, 4 who should thereupon authorize and direct such Sum to be advanced to such Memorialist as should appear by the said Memorial and Schedule to be due and owing to him on account ' of the Tithes therein included; and it is thereby further enacted, 4 that the said Lord Lieutenant should cause every such original Memorial and Schedule, together with a Certificate under his ' Hand of the Amount of the Advances so made to the Memorialist, to be lodged in the Office of the Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and that the Amount stated in each such Certificate to have been so advanced should be repaid by Five equal Instalments, the First thereof to be made on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirtyfour, and One of the Four remaining Instalments on the First Day of November in each of the succeeding Four Years, in the Manner and subject to the Conditions recited in the said Act: And whereas, under the Powers contained in the said Act, Advances to a large Amount have been made to Parties entitled to ' Tithes arising out of Lands in Ireland for the said Years One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and One thousand eight hundred and thirtythree: And whereas it may be expedient not to enforce immediate

Payment from the Parties to whom such Advances have been made of the several Instalments which became due from them on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four and on the First Day of November One thousand eight

S&4W. 4. C. 100.

C. 95.

6° Sc 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 79.

Powers vested in the Treasury by last-recited Act revived.

Repayment of

Instalments

postponed.

[Proviso.]

The Treasury not to stop Proceedings for Recovery of Instalments in certain Cases.

Act not to extend to Instalments due from Lay Impropriators.

Proceedings not to be stopped where rties refuse

eight hundred and thirty-five: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to suspend, until after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, Proceedings for recovering Payment of certain Instalments of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if it should seem to them expedient so to do, to delay or suspend the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceedings for Recovery or enforcing Payment of any such Instalments as aforesaid until after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six: And whereas it is expedient to make further and other Provisions with respect to the Recovery of the said Instalments and of the Instalments which will become due and payable on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Powers and Authorities vested by the said last-recited Act in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be and the same are hereby revived and continued; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them to delay or suspend the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceedings for Recovery or enforcing Payment of any of the said Instalments already become due or to become due on "the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six until and after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven: Provided always, that the Institution or Prosecution of such Proceedings shall not be delayed or suspended under the Authority of this Act in any Case in which the Parties applying for such Delay or Suspension have received the Whole or the greater Part of the Tithe due to them respectively for the Years One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four and One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to suspend or delay the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceedings for the Recovery of the said Instalments in any Case in which, either by Act of Law or the Undertaking of the Parties, the said Instalments have become due and payable by the Owner or Landlord, and have ceased to be payable to the Tithe Owner by the Tenant in Possession.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to the Case of any Instalment due by any Lay Impropriator, to whom Advances were made under the Authority of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Tithes chargeable upon Lands the Estate and Property of the said Impropriator.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Institution or Proceedings for the Recovery of such Instalments shall not be delayed or suspended in any Case in which the Parties shall neglect or refute to furnish to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's

6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 95, 96.

577

jesty's Treasury such Information as the said Commissioners shall require for the Purpose of enabling them to decide how far it may be expedient to delay or suspend the Institution of such Proceedings.

V. And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, of all Sums recovered in respect of any of the said Instalments, accompanied by a Statement of the several Cases in which, under the Power and Authority vested in them by this Act, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have delayed or suspended the Institution or Prosecution of Proceedings for the Recovery of the said Instalments, or any of them.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments.

[19th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to establish one uniform Mode

* of rating for the Relief of the Poor throughout England

and Wales, and to lessen the Cost' of Appeal against an unfair 1 Rate Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after such Period, not being earlier than the Twenty-first Day of March next after the passing of this Act, as the Poor Law Commissioners shall by any Order under their Seal of Office direct, no Rate for the Relief of the Poor in England and Wales shall be allowed by any Justices, or be of any Force, which shall not be made upon an Estimate of the net annual Value of the several Hereditaments /ated thereunto; that is to say, of the Rent at which the same might reasonably be expected to let from Year to Year, free of all usual Tenants Rates and Taxes, and Tithe Commutation Rent-charge, if any, and deducting therefrom the probable average annual Cost of the Repairs, Insurance, and other Expences, if any, necessary to maintain them in a State to command such Rent: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter or affect the Principles or different relative Liabilities (if any) according to which different Kinds of Hereditaments are now by Law rateable.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Rate made after the said Period shall, in addition to any other Particular which the Form of making out such Rate shall require to be set forth, contain an Account of every Particular set forth at the Head of the respective Columns in the Form given in the Schedule to this Act annexed, so far as the same can be ascertained; and the Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Officers whose Duty it may be to make and levy the said Rate, or such a Number of the said Churchwardens and Overseers or other Officers as are competent to the making and levying of the same, shall* before the Rate is allowed by the Justices, sign the Declaration given at the Foot of the said Form; and otherwise the said Rate shall be of no Force or Validity: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall 6 & 7 Gul. IV. P p be

Account and Statement to be laid before Parliament.

All Rates to be made on the net annual Value of the Property.

[Proviso.]

Rates to be made in a given

Form.

C. 96.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Nothing herein to prevent Owners from compounding f Rates.

Power to order new Survey and Valuation.

Power for Surveyors to enter and examine Lands, &c. for Purposes of Survey and Plans.

Power to take Copies or Extracts of Rates gratis.

Penalty for Refusal to permit.

be construed to prevent the Owners of Tenements from compounding for the Rates to be assessed on the same in such Manner as they were by any Statute or Statutes enabled to do before the passing of this Act, so that the gross estimated Rental of the Hereditaments compounded for be entered on the Rate in the proper Column.

III. And be it enacted, That when it shall be made to appear to the Poor Law Commissioners by Representation in Writing from the Board of Guardians of any Union or Parish under their Common Seal, or from the Majority of the Churchwardens and Overseers or other Officers competent as aforesaid to the making and levying the Rate, that a fair and correct Estimate for the aforesaid Purposes cannot be made without a new Valuation, it shall be lawful for the Poor Law Commissioners, where they shall see fit, to order a Survey, with or without a Map or Plan, on such Scale as they shall think fit, to be made and taken of the Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments liable to Poor Rates in such Parish, or in all or any One or more Parishes of such a Union, and a Valuation to be made of the said Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, according to their annual Value, and to direct such Guardians to appoint a fit Person or Persons to make and take every such Survey, Map or Plan, and Valuation, and to make Provision for paying the Costs of every such Survey, Map or Plan, and Valuation, either by a separate Rate or by a Charge on the Poor Rates, as they may see fit; but in case of such Charge being made, then Provisions shall be made for paying off not less than One Fifth of the Sum charged on the Rates, and such Interest as may from Time to Time be payable in respect of such Chaxge or any Part thereof, in each succeeding Year, till the whole is repaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of making every such Survey, Map or Plan, and Valuation, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so to be appointed for making the same respectively, together with their and every of their Assistants and Servants, at all reasonable Times, until the same respectively shall be completed, to enter, view, and examine, survey and admeasure, all and every Part of the Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments aforesaid, and to do or cause to be done any Act or Thing necessary for making such Survey, Map or Plan, and Valuation: Provided always, that any Map, Survey, Plan, or Valuation made previously to the Appointment of such Person or Persons which shall be tendered to him or them, and which shall be in his or their Judgment and to his or their Satisfaction a just and true Map or Survey, proper for the Purposes aforesaid, may be used for such Purposed.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons rated to the Relief of the Poor of the Parish in respect of which any Rate shall be made, at all seasonable Times, to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom without paying any thing for the same, any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rate shall refuse to permit or shall not permit such Person or Persons so rated as aforesaid to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, the Person or Persons so refusing or not permitting such Copy or Extract to be made shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in

9 a sum-

A.D. 1836.

66° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 96.

579

a summary Way before any Justice of the Peace haying Jurisdiction in the Parish or Place*.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Justices acting in and for Justices acting every Petty Sessions Division shall Four Times at least in every Petty S*-Year hold a Special Sessions for hearing Appeals against the Rates of the several Parishes within their respective Divisions, and shall Se^onslnthe cause public Notice of the Time and Place when and where such Year to hear Special Sessions will be holden to be affixed to' or near to the Appeek. Door of the Parish Church of the said Parishes, Twenty-eight Days at the least before the holding of the same; and such Special Sessions shall add may be adjourned from Time to Time by the Justices there present, as they may think fit; and at such special or adjourned Sessions the Justices there present shall hear and determine all Objections to any such Rate on the Ground of Inequality, Unfairness, or Incorrectness in the Valuation of any Hereditaments included therein, which Decision shall be binding and conclusive on the Parties, unless the Person or Persons impugning such Decision shall within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been made cause Notice to be given in Writing of his, her, or their Intention of appealing against such Decision, and of the Matter or Cause of such Appeal, to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Decision shall have been made, and within Five Days after giving such Notice shall enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, with sufficient Securities, conditioned) to try such Appeal at the then next General Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall first happen, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs aS shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, Jjournment thereof;

Matter of Appeal, shall and may, according to their Discretion, award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination in or concerning the Premises shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, Steven Day* that no such Objection shall be inquired into by the said Justices Notice to be in Special Session unless Notice of such Objection in Writing under jj*?1 the Hand of the Complainant shall have been given, Seven Days at least before the Day appointed for such Special Session, to the Collector, Overseers, or other Persons by whom such Rate was made: Provided also, that the said Justices in Special Session shall Proviso, not be authorized to inquire into the Liability of any Hereditaments to be rated, but only into the true Value thereof and into the Fairness of the Amount at which the same shall have been rated.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Justices present at any such Justices may special or adjourned Session shall for the aforesaid Purpose have with the all the Powers of amending or quashing any such Rate so objected to of any Parish or other District within their Division, and like- m

wise of awarding Costs to be paid by or to any of the Parties, Sessions, and of recovering such Costs, which any Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace has upon Appeals from any such Rate, except as herein excepted: Provided always, that no Order of the said Justices shall be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to deprive any

and such Justices, upon hearing

determining such

Pp 2

Person

580

C. 96.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6:

Limits of Act.

Act may be repealed

Person or Persons of the Right to appeal against any Rate to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions: Provided also, that no Order of the said Justices in Special Session shall be of any Force pending any Appeal touching the same Subject Matter to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace having Jurisdiction to try such Appeal, or in opposition to the Order of any such Court upon such AppeaL

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to England and Wales

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed or amended by any Act which shall be passed in thi« Session.

to a S.s| i i "3 to to 2* 2 ° $ m - o o

Rateable Value. *xJ o o o so ° jg w to ip

Grow estimated Rental. £ i. d. 60 0 0 SO 0 0 I 10 0 &c.

Estimated Extent. 5 0 O " £ <9 ° .

Name or Situation of Property. Whiteacre Farm. In West Street In Drick Lane Ac.

Description of Property rated. Land and Buildings. House and Garden. House Ac.

Name of Owner. John Green Ditto t Ditto &c.

0/ a£ E<». o. *03 8 O James Smith Ditto John Poor -&c.

Arrears due, No.! or | if excused. .* -1 i M ' .' M,

c. 4

llli

J:

S '

6? & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 97, 98.

581

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions.

[19th August 1836.]

M 4 W. 4. c. 11. 38 G. 3. c. 5, recited. The Duties on Offices M and Pensions continued by 4 W. 4. c. 11. from 25th March 1834 " until 5th July 1835 further continued from that Period, and " made perpetual. Duties assessed since 5th July 1835 deemed " to have been lawfully assessed; and where not assessed or collected may be now done. § 1. Provisions of 6 G. 4.C. 9. for " ascertaining and regulating the Duties extended to this Act. " { 2. No Assessment shall be made in respect of the Duties on " Pensions, &c. payable out of the Public Revenue, but such " Duties shall be charged as heretofore, and Monies applicable " to the Payment of the Pensions shall be paid less by the " Amount of such Duties. Proviso for Salaries payable in part " only out of the Public Revenue. § 3. Monies collected under 4* the Act to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the " Consolidated Fund. § 4."

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament

[20th August 1836.]

§ I. There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 183 ^, j£4,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

II. The Treasury may cause j£4,000,000 of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

III. The Clauses, &c. in that Act extended to this Act

IV. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3\<L per Cent*per Diem.

V. Bank may advance j£4,000,000 on the Credit of this Act

VI. The Treasury may cause Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be

delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

VII. Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to Services voted in this Session.

VIII. Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. Monies coming into the Exchequer by cc. 1. 18. and 26. antey- 15,000,000 by Exchequer Bills under c. 2. ante, -j£l4, 007, 950 by Exchequer Bills under c. 113. postf- and also the said /£4,000,000, shall be applied as hereafter expressed.

X. There shall be issued and applied,

s£4, 533, 543 0 0 For Naval Services, viz.

1, 069, 122 0 0 For Wages of 33, 700 Seamen and Marines, and to the Ordinary and Yard Craft 437, 103 0 0 For their Victuals - - (

110, 302 0 0 For Salaries, &c. of Officers, and contingent Expences of the Admiralty Office P p 3

To

31st March 1837.

582

-C. 98.

* 26, 370 0 0 349, 661 0 0

300,000 0 0 813, 985 0 0

538, 570 0 0

210, 042 0 0

118, 214 0 0

21, 826 0 0 24*335 0 0

71, 435 0 0

106, 091 0 0 19, 221 0 0 67, 921 0 0 150, 089 0 0

99, 256 0 0

XL 6, 328, 710 9 7 3, 085, 280 6 8

153, 684 8 5

57, 479 8 6 13, 764 15 8

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

For ditto of the Scientific Departments of the Navy For Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others in Naval Establishments at Home For Naval Stores, &c.

For Half Pay of Navy and Marines -

For Military Pensions and Allowances -

For Civil Pensions and Allowances -

For Salaries, &c. of Officers, and contingent Expences of Naval Establishments at Home

For ditto of Naval Establishments Abroad For Wages of Artificers, La- > tourers, and others in Naval Establishments Abroad For completing the Sum necessary for the Purchase of Naval Stores for building Ships, &c.

For new Works and Improvements in Yards For Medicines and Medical Stores - For Naval Miscellaneous Services - For Charge of Transports, and Conveyance and Victualling of Troops, and Freight of Stores, on account of Army and Ordnance For conveying Convicts to New South Wales -, -_

To

31st JMdreh 1837-

For Army Services after mentioned, viz* For Forces in the United Kingdom and Stations Abroad (except India)

For General Staff Officers and Officers of Hospitals in the United Kingdom and on Foreign Stations (except India) , and for the Garrison of the Tower For Allowances to principal Officers of Military Departments in Great Britain, their Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences For the Military Asylum and Hibernian Military School -J

From >lst April 1836 to Sist March 1837.

A.D. 1836. 6°

£ 106, 211 6 16, 311 13

106,000 0 71, 500 0 566,000 0

75, 760 0

148, 990 0 154,000 0

1, 337,000 19 47, 823 7

25,000 0

195, 895 13 118, 058 9 49, 950 0 4 XII. 1, 263, 449 0 6, 796 0

8, 181 0 13, 890 0 27, 778 0 £ 33, 968 0 4, 447 0

73, 821 0

274, 496 0 36, 045 0

602 0 10, 129 0

& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 98. 583

8

4

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

10

0

2

10

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain -

For Rewards for Military Services and Allowances to Garrison Officers in the United Kingdom and ForeignStations For Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments For Full Pay for reduced and retired Officers For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced and retired Officers - For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers For Pensions to Widows of Officers -

For Compassionate List, Allowances of His Majesty's Bounty, and Pensions to wounded Officers - For Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals -

For Superannuations to Persons formerly belonging to Public Military Departments For Maintenance, &c. of Forces at the Cape of Good Hope -.

For disembodied Militia.

For the Commissariat Department

For Half Pay, Pensions, and Allowances in ditto.

For Ordnance Services for the Year 1836-7.

For Salaries to the Civil Establishments of the Ordr nance at the Tower, Pall Mall, and Dublin.

For the Civil Establishments at Woolwich.

For Salaries at Home Stations.

For ditto' Abroad and in Ireland.

For Salaries of Barrack Masters and Serjeants.

For Master Gunners in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and Ireland.

For the Engineers, Sappers, and Miners in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Colonies.

For the Royal Artillery.

For Horse Artillery and Riding House Troop for the United Kingdom.

For the Field Train Department For the Medical Establishment for the United Kingdom and the Colonies.

For Superintendence of Ordnance Works and Repairs. P p 4

From 1st April 1836 to 31st March 1837 *

29, 240 0

584

C. 98.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

£ 10, 672 0 0

29, 240 0 0

53, 526 0 0

57, 753 0 0

131, 113 0 0

75,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

5, 418 0 0

159, 617 0 0

141, 417 0 0

XIII. 28, 521, 550 0 0

XIV. 486, 400 0 0

XV. 1, 940 0 0

4, 449 13 4

3, 070 0 0

10, 905 15 10

14, 140 18 6

7, 378 15 0

20,000 0 0

16, 877 0 0

963 0 10

1, 900 0 0

35,000 0 0

XVI. 2,000,000 0 0

50,000 0 0

64, 450 0 0

15,000 0 0

12, 226 0 0

6, 455 0 0

25, 860 0 0

31, 112 0 0

4, 547 0 0

3, 755 0 0

15, 300 0 0

7,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

42, 300 0 0

11, 270 0 0

14, 832 0 0

For Ordnance Works and Repairs, and Storekeepers Expenditure.

For Superintendence of building and repair of Barracks.

For building and repair of Barracks.

For Barrack Masters Department

For Military, Civil, and Barrack Contingencies.

For the Ordnance and Military Store Branch.

For Stores for Foreign Works and Repairs for the Year 1837-8.

For Ordnance Services not provided for by Parliament

For Superannuations, retired Allowances, Pensions, &c. for 1836-7.

For Bread, Meat &c. for Troops in Great Britain, and for Coals, &c. to Stations in the Colonies.

To Jpay off Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1835 and 1836.

To pay off Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works, and for Relief of Persons who have sustained Losses in the West Indies,

For the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands to the 31st of March 1837.

For ditto of Bermuda,

For ditto of Prince Edwards Island,

For ditto of Settlements in Western Africa.

For Ecclesiastical Establishment in North America, For Settlement in Western Australia,

For the Indian Department in Canada,

For Salaries to Governors, &c. of West India Colonies.

For the Civil Establishment at Heligoland,

For ditto at Nova Scotia,

For Civil and Military Establishments at St, Helena, For Miscellaneous Services.

For Civil Contingencies to 31st March 1837.

For Public Buildings and Works heretofore charged upon the Civil List.

For Works, &c. at jKingstown Harbour.

For ditto at Port Patrick Harbour.

For Holyhead and Liverpool Roads, and Holyhead and Howth Harbours.

For new Buildings at the British Museum,

To complete the National Gallery.

For temporary Accommodation of the Houses of Parliament.

To complete the Works at Windsor Castle,

For restoring the Penitentiary at Milbank,

For Prison Buildings at Dartmoor for 1836.

For Judges Chambers in 1836.

For Deficiency of Fee Fund at^ the Treasury - - I To

For ditto at the Home Office - | 31st March 1837* For ditto at the Foreign Office J

A.D. 1830.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 98.

585

£ 12, 270 0 0 20, 288 0 0

6,000 0 0

5, 4*10 0 0

31, 500 0 0

5, 4-00 0 0

4, 150 0 0 14, 650 0 0

3, 700 0 0

2, 006 0 0 12, 500 0 0

1,000 0 0

15, 600 0 0

29.800 0 0 5, 100 0 0

753 0 0 30,000 0 0

36.800 0 0

10, 090 0 0 49, 180 0 0 14, 700 0 0

103, 516 0 0

5, 500 0 0 4, 900 0 0 73, 905 0 0

10, 500 0 0

For ditto at the Colonial Office"

For ditto at the Privy Council Office

For contingent Expences at the Treasury - For ditto in the Home Department -

For ditto in the Foreign Department - 1

For ditto in the Colonial De- f To

partment ... 31st March 1837.

For ditto in the Privy Council For, Salaries, &c. of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Paymaster of Civil Services - For Messengers and Officers at the Treasury and Exchequer -

For Professors in Oxford and-

Cambridge For Salaries and Expences of Insolvent Debtors Court

For Superintendence of Aliens to 5th April 1837.

For the Penitentiary at MUbank to 31st March 1837-For Expences under Municipal Corporations Acts. For Commissioners of Criminal Law.

For Commissioners of County Rates.

For Commissioners of Charities from the 22d October 1835 to 1st March 1837.

For Commissioners of Religious Instruction in Ireland.

For ditto in Scotland.

For Commissioners of Poor-Laws. For Commissioners for preventing Traffic in Slaves For Salaries, &c. of Consuls and Superintendents of Trade at Canton -

For Salaries of Factory Inspectors -

For ditto of Inspectors of Prisons - - y

For retired Allowances to Persons formerly in Public Offices or in the Public Service For Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, &c.

To

31st March 1837.

1, 850 0 0 For the Vaccine Establishment for 1836. 3,000 0 0 For the Refuge for the Destitute for 1836.

586

C. 98.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183&

£ 2, 900 0 0

4, 600 0 0

80,000 0 0

21, 974 0 0

36,000 0 0

198, 478 0 0

8, 600 0 0

8,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

57, 400 0 0

242,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

2, 400 0 0

20,000 0 0

40, 200 0 0

40,000 0 0

18, 700 0 0

78,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

8,000 0 0

69, 950 0 0

25,000 1, 874 0 0

5 0

73, 250 0 0

34,000 0 0

3, 981 0 0

6, 497 0 0

40,000 0 0

9, 250 0 0

1, 500 0 0

To

31st March 1837 *

For confining and maintaining i Criminal Lunatics For Protestant Dissenting Ministers, French Refugee Clergy and Laity, &c.

For Civil Contingencies For the British Museum to Lady Day 1837.

For Foreign and other Secret"

Services -

For Stationery, Printing, tkc, for Public Departments and Parliament - *

For Expepce of Gold Coinage - For Prosecutions relating to the Coin -

For Law Charges For Convicts at Home and in Bermuda For Convicts in New. South Wales and Van Diemen's Land - For Support of captured Negroes, ire. - For Compensation to Sir A.B. King

For Parliamentary Fees on Turnpike Road Acts in 1836.

For the Erection of Schoolhouses in England to the 31st March 1837.

For Barristers for revising Lists of Voters For Charges hitherto paid out of County Rates for 1836.

To

31st March 1837 *

For Expences of Sheriffs and Deficiency of Fees in the Remembrancer s Office.

For Losses by Act of the Danish Government in 1807.

For distressed Poles.

For Steam Communication with India,

For Salaries, &c. of Special Justices in the Colonies to 31st March 1837.

For educating emancipated Negroes.

For Salaries of Agents for Emigration.

For Officers of the Houses of Parliament, &c^ for 1836, and to the 31st March 1837.

For Expences of Record Commission -

For the State Paper Office and Offices for the Custody of Records

For Works, &c. at Buckingham Palace,

For Pay Offices of Army, Navy, and Ordnance to 31st March 1837.

For Purchases for the British Museum,

For School of Design.

I To

[31st March 1837 *

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 98.

587

£ 10,000 0 0

38, 289 0 0

55,000 0 0

XVII. 38, 500 0 0

20,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

150 0 0

1,000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

1,000 0 0

1, 500 0 0

3, 800 0 0

500 0 0

8, 928 0 0

5, 300 0 0

300 0 0

300 0 0

2, 375 0 0

11, 653 0 0

XVIII. 700 0 0

12, 800 0 0

22, 472 0 0

12, 406 0 0

6, 897 0 0

5, 500 0 0

25, 579 0 0

65,000 0 0

17, 900 0 0

3, 140 0 0

7,000 0 0

527 0 0

6,000 0 0

For the Erection of Schoolhouses and Model Schools in Scotland for 18S6.

For repairing the Loss sustained by the Bank in 1831 by melting Silver Coi* into Bullion.

For Miscellaneous Charges for Scotland.

For the Advancement of Edu-- cation in Ireland For the Foundling Hospital in Dublin - ...

For the House of Industry in Dublin, and Hospitals attached - For the Hibernian Marine Society ...

For the Female Orphan House

To

31st March 1837.

in Dublin For the Westmorland Lock Hospital - - y

For the Lying-in Hospital For Dr. Stevens Hospital For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Dublin - For the Hospital for Incurables For the Roman Catholic College For the Royal Dublin Society For the Royal Irish Academy - For the Royal Hibernian Academy

For the Royal Belfast Academical Institution For Tyrone House, Dublin, for 1836.

For Board of Charitable Bequests in Ireland to 31st March 1837.

For the Board of Works for 1836.

For Secretaries to Lord Lieutenant, of the Privy Council Office, and Printing for Public Offices in Ireland For Household of the Lord Lieutenant and other Officers, formerly charged on the Civil List

For the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer For publishing Proclamations and Statutes

To

31st March 1837.

For Dissenting Ministers For Criminal Prosecutions For the Dublin Police For Public Works For Townland Survey of Ireland For Repairs of Dunmore Harbour - For Clerks of the Peace under 2 Sf 3 W. 4. c. 45.

588 C. 98, 99. 6° & 79 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

j XIX. Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

XX. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated to

Half Pay. This Act not to prevent receiving Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers. Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since Judy 1828. An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament

XXI. Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to

receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

XXII. Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for the

Payment of Half Pay, without the*Oaths having been taken as required by 5 # 6 IT. 4. c. 80., indemnified.

XXIII. Half Pay allowed to the Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

XXIV. Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not being in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

XXV. The Surplus of the Sum appropriated for Half Pay by 5 Sf 6 W, 4-c. 80. authorized to be disposed of to maimed or meritorious Officers, or their Widows or Children, as His Majesty shall direct.

XXVI. Widows and Persons claiming Pensions to make the required De-

claration.

XXVII. Declaration to be made as specified in 5 <fjr 6 W. 4. c. 62.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend Two Acts passed respectively in the Third and Fourth and in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church of Ireland.

[20th August 1886.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Temporalities 1 of the Church in Ireland, which Act was amended by another

Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His ' said Majesty: And whereas it is expedient to extend, explain,

and amend, in certain respects, the Provisions of the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any inferior Tenant or Lessee, holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of any Lease or Contract containing a toties quoties Covenant for Renewal, and whose next immediate Landlord has or shall have acquired a perpetual Estate or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, to apply to such next immediate Landlord for a Conveyance of a perpetual Estate and Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Conveyance such next immediate Landlord is hereby required to make and execute to such inferior Tenant, his Heirs and Assigns; provided that such Tenant shall previously have paid or tendered to such Landlord or his known Agent such

3 & 4 W. 4. C. 37.

4&*W.4. c. 90.

Inferior Tenants may apply to their immediate Landlord, having acquired a Perpetuity, for a like Conveyance;

such Tenant having pre-

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 9 9;

589

Sum or Sums of Money as shall be payable by such Tenant as or for Contribution to the Purchase Money paid or secured by such Landlord for the Purchase of a perpetual Estate or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to the said recited Acts and this Act, together with all Rent, and Fines and Fees for Renewal, and all Arrears thereof, then due and payable by such Tenant by virtue of such Lease or Contract.

II. And be it enacted, That the yearly Rent to be reserved on every such last-mentioned Conveyance shall be ascertained in manner following; that is to say, when the Fine and Fees payable by such inferior Tenant upon each Renewal of his Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be a fixed and ascertained Sum, then, in the Case of Leases or Interests renewable every Year, the Amount of such Fine and Fees, or, in the Case of Leases renewable at longer Intervals than every Year, the annual average Amount of such Fine and Fees computed as by the said first-recited Act directed for the Purposes of that Act, shall be added to the yearly Rent reserved and made payable by the Lease or Contract under which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are held by such inferior Tenant; and when the Fine and Fees payable by such inferior Tenant upon every such Renewal as aforesaid shall be a fixed Proportion of or dependent upon the Renewal Fine payable by the immediate superior Tenant of said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then there shall be added to the yearly Rent reserved upon such f Lease or Contract a Sum* of Money bearing a like Proportion to the average annual Amount of the Renewal Fine so payable by such immediate superior Tenant, as the same shall have been ascertained by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland pursuant to the said recited Acts; and such yearly Rent reserved upon such Lease or Contract, together with such Sum of Money so to be added thereto as aforesaid, shall be the future Rent to be reserved on the Conveyance of a perpetual Estate or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to such inferior Tenant

III. And be it enacted, That in case of any Dispute or Difference between such inferior Tenant and his next immediate Land lord, or in case such Landlord shall not execute to such Tenant a Conveyance of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within One Calendar Month next after the same shall have been duly tendered to him or to his known Agent, or in case such next immediate Landlord shall be an Infant or Lunatic, or shall not be resident in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such inferior Tenant to apply to the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer in Ireland by Petition setting forth the Facts and Circumstances of the Case; and it shall and may be lawful for such Court to hear such Petition in a summary Manner, and to make such Order thereon as such Court shall think fit, and to appoint a Person to execute such Conveyance to such Tenant in the Name of such Landlord, in case such Landlord shall reside out of the Jurisdiction of such Court or shall labour under any legal Disability, or in case such Court for any other Reason shall think it expedient to appoint such Person; and every

viously paid or tendered his Contribution and Arrears of Rent and Fine.

For ascertaining the yearly Rent to be reserved on such Conveyances.

In case of Dispute, &c. the Tenant may petition the Court of Chad-eery or Exchequer.

Court may determine in a summary Manner, and appoint a Person to convey.

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S&

Tenants for Life, fee. (ex. oept Infenfei and T.matiw)

may convey.

Rent rcacnrod on such Conveyance to be subject to Variation in certain Cases.

6 G.4. c.cxciii.

9G.4. c.xcvL

10 G. 4. c.cix.

1 & 2W.4. c.lvi *

6 W. 4. c. ixxik

such Conveyance so executed shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

IV. And foe it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such next immediate Landlord, and he is hereby authorized and required, although he shall be Tenant for Life or for any other United Interest of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or although he shall labour under any legal Incapacity or Disability (except Infancy or Lunacy) , to execute such Conveyance to his next inferior Tenant, subject to the Provisions herein-before contained, and every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any Portion of the yearly Rent reserved on such Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be a Proportion of or dependent upon the average annual Amount, as ascertained by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, of the Renewal Fine payable by the first and immediate Tenant of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then and in every such Case such yearly Rent shall be subject to Variation in like Manner and at such Times as the Rents reserved upon the immediate Conveyance of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or by the Archbishop, Bishop, or other sole Ecclesiastical Corporation under whom the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are held; and all the Provisions in the said recited Acts contained relative to the Variation of such last-mentioned Rents shall be applicable to Rents reserved on Conveyances to be made under the Provisions of this Act, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of each Case will admit

VI. And whereas certain Portions of the Lands belonging to the Sees of Armagh and Clogher have been or may be conveyed to the Ulster Canal Company under or by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne t* 4 the County of Fermanagh to the River Blackwater near the Village of Charlemont in the County of Armagh; and of a certain other Act of Parliament made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne in the County of Fermanagh to the River Blackwater near the Village of Charlemont in the County of Armagh; and of a certain other Act of Parliament made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act to explain rthe Acts for making the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh; and of a certain other Act of Parliament made and passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh; and of a certain other Act of Parliament made and passed in the present Session of Parliament.

intituled An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal

in

A.D. 1830.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

591

in the Counties of Fermanagh, Monaghan, and Armagh m Ireland; for which Compensation has been already awarded or is provided by said Acts to be awarded to the said Sees of Armagh and Clogher; be it enacted, That the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or the Arbitrators, as the Case may be, are hereby authorized and required to make such Abatement in the reserved Rents hereafter to be charged in the Perpetuity sought to be acquired, or in the Kent and Renewal Fine of any Lease sought to be renewed, as to them may appear reasonable and just in proportion to the Value of the Lands so conveyed or which may^hereafter be so conveyed to said Ulster Canal Company as aforesaid *

VII. And be it enacted, That every such next immediate Landlord shall and may have all such and the like Remedies for the Recovery of the Rent reserved upon any such Conveyance to his inferior Tenant or Tenants as any Landlord or Lessor now has, or may, can, or shall have by virtue of any Law now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland for the Recovery of Rent payable under a Demise by which a Reversion is reserved to or remains in such Landlord or Lessor; and every Person who shall have acquired the Fee Simple or ^Inheritance in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pursuant to the Provisions of this Act shall and may have all such and the like Remedies against his Under-tenants as in and by the said recited Acts are provided in Cases of Persons who shall have acquired the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under the Provisions of the said recited Acts.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to alter or affect the Provisions of the said recited Acts with respect to Renewals to be made to inferior Tenants holding under Leases or Contracts containing toties quoties Covenants for Renewal in the Case of any such inferior Tenant who shall not apply to his next immediate Landlord, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, for a Conveyance of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held by him under such next immediate Landlord.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, at any Time after Application shall have been made to them for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pursuant to the said recited Acts or this Act, to cause such Certificate of the Terms of such Purchase, and of the Amount of Purchase Money to be paid on the Completion of such Purchase, and of the annual Rent to be reserved and made payable in and by the Deed or Deeds of Conveyance, as by the said recited Acts they are directed to grant to the Applicant when so required, to be without any Request on his Part delivered to him, together with a Notice in Writing to be annexed to such Certificate requiring such Applicant to complete such Purchase, pursuant to the said recited Acts, within such Time as shall be specified in such Notice, not being less than Six Calendar Months from the Service thereof; and the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, if they shall so think fit, cause such Certificate and Notice to be transmitted to such Applicant by Post, addressed

to

Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Arbitrators to make Abatement in the reserved Rents and Renewal Fines of certain

Reservation of Remedies for Recovery of Rent.

Saving of Provisions of recited Acts as to Under-tenants who shall not apply for Perpetuities.

Commissioners may give Certificates of Terms of Purchase, and call on Tenants by Notice to complete their Purchases.

Service of Notice.

592

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

In case of Failure to complete the Purchase, the Applicant shall be deemed to have renounced his Right thereto.

Reserving to Tenant the Right to call for an Arbitration.

Deeds shall be enrolled by depositing Transcripts in the Rolls Office.

Transcripts to be arranged in Books.

Transcripts and 'Certificates not liable to Duty.

Fee on Enrolment.

Searches in Enrolment Books may be made on Payment of a Fee of St.

to him at his'usual Place of Residence, or to his known Agent or Receiver at the usual Place of Residence of such Agent or Receiver, and for the Purposes of this Act such Transmission by the Post to such Applicant, or his known Agent or Receiver, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of such Certificate and Notice; and if such Applicant shall neglect or refuse to complete such Purchase within Six Calendar Months after the Service of such Certificate and Notice, or within such further Period as shall be specified in such Notice, then and in every such Case such Applicant shall be deemed to have renounced such Purchase, and his Right of Preference thereto; and the said Commissioners shall deduct from the Sum deposited or secured, pursuant to the said recited Acts, by such Person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid to complete such Purchase, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall find necessary to defray the Expences which they may have incurred in ascertaining the Terms of such Purchase upon his said Application: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall have the Operation or Effect of interfering with the liight or depriving any Tenant of the Power of calling for and obtaining an Arbitration as provided by the said recited Acts in case he shall be dis-satisfied with the Terms of Purchase declared by the said Commissioners; and that in the event of such an Arbitration being called for and proceeded with by the Tenant the said Notice in Writing attached to the Certificate herein-before mentioned shall be set aside, and a new Notice of like Form shall be served on the Tenant by the said Commissioners at any Time after the Award of the Arbitrators who may be chosen shall be declared.

X. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which any Deed has been or shall hereafter be executed, which by the Provisions of the said recited Acts is required to be enrolled, the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall cause a Transcript of such Deed, certified under their Seal, to be made uppn Parchment, and deposited in the Hands of the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls or other proper Officer of the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, who upon Receipt thereof shall, without any Fiat or other Order, cause the same to be preserved in the said Rolls Office, and such Transcripts shall be conveniently arranged in Books for the Purpose of Reference and Examination; and every such Transcript so deposited shall be and be deemed and taken to be an Enrolment of such Deed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that neither such Transcript, for Enrolment, nor any Certificate required by the said recited Acts, or either of them, to be given or enrolled, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever; and that no Fee shall be demanded or paid for the Enrolment of any Certificate required by Law to be annexed to the Enrolment of any such Deed as aforesaid, in addition to the Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence payable on Enrolment of such Deed, pursuant to the said first-recited Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to make Searches in such Enrolment Books for the Enrolment or Enrolments of any Deed or Deeds which he shall have Occasion to examine, and every Person making any such Search shall pay for the same (including the Liberty of taking

8 Notes

6°, & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

598

Notes or making Ettracts from any Enrolment or Enrolments) a Fee of Two Shilling! and Sixpence, and no more, for such Day on which he shall make any such Search.

XII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said first-recited Act as provides that any Archbishop, Bishop, or Person, other than the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, shall cause any such Deed or Deeds to be enrolled, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall defray the Costs and Expence! of making such Transcript for Enrolment, and of enrolling the same in manner aforesaid, out of the Purchase Money paid for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the Lands, Tenements, or Premises comprised in such Transcript

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Tenant or Under-tenant shall be the Purchaser of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held under or by virtue of Two or more Leases, it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if in their Discretion they shall so think proper, to accept of a Mortgage on the Lands comprised in any One or more of such Leases for the Purchase Money of the whole, provided that the yearly Value of the Portion or Portions of such Lands so proposed to be mortgaged, clear of all Rents, Charges, and Outgoings whatsoever, shall be at least Three Times the Amount of the yearly Interest payable in respect of such Mortgage.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, cause proper Forms of the Conveyances, Mortgages, Leases, and other Documents required for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act to be prepared, and such Forms shall be authenticated by the Corporate Seal of the said Commissioners, and deposited in their Office, there to be kept and preserved, and such Forms may be used for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Exception or Variation as from Time to Time or in any particular Case the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners may find necessary or convenient; and such Forms so authenticated, or such amended Forms in like Manner authenticated, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time cause to be prepared, shall be alike good and effectual as if the same were inserted in this Act; and Copies of all such Forms shall be printed under the Directions of the said Commissioners, and given to any Person demanding the same on Payment of the reasonable Expence of providing the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall cause all such Monies as may hereafter accrue to their Credit in the Perpetuity Purchase Fund Account mentioned in the said last-recited Act to be invested from Time to Time in such Public Securities as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall think fit; and the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have Power to sell and dispose of the same as Occasion shall arise, and apply the Proceeds thereof, and the Dividends and Interest arising therefrom, to the Purposes authorized and directed by the said last*-recited Act

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in any Demise or Lease to be made by them, pursuant to the said first-recited Act, of the See

6 & 7 Gul. IV. Q q House,

Commissioners to defray Expence* of Transcript and Enrolment.

If Tenants purchase Lands held by Two or more Leases, a Mortgage may be accepted of the Lands held by Ope of them.

Form* of Conveyances, Mortgages, See. to be prepared by the Commissioners.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall invest the Monies arising in the Perpetuity Fund Accoupt.

In Leases of See Houses, &c. Covenants not to sublet, except

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

with Consent of Commissioners, may be inserted, instead of absolute Covenants against subletting.

i of See Houses, &c. under Leases already made, may sublet with Consent of Commissioners.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners may make Leases and Renewals of Lands belonging to suspended Dignities or Benefices pending Suspension.

Tenants of such Lands may purchase Perpetuities pending

House, Offices, and Mensal or Demesne Lands of or belonging to any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, to cause to be inserted, instead of such Clause or Covenant against assigning or subletting^ as by the said Act is required, a Clause or Covenant making void such Demise or Lease in case the Premises thereby demised, or any Part thereof, shall be sublet or assigned without the previous Consent of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners testified in Writing under their Common Seal; which Consent the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall so think fit, to give, upon such Terms and subject to such Restrictions or Conditions as they shall deem expedient: Provided always, that such Consent shall not be construed to authorize or empower any Person deriving under the Person to whom the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have given such Consent as aforesaid to assign or sublet the Premises so demised or leased by the said Commissioners, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lessee named in any Lease or Demise heretofore made by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners of any such See House, Offices, Mensal or Demesne Lands, or for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Lessee, by and with the Consent, testified in Writing under their Common Seal, of the said Commissioners, and subject to such Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions as shall be expressed therein, to assign or sublet such See Houses, Offices, and Lands, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be specified in such Consent; and that no such Lease or Demise shall be or become void or voidable by reason of such assigning or subletting with such Consent as aforesaid, anything in such Demise or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever, under the Provisions of the said Acts or this Act, the Appointment, Presentation, or Collation to any Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice has been or shall be suspended, the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall, for and during such Period as such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice shall remain vacant, have, and at their Discretion exercise, by and in their own Name and Right, all such Powers of leasing and demising any Lands or Premises whatsoever belonging or appertaining or appropriated to or usually enjoyed with such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice as, in case no Suspension had taken place, any Person filling the same might have had or exercised; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Case of Lands or Premises demised by Leases customarily renewed from Time to Time, to accept Surrenders of such Leases, and to make new Leases or Renewals of the same respectively, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the said Commissioners are authorized and required to do in respect of any Lands or Premises, at any Time belonging to any Bishoprick, and which may have been transferred to and vested in them by virtue of the said Acts; and that it shall be lawful for the respective Tenants, Lessees, or Under-tenants of any such Lands or Premises, during the Suspension of such Appointment, Presentation, or Collation as aforesaid, to apply to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of a perpetual Estate and Interest of and in any such Lands or Premises,

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

595

misds, in like Manner as such Tenants, Lessees, or Under-tenants respectively could or might have done, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in case the Appointment, Collation, or Presentation to such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice had not been so suspended; and in case of any such Application all such and the like Proceedings shall be had as by the said Acts prescribed in the Case of any Application for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in any Lands or Premises at any Time belonging to any Bishoprick, and which may have been transferred to and vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of the said Acts.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in case of the Removal of any In case of Re-such Suspension as aforesaid, all Leases, Demises, Renewals, or movf1 of ^us-Conveyances theretofore made as aforesaid by the said Ecclesias- i^heret(K tical Commissioners shall be and remain valid and binding to all fore ma(je to be . Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided that in the Case of the valid, and the Removal of such Suspension, all Rent, Covenants, andf Reserve- Rents reserved tions made payable by or contained in such Lease, Demise, thereon payable Renewal, or Conveyance shall, from and after the Time when such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice shall have been filled, appointwl and become and be payable to and enure for the Benefit of the Person their Successors, appointed, collated, or presented to such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice, and his Successors, who shall have all such and the like Remedies for enforcing Payment or Performance of such Rent, Covenants, and Reservations, as if the same had been expressly made payable to or reserved or covenacted with or by the Person filling such Dignity, Office, Rectory, or Benefice, and his Successors.

XX. ' And whereas it is expedient to make more effectual Pro- The Remedy ' vision for enforcing Payment of Stipends or Salaries for the granted by

Maintenance of officiating Clergymen in Parishes whereof the 8 &.4 w-4-c*37 *

Tithes are appropriate or impropriate, and the Owners thereof "Storereforing ' are bound to maintain such Clergymen: And whereas by the repairChansaid recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His present cels or maintain

Majesty's Reign it was provided, that in any Case where the officiating Cler-

Owners of Impropriations or Impropriate Tithes are by Law 87men» ex",

bound, but refuse or neglect, to repair the Chancel of any

Church, or to maintain an officiating Minister, it should be Appropriators.

lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or for the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, to present a Petition to the

Court of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, praying Relief, and ' such Courts were authorized and required to hear such Petition ' in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein as should ' appear just: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said recited Provisions of the said Act be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be deemed and taken to extend and shall extend to Cases where the Owners of Appropriations or Appropriate Tithes are by Law bound, but refuse or neglect, to repair the

Chancel of any Church or to maintain an officiating Minister, in a

like Manner and as filly to all Intents and Purposes as to Cases where the Owners of Impropriations or Impropriate Tithes are so bound and so refuse or neglect to repair the Chancel of any Church or to maintain an officiating Minister.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which any Petition What is to shall be presented pursuant to the said recited Act or this Act for be deemed

Q q 2 the Evi<w of

596

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Liability to pay Stipend or repair Chancels.

Court may appoint Receiver.

How Commissioners shall proceed if Impropriator or Appropriator in any Pariah not having a Vicar or Curate endowed shall not contribute to the Maintenance of an officiating Minister.

Stipend shall be a paramount Charge on the Impropriate Tithes, and shall be payable from the lodging of the Certificate.

the Repair of any Chancel, or for-Recovery of any Stipend or Salary of an officiating Minister, or any Arrears thereof, the Certificate of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese in which the Church or Parish is situate, that such Chancel has been repaired or such Salary usually paid to the officiating Minister of such Parish, or that such Chancel has at any Time been agreed to be repaired or such Salary to be paid by the Owner or Owners of the Impropriation or Appropriation or Appropriate or Impropriate Tithes, as the Case may be, of such Parish, shall be prtmd Jade Evidence of the Liability of such Owner or Owners to pay such Stipend or Salary or repair such Chancel, as the Case may be; and every such Stipend or Salary shall be a Charge upon such Appropriate or Impropriate Tithes, paramount to all other Charges whatsoever.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court* to which any such Petition shall be presented to appoint a Receiver over any such Appropriate or Impropriate Tithes for Payment of any such Repairs, Stipend, or Salary, or Arrears thereof, or to direct that any Receiver already appointed over such Tithes shall pay such Repairs, Stipend, or Salary to the Person entitled to receive the same, in preference and priority to all other Charges whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever the Impropriator or Appropriator or Owner of the Appropriate or Impropriate Tithes of any Parish, not having a Vicar or Curate endowed, shall not maintain an officiating Minister in such Parish, or shall not have agreed to pay a Stipend or Salary for or towards the Maintenance of such officiating Minister, being by Law bound to maintain such Minister, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese in which such Parish is situate to certify to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners that there is no Vicar endowed, nor any Stipend paid to any Curate, or other Provision made by such Appropriator or Impropriator for the Discharge of the Spiritual Duties of such Parish, and that it is fit and proper that an officiating Minister should be maintained within the same; and thereupon the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if they shall deem it expedient so to do, shall fix and ascertain a proper and reasonable Stipend to be paid by the Impropriator or Appropriator or Owner of the Appropriate or Impropriate Tithes of such Parish, having regard to the annual Value of such Impropriate Tithes, and to the Extent of the Duty to be performed in such Parish; and the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall cause to be lodged in the Registry of the Diocese in which such Parish shall be situate a Certificate under their Seal of the Amount of the Stipend so ascertained, and shall also transmit to the Owner, or, if more than One, to each of the Owners of the Impropriate or Appropriate Tithes of such Parish a Copy of the said Certificate.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the Stipend so fixed and ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Charge on the Impropriate Tithes of such Parish paramount to all other Charges whatsoever, and shall, from and immediately after the lodging of such Certificate in the Registry of the Diocese, be paid and payable to the officiating Clergyman of such Parish for the Time being

-A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

597

being by equal Half-yearly Payments; and such officiating Clergyman shall be nominated and appointed from Time to Time in such Manner and subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the Curate of any Curacy augmented by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits pursuant to any Statutes heretofore in force in Ireland: Provided always, that the Amount of the Salary so to be fixed and ascertained by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall not exceed Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of the annual Value of the Impropriate or Appropriate Tithes of such Parish, as the same shall have been ascertained by the Certificate of the Commissioners appointed to carry into effect the Composition for Tithes in the said Parish.

XXV. And whereas it appears by the Report of certain Commissionera constituted and appointed by His Majesty for inquiring into Ecclesiastical Revenues and Patronage in Ireland,

bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, that there are in certain Cathedral ' Churches divers subordinate Corporations known by various

Names, and that some of such Corporations have dwindled down ' to a single Individual in each, who appears to be wholly discharged of any Duty whatever, and that some such Offices ' would long since have become wholly obsolete and extinct but

for the Emoluments which still attach and are enjoyed by the

Individuals who fill them be it therefore enacted, That the Right, Title, and Interest in and to all Lands, Tithes, Rents, Profits, and other Emoluments heretofore held and enjoyed by the Vicars Choral of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick's, Cashel, or by any Corporation of or belonging to any Cathedral Church in Ireland, known by the Names of Minor or Petty Canons, Vicars Choral, Vicars Choral and Organists, Prebendaries and Vicars, or Vicars and Choirmen, or by any other Name, and whether sole or aggregate, who shall not discharge any Duty, or shall not discharge Duties commensurate with the Extent of their Emoluments, shall, in the Case of the said Vicars Choral of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick's, Cashel, from and after the passing of this Act, and in the Case of each and every such other Corporation as aforesaid whensoever the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall on the Recommendation of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners think fit so to direct, vest in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, subject nevertheless to all valid Leases, Charges, and Incumbrances now affecting the same, and that the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof shall be by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners applied during the Lives of the present Members of such Corporations respectively to their Use, in the same Manner and Proportions as the same may now be enjoyed by or divisible amongst each and every of them; and that on the Demise or Cession of the respective Members of such Corporations adequate Provision be made out of such Rents, Issues, and Profits for the due Maintenance of such and so many of his or their Successors as may in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be required for the effectual Discharge of the Duties, if any, appertaining to the Members of such Corporations respectively, in Cases where such Provision is not made from other Sources; and that the Surplus of such Rents, Issues, and

Q q 3 Profits

Proviso as to Amount.

Property of Minor Canons and Vicars Choral vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners subject to existing Interests, and for the Maintenance of such Members of such Corporations as have Duties to perform.

598

C. 99.

6° & 7 GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

For removing Doubts as to the Provisions of the recited Act respecting the Precentor-ship of Christ Church, Dublin.

Profits from Time to Time accruing to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be carried to the general Fund under the Administration of the said Commissioners, who shall have all and every the like Powers of leasing and demising the Lands and Tithes so vesting in them as such Corporations may now respectively have, and be in all respects subject to such and the like Restrictions and Conditions.

XXVI. And whereas by the herein-before recited Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and His Majesty's Privy Council there, are empowered, on the Recommendation of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to order and direct that the Appointment to 'any Ecclesiastical Dignity or Office under the Rank of an Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, the Person holding which shall not have actual Cure of Souls within any Parish appropriated thereto, shall be suspended upon the next Avoidance until such Lord Lieutenant and Council shall think fit otherwise to direct, and that for and during such Period as such Dignity or Office shall remain vacant all and every the Tithes, Glebes, Lands, Rents, Profit^ and Emoluments whatsoever belonging or appertaining thereto, and all Arrears of such Tithes, Rents, Profits, and Emoluments which may have accrued due since the same may have become void as aforesaid, shall be vested in and received by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to be by them applied towards the like Purposes as the other Monies and Funds accruing to or vested in them under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions of the said Act apply to the Case of the Precentorship of the Church of the Hedy and Undivided Trinity, otherwise called Christ Church, in Dublin, 4 now vacant, by reason of the Cure of Souls in certain Parishes belonging in contemplation of Law to the said Precentor, 4 although in fact such Cure has not been served by the Occupant of such Dignity, nor by any resident Curate employed at a 4 sufficient Stipend: And whereas it is expedient to remove such Doubts, and also further to explain the said Act be it therefore enacted, That the herein-before recited Provisions of the said Act shall be taken to extend to the Baid Precentorship, and also to all Dignities or Offices the Occupants whereof, although having in contemplation of Law Cure of Souls, habitual or actual, in any Parish or Parishes appropriated or in anywise belonging thereto, shall not for Three Years next preceding the First Day of January last have continuously served the Cure of Souls in such Parish or Parishes, either personally or by a Curate licensed thereto, or in case the Appointment, Presentation, or Collation of any Clerk to such Parish or Parishes shall have been suspended or hereafter shall be suspended under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and also that the said Provisions of the said Act shall be taken to extend to all such Offices of or belonging to Cathedral Churches as in the said Act ifientioned, although the same may not be Ecclesiastical Offices nor held by Ecclesiastical Persons, and also to all Cases where Tithes may have been held or enjoyed by the Occupants of such Dignities or Offices, though not in Law

appropriated

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99.

599

appropriated to them, and also to Cases where Lands only, or Land as well as Tithes, may have been so held and enjoyed or appropriated, or where the same may be under Lease: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners that there are any Curates, perpetual or stipendiary, serving the Cure of Souls within any Parish appropriated to any such Dignity or Office, and that the Stipends allowed to such Curates are insufficient, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, from and out of the Profits or Emoluments of the Parish so appropriated, to allow such Stipend to any such Curate, not exceeding One hundred Pounds per Annum, as they may think necessary with regard to the Duties to be by him discharged.

XXVII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as the same is amended by the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, Authority is given to the said Lord Lieutenant

or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council, on the next Avoidance of any Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, Deanery, Archdeanery, Dignity, Prebend, or Canonry, or with the Consent of the Incumbent thereof, to disappropriate, disunite, and divest

from and out of the same any Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes or Portion of Tithes, and Glebes or Part or Parts thereof, and to unite any such Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes or Portion of Tithes, or Glebes or Part thereof, to the Vicarages or Perpetual or other ' Curacies of such Parishes respectively, or to any adjoining or neighbouring Rectory, Vicarage, or Curacy, or to erect the same into a distinct Parish or Benefice: And whereas Difficulties have arisen in carrying the Provisions of the said Acts into effect by reason of the Existence of Leases of Tithes or Portions of Tithes and Lands, sometimes included in one and the same Demise, and sometimes situate in or arising out of several Parishes, and Doubts have arisen whether the said Provisions ' extend to Mensal or Demesne Lands; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That the said Provisions shall be deemed and taken to extend to and comprise all and every Tithes or Portions of Tithes, whether under Lease or otherwise, and all Lands, Mensal, Demesne, or otherwise, belonging or appertaining or anywise held or enjoyed in right of any Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, Deanery, Archdeaconry, Dignity, Prebend, or Canonry, whether such Tithes or Lands shall arise out of or be situate in One or more Parishes.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in any Case where the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council shall think fit, in the Exercise of the Powers conferred upon them by the said Acts and this Act, to disappropriate, disunite, and divest from and out of any Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, Deanery, Archdeaconry, Dignity, Prebend, or Canonry, any Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes or Portion of Tithes, or Lands, or Part or Parts thereof, which by reason of the Existence of any such Leases as aforesaid, or for any other Reason, cannot be conveniently appropriated or united to any adjoining or neighbouring Rectory, Vicarage, or Curacy, or in case such Rectories, Vicarages, or Curacies may be already sufficiently endowed, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council

ft q 4> to

[Proviso.]

Provisions of recited Acts explained in respect of Tithes, &c. disappropriated from Dignities, &c.

In case disappropriated Lands, &c. cannot be conveniently united to a neighbouring Vicarage or Curacy, or that such Vicarage or Curacy is already sufficiently endowed, the Lands, &c. disappropriated shall be transferred to the

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

Ecdedastical Commissioners, and be by them carried to the general Fund.

Commissioners shall have like Power of making Leases, he, in disappropriated Lands, he. as in.those belonging to suspended Dignities.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners not to grant a perpetual Estate to any Tenant now holding by Lease any Tithes appropriated to< certain Ecclesiastical Dignities.

After the next Avoidance of any such Dignity, the Commissioners may declare that the Lease shall not be renewed; and, upon Ap-

to order that such Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes or Portion of Tithes, or Land, or Part or Parts thereof, so disappropriated, disunited, and divested as aforesaid, shall be transferred to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners; and the Right and Interest in and to the same, and all Arrears thereof, shall thereupon vest in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and be by diem carried to the general Fund under their Administration, but charged with and subject nevertheless to the Payment of such annual or periodical Sum or Sums of Money, if any, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Council shall think fit to direct to be paid to any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, their or his Successors, whose Rectory, Vicarage, or Curacy he and they shall deem not to be sufficiently endowed, or which he and they may think fit to erect, and to which, under the Provisions of the said Acts, any such disappropriated Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes or Portions of Tithes, or Lands, might have been appropriated and united.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have all such and the like Powers of making or renewing Leases, or of conveying a perpetual Estate or Interest of and in any Lands or Premises which may become vested in them by virtue of any such Disappropriation Order as aforesaid, as herein-before conferred upon them in respect of any Lands of Premises which may become vested in them by virtue of Any such Suspension Order as herein-before mentioned; and all and every the Provisions herein-before contained in respect of such Lands or Premises as may be vested in the said Commissioners by any such Suspension Order, and the making Leases and Renewals and Conveyances thereof, shall apply and extend to Lands or Premises vested in them by any such Disappropriation Order, and the making Leases, Renewals, and Conveyances thereof.

XXX. ' Whereas by reason of the Insufficiency of the Endowment of the Vicarages in several Parishes the Rectorial Tidies

whereof are appropriated to Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, and

other Ecclesiastical Dignities, Prebends, and Canomies in Ireland,

1 by reason whereof it has become necessary from Time to Time

to unite Two or more of such Vicarages into One Benefice, to c the Disadvantage of the Spiritual Interests and Concerns of such

Vicarages respectively be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners acting in pursuance of the Provisions of said recited Acts, in the Name and on the Behalf of any Archbishop, Bishop, Dignitary, Prebendary, or Canon, to grant a perpetual Estate or Interest to any Tenant now holding or who may hereafter hold any Tithes or Compositions for Tithes appropriated to such Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, Dignities, Prebends, or Canonries, under or by virtue of any Lease or Contract

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That at any Time from and after the next Avoidance of any Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, Dignity, Prebend, or Canonry as aforesaid, in which it may be deemed expedient so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in case any Tithes or Compositions for Tithes shall be disappropriated therefrom, by Instrument under their Common Seal to declare that the Lease or Contract by which such Tithes or Compositions for Tithes are now or hereafter may

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 99. 801

be held shall not be renewed; and in order to prevent any Loss or Damage to the Tenant or Tenants now holding or who may hereafter hold such Tithes or Compositions for Tithes by virtue of such Lease or Contract, by reason of the same not being capable of being renewed as heretofore, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of any such Tenant or Tenants declaring his or their Readiness to accept the Value in Money of his or their Estate or Interest in such Lease or Contract as if the same were still capable of Renewal, to estimate and compute the Value thereof accordingly; and in case such Tenant or Tenants shall think fit to accept the same, he or they shall thereupon convey his Estate and Interest in such Lease or Contract to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and such Tithes or Compositions for Tithes shall thereupon be freed and discharged from all Debts, Liabilities, and Incumbrances of such Tenant or Tenants, or of any Person or Persons deriving under him, her, or them, or of any Person or Persons under whom he, she, or they may derive: Provided nevertheless, that the Purchase Money for such Estate and Interest shall become subject and liable to all such and the like Engagements, Liabilities, Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes as may aspect the Estate or Interest of such Tenant or Tenants in the Lease or Contract of said Tithes or Compositions for Tithes, and shall be paid to such Tenant or Tenants on his making out Title thereunto; and if he, she, or they shall not make out a sufficient Title thereto such Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to the Credit of the Matter, upon an Order for that Purpose to be obtained upon Petition in a summary Way, and shall be disposed of by such Court by Order in like Manner to be obtained, as may be just.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Conveyance of the Estate or Interest of every such Tenant or Tenants in and to such Tithes or Compositions for Tithes to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners as aforesaid, the same shall be and remain for ever vested in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and be by them applied, as and when the same shall be received in the first instance in Liquidation and Discharge of the Purchase Money and Expences incurred by them in the Purchase thereof, with legal Interest, until the same shall be fully and entirely paid off, and from thenceforward in the Augmentation of small Benefices under the Provisions of the said recited Acts.

XXXIII. And whereas, by and under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the Bishoprick of Cork and Ross has become united to the Bishoprick of Cloyne, and Doctor Samuel Kyle being at the Time of the passing of the said Act, and at the Time when the said BishoprickB became united as aforesaid, 4 Bishop of Cork and Ross, has become and now is Bishop of the said united Bishopricks of Cork and Ross and Cloyne .* And whereas upon such Union as aforesaid all and singular the Lands, 4 Tenements, and Hereditaments, with all and singular the Tithes, 4 Rents, and Emoluments appertaining or belonging to the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross, were by virtue of the said Act 4 transferred to and vested in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners,

plication of tile Tenant to accept the Value in Money, may estimate the Value thereof.

[Proviso.]

After Conveyance, the Interest of such Tenant to vest in the Commissioners.

An annual Sum of 1, 5001. to be paid to Dr. Kyle, Bishop of Cork and Itoas and Cloyne, in order to make his present Revenue equal to that he had before the Union of the Sees.

002

C. 99.

6° & 1* GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1836.

saving and excepting the See House and Offices aqd Mensai and Demesne Lands to the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross belonging, which became thereafter by the said Act the See House and

Offices and Mensai or Demesne Lands of the said united Bishopricks of Cork and Ross and Cloyne, and the said Doctor Samuel Kyle became possessed of and entitled to the Revenues of the said ' Bishoprick of Cloyne, saving and excepting to the See House and 1 Mensai or Demesne Lands thereunto belonging, which the said ' Ecclesiastical Commissioners were authorized to let or demise for ' such Rent or Fine as they should think fit: And whereas the said

Ecclesiastical Commissioners are authorized and required by the ' said Act, out of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross so vested in them as aforesaid, to make good to the said ' Doctor Samuel Kyle the Sum or Sums of Money, if any, whereby ' the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cloyne shall fall short ' of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross: And whereas the Revenues of the said respective Bishopricks, being in great Measure dependent on Fines paid on the Renewal of ' Leases, are liable to Uncertainty and Variation, and an annual ' Valuation of the said several Bishopricks would be troublesome and inconvenient: And whereas it has been found, upon a Comparison of the relative average Value of the said several Bishopricks, that the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cloyne fall ' short of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross

by the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds or ' thereabouts, and the said Doctor Samuel Kyle consents to receive ' such annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds in full

Acquittance and Discharge of the Payment which the said Ec-

clesiastical Commissioners ought to make to him under the Provisions of the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That the said annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds shall be deemed and taken to be the Sum whereby the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cloyne fall short of the Revenues of the said Bishoprick of Cork and Ross, and that the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall pay to the said Doctor Samuel Kyle, in each and every Year during his Incumbency of the said united Bishopricks of Cork and Ross and Clcyne, the said annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, commencing from the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and that the first Payment thereof shall be made on the Fourteenth Day of September in this current Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, by one entire Payment, and that the future Payments thereof shall be made by equal Moieties, one Moiety on the Fourteenth Day of March, and the other Moiety on the Fourteenth Day of September, in each and every succeeding Year during the Incumbency of the said Doctor Samuel Kyle in the said united Bishopricks: Provided always, that the said annual Payment shall be apportioned so and in such Manner that on the Demise or Translation of the said Doctor Samuel Kyle, or other Determination of his said Incumbency, the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall pay to him, or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, a Proportion of such annual Sum according to the Time which shall have elapsed from the Commencement or last Period of Payment thereof respectively (as the Case may be) , including the Day of the

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 93.

60S

the Demise or Translation of the said Doctor Samuel Kyle, or other Determination of his said Incumbency in the said united Bishopricks: Provided also, that the Income of the present Bishop of Cork and Ross and Cloyne during his Incumbency be free from the Tax chargeable under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXIV. And whereas it is provided by the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty that no Sum shall be paid by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners to ' any Attorney or Solicitor as and for Costs, Charges, or Expences,

unless the Amount of such Payment shall first have been approved of by the Lords of the Treasury, and that no Sum 4 exceeding One thousand Pounds shall be allowed in any One 4 Year by the Lords of the Treasury as and for the Costs, Chargee,

or Expences of any such Attorney or Solicitor, and that before ' any such Sum shall be allowed by the said Lords Commissioners ' of the Treasury on such Account as aforesaid the Particulars of ' all such Costs and Expences shall be laid before them: And whereas it is necessary to explain the said herein-before recited Provisionbe it therefore hereby enacted and declared to be the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, That no Sum exceeding One thousand Pounds shall be allowed in any One Year for the personal Services of any such Attorney or Solicitor, but that no Disbursements nor Expences actually and properly made or incurred by such Attorney or Solicitor in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and by their Authority and Direction, shall be deemed or taken to be included in the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, or form Part thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said several recited Acts of Parliament shall continue in full Force and Effect, save and except so far as they or either of them are or is expressly repealed or altered by this Act, and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed and taken together as One Act to all Intents and Purposes; and that this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

XXXVI. And whereas it is enacted by the said first-recited ' Act, that in all Cases where, under and by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-first of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for disappropriating Benefices belonging to Deansr, Archdeacons, Dignitaries, and other Members of Cathedral Churches, and for appropriating others in their Stead, and also for the Removal of the Sites of ruined Cathedral Churches, any Parochial Church shall have been or shall be made or shall become by Usage or Custom Cathedral and Parochial, and in all Cases where, under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the repairing of Cathedral Churches in Cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins, any Cathedral Church shall have been or shall be made use of as a Parish Church, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are thereby required to contribute to the Repairs of such Cathedral and Parochial Churches in such Proportion as has been agreed upon by and between the

4 Dean

Provision of 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 90. relating to Co6ts of Solicitor explained.

Former Acts to be construed with this Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

Providing for the Repairs of Cathedral Churches.

39 G. 3. (I.)

604

C. 99.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Dean and Chapter or Chapters of such Cathedral Church and

by the Protestant Inhabitants of the Parish or Union in which ' such Church is situate, that the Inhabitants thereof should contribute to the rebuilding, enlarging, and putting into and keeping in repair of such Cathedral and Parochial Churches; and if it shall happen that no such Agreement as aforesaid shall have been

made by and between the Parties aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or

Governors of Ireland and the Privy Council thereof, 1 upon Pcti-

tion of the Dean and Chapter or of the said Commissioners,

finally to adjust and ascertain the Proportions in which such ' Deans and Chapters or Chapters and said Commissioners shall so respectively) contribute for the Purposes aforesaid; and the ' Sums necessary and sufficient for such Purposes shall be from Time to Time apportioned and paid accordingly by the said 1 Deans and Chapters and the said Commissioners respectively: And whereas it is just and reasonable that such Deans and 1 Chapters should in certain Cases be relieved in the whole or in part from the Burthen of contributing to the Repairs of such Cathedral Churches be it therefore enacted, That in case there shall be no Economy Fund or Chapter or other Property appropriated to the Purpose of rebuilding, enlarging, and putting into and keeping in repair of any such Cathedral Church, or no such Economy Fund, Chapter, or other Property adequate or sufficient for such Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, by Writing under their Seal to certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council that there is no such Economy Fund, Chapter or other Property appropriated to the Purpose of repairing such Cathedral Church, or no such Fund or Property adequate and sufficient for such Purpose, and that it is just and reasonable that the said Commissioners should defray the whole of the Sums necessary for such Purpose, or that the said Commissioners and the Dean and Chapter or Chapter should contribute for such Purpose in such Proportions as shall in such Writing be specified; and in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and the Privy Council thereof shall signify his and their Approval of the Matters specified in such Certificate, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to pay the whole of the Sums necessary for such Purpose as aforesaid, or such Proportion thereof as shall be specified in such Certificate, subject to such Regulations as in the said recited Acts and this Act or any or either of them are contained with respect to Monies to be expended for such Purposes: Provided always, that such Dean and Chapter or Chapter shall from Time to Time contribute for such Purpose as aforesaid such Proportion as shall be specified in such Certificate as just and reasonable to be contributed by such Dean and Chapter or Chapter.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 100.

605

CAP. a

An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in

certain Towns in Ireland.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is fitting that Provision be made to the end

" that the Estates and Effects of the Bodies Corporate now

constituted in sundry Towns in Ireland may be preserved and

maintained for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and upon and for the several Trusts and Purposes

to which the same ought to be applied:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi9 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Conveyance, Alienation, Settlement, Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever of, out of, or upon any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to which any Body Corporate or late or reputed Body Corporate named in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or any One or more of the Members of any of the said Bodies Corporate in his or their Corporate Capacity, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, now have or may hereafter acquire, or on or before the Sixteenth Day of February in the present Year had or have since then acquired, any Right or Title, unless in pursuance of some Covenant or Contract or Agreement bona fide made or entered into on or before the said Sixteenth Day of February by or on behalf of such Body Corporate, or of some Resolution duly entered in the Corporate Books of such Body Corporate on or before the said Sixteenth Day of February, shall (except as herein-after provided) be made or executed by or on behalf of such Body Corporate before the First Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; and that no Contract, Covenant, or .Agreement to convey or to charge such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, entered into after the passing of this Act and before the said First Day of September, shall, except as herein-after provided, be valid; and no Assignment, Grant, or Disposition of, or Covenant or Agreement to affect, any Personal Estate or Estates of any such Body Corporate which may be hereafter made before the said First Day of September, shall, except as herein-after provided, be valid or effectual: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to such Dispositions as may be made, before the said First Day of September, of any Part of the Real or Personal Estate of any such Body Corporate for paying any just and lawful Debt contracted by them before the said Sixteenth Day of February, or for paying any Debt which any such Body Corporate shall have been or may be directed to pay by any Order, Judgment, or Decree of any Court of Law or Equity, or for defraying the legal Salaries of necessary Officers, and other legal and necessary Disbursements of such Body Corporate.

II. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall have been appointed to any Office or Place of Profit in or by any of the said Bodies Corporate since the said Sixteenth Day of February in the present Year shall be entitled by reason of .such Appointment to have any Compensation for the Loss of such Office or

Place

No Conveyance of Lands, Arc. of any of the Bodies Corporate mentioned in the Schedule to be made before 1st Sept.

18S7, or unlesa in pursuance of some Covenant bona fide entered into before the 16th Feb. 1836.

No Contracts made after the passing of this Act and before 1st SepL to be valid.

Proviso for Sale* made for legal and necessary Purposes.

Officers appointed since 16th February 1836 not to be therefore entitled to Com-

606

C. 100.

6° & 7s GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

pensation for Loss of Office.

Place of Profit, or of the Fees and Emoluments thereof, in case Provision shall be hereafter made by Parliament for removing him or authorizing his Removal from such Office or Place, of Profit* or for amending or abolishing the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Boroughs.

Style of Corporate Body.

Ardee -

Armagh

Athlone

A thy -

Bandon

Bangor -

Belfast Belturbet Boyle

Callan - -Carlow - -Carrickfergus -Cashel - -Ch&rleville - -Clognakilty Clonmell -

Coleraine - -Cork -

Dingle - -Drogheda -

Dublin -

The Portreeve, Burgesses, and Commons of the Corporation of Atherdee.

The Sovereign, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Armagh.

The Sovereign, Bailiffe, Burgesses, and Freemen of the Town of Athlone.

The Sovereign, Bailiffs, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Athy.

The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Bandon Bridge.

The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Bangor.

The Sovereign, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Belfast.

The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Belturbet.

The Borough Master, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Boyle.

The Sovereign, Burgesses, and Freemen of Callan.

The Sovereign, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Catherlagh.

The Mayor, Sheriff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Carrickfergus.

The Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Citizens, and Commons of the City of CasheL

The Sovereign, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Charleville.

The Sovereign, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Clognakilty.

The Mayor, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Clonmell.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town of Coleraine.

The Mayor, Sheriffs, and Commonalty of the City of Cork.

The Sovereign, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Dingle-a-Couch.

The Mayor, Sheriffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the County of the Town of Drogheda.

The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens of the City of Dublin.

A. U. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 10Q.

007

Boroughs. Style of Corporate Body.

Dundalk - The Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Dundalk.

Dungannon The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commons of the Borough of Dungannon.

Ennis The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Ennis.

Enniscorthy - The Portreeve, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Enniscorthy.

Enniskillen The Portreeve, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Enniskillen.

Fethard The Sovereign, Chief Burgesses, Portreeve, and Freemen of the Town of Fethard.

Galway The Mayor, Sheriffs, Free Burgesses, and 'Commonalty of the Town and County of the Town of Galway.

Gorey The Sovereign, Burgesses, and Free Commons of the Borough and Town of Newborough.

Kells - f The Sovereign, Provosts, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Kells. The Mayor and Citizens of the City of Kilkenny.

Kilkenny -< The Portreeve, Burgesses, and Commons of the Borough or Town of Irishtown.

K insale The Sovereign, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Kinsale.

Limerick The Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens of the City of Limerick.

Londonderry - The Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Londonderry.

Longford The Sovereign, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Longford.

Maryborough - The Burgomaster, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of Maryborough.

Monaghan The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Monaghan.

Naas The Sovereign, Provost, Burgesses, and Commonalty of Naas.

Navan - - The Portreeve, Burgesses, and Freemen of the Town or Borough of Navan.

New Ross Portarlington - The Sovereign and Burgesses of New Ross. The Sovereign, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough and Town of Portarlington.

Sligo The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Sligo.

Strabane The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Strabane.

Tralee - The Provost, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Tralee.

Trim -Tuam The Portreeve, Burgesses, and Freemen of Trim. The Sovereign, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Tuam.

608 C. 100, 101. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Boroughs. Style of Corporate Body.

Waterford The Mayor, Sheriffs, and Citizens of the County of the City of Waterford in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Wexford The Mayor, Bailiffs, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town or Borough of Wexford.

Wicklow The Portreeve, Free Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Wicklow.

Youghal The Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Youghai

CAP. Cl.

An Act to legalize certain Lists of Voters and of Claims and Objections for the present Year.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS Doubts have been occasioned with respect to the Days and Times upon or within which Notices, Claims, 4 Objections, and other Matters by a certain Act passed in the 2 W. 4. c. 45. 4 Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales, required to be given, delivered, transmitted, done, or performed in relation to such Lists, should be respectively given, 4 delivered, transmitted, done, and performed in this Year Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and All Notices, by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which the Claims, &c. Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Township shall have given Art!* nTt? Notice requiring all Persons who may be entitled to vote in the Yea^if done Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parlia-within the Time ment, in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part in such prescribed by Parish or Township, to deliver or transmit to the said Overseers Order mCoim- on or before the Twentieth Day of August in the present Year, 1832. 1JU y instead of the Twentieth Day of July, as fixed by the said Act, a Notice of their Claim as such Voters according to the Form by the said Act prescribed, or to the like Effect, and shall, on or before the last Day of August in the present Year, have made out or caused to be made out, according to the Form numbered 3. in the Schedule H. to the said Act annexed, an alphabetical List of the Names of all Persons who shall have so claimed as aforesaid, in respect of any Lands or Tenements situate wholly or in part within such Parish or Township, as having been entitled on the last Day of July in the present Year to have their Names inserted in such List, and also of the Names of all Persons who shall be upon the Register for the Time being as such Voters, and in all Cases in which the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Township wholly or in part situate within any City or Borough, or Place sharing in the Election for any City or Borough, shall have made out, in the Manner and according to the Form prescribed by the said Act, on

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 101. 609

or before the last Day of August, and not on or before the last Day of July, in this Year, an alphabetical List of all Persons entitled on the said last Day of July, if duly registered according to the Provisions of the said Act, to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City or Borough in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, all Notices, Claims, Objections, and other Matters by the said Act required to be given, delivered, transmitted, done, or performed in relation to such Lists shall, in this Year but not afterwards, if given, delivered, transmitted, done, or performed upon or within the same Days of the several Calendar Months of this Year which were respectively' appointed for the like Purpose in the corresponding Months of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two by an Order made by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Most Honourable Privy Council, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, be as good and of the same Force and Effect as if they had been given, delivered, done, transmitted, or performed respectively upon or within the Days and Times in the said Act specified in that Behalf.

II. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Period by the said Act limited for the Revision of the respective Lists of Voters by the Barristers, the Courts for that Purpose shall be held at some Time between the Fifteenth Day of October inclusive and the Twenty-fifth Day of November inclusive in the present Year, but not afterwards; and such respective Lists shall be copied out into Books by the Persons and in the Manner respectively prescribed by the said Act on or before the last Day of November in the present Year; and every such Book shall be the Register of Electors to vote at any Election which shall take place between the First Day of December next inclusive and the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

III. And be it enacted, That if at any Time during which any Precept ought to be issued, or other Act done by or with regard to the Returning Officer for any City, Borough, or Town, the Office of Returning Officer for such City, Borough, or Town shall happen to be vacant, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff for the Time being of the County in which such City, Borough, or Town shall be situate, or which shall be next adjoining to such City, Borough, or Town, and he is hereby required, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint some fit Person as his Deputy to perform during such Vacancy the Duties of Returning Officer of such City, Borough, or Town; and that if at any Time, on the Receipt by any Sheriff or Sheriffs of a Writ or Precept for the Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Borough, or Town, the Office of Returning Officer for such City, Borough, or Town shall happen to be vacant, in such Case it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or Sheriffs, and he or they are hereby required, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Deputy, to act on that Occasion as Returning Officer for such City, Borough, or Town.

6 A 7 Gul. IV. R r CAP.

Revising Barristers Courts for this Year to be held between 15th Oct. and 85th Nov.

Register.

Sheriff to appoint a Person to act as Returning Officer in case of Vacancy.

C. 103.

6? & T° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

2&SW. 4. C. 64.

Additional Polling Places may be appointed upon Petition from Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled.

Notices to be given previous to any Petition being made.

CAP. CII.

An Act for rendering more easy the taking the Poll at County Elections.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the ' Fourth, intituled An Act to settle and determine the Divisions of Counties, and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, it is among other Things enacted, that the Poll for the Election of Knights of the Shire shall be taken at such Places as in a certain Schedule to the said Act annexed marked (N.)

are mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for increasing the Number of such Polling Places:* Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, from Time to Time hereafter, on Petition from the Justices of any County, Riding, Parts, or Division in England or Wales, in Quarter Sessions assembled, representing that the Number of Polling Places for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division is insufficient, and praying that the Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition may be a Polling Place or Polling Places for the County, Riding, Parts, or Division of the County within which such Place or Places is or are situate, to declare that any Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition shall be a Polling Place or Polling Places for that County, Riding, Parts, or Division, and that the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, Parts, or Division in Quarter Sessions or some Special Sessions assembled, as in the said Act mentioned, shall conformably to the said Act divide such County, Riding, Parts, or Division into convenient Polling Districts, and assign one of such Districts to each Polling Place; and every such Direction or Order for creating additional Polling Places shall be certified under the Hand of One of the Clerks in Ordinary of His Majesty's Privy Council, and when so certified shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be of the same Force and Effect as if the same had been made by the Authority of Parliament

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Petition as aforesaid shall be made by such Justices so assembled unless a Notice in Writing shall have been delivered, One Month at the least before the holding of such Quarter Sessions, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Part, or Division wherein the same are held, signed by Two Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, Part, or Division, and residing therein, or by Ten Inhabitants being registered Voters for such County, Riding, Part, or Division, which Notice shall state that the Court will, when such Sessions are held, be moved to make such Petition, nor unless the Clerk of the Peace shall, Ten Days at the least before the holding of such Sessions, have caused a Copy of such Notice to be inserted twice at the least in Two of the Newspapers of such County, Riding, Part, or Division, if Two Newspapers are published therein, or if not, in a Newspaper published or commonly circulated therein,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 102, M)8.

611

together with a Notice of the Day upon which such Quarter Sessions will be held: Provided always, that when such Motion is made, any Person objecting to the same shall be heard by such Court against the same or any Part thereof, if he thinks fit

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Knight or Knights to serve in any future Parliament for any County, or for any Riding, Parts, or Division of a County, as many Polling Booths shall be provided at each Polling Place as will allow One for every Four hundred and fifty Electors whose Names appear upon the Registry of the said County or Division of a County, and who may lawfully vote at such Polling Place; and the High Sheriff shall provide the same accordingly.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to make temporary Provision for the Boundaries of certain Boroughs.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, the Boundaries of certain Boroughs named in the Schedules (A.) and 4 (B.) to the said Act annexed were made to include all the Liberties of such Boroughs and large Tracts of Land beyond the Limits of the Towns, and which ought not to be included therein:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Ike same, That so much of the said Act for regulating Corporations as provides that the Metes and Bounds of every Borough and County named in the said Act shall include the whole of the Liberties of such Borough and County by Land and by Water is hereby repealed; and that, notwithstanding any thing in the said Act contained, no Part of any County, or of the Liberties of any Borough, Town, or City, named in the First Sections of the Schedules (A.) and (B.) annexed to the said Act for regulating Corporations, which before the passing of the said Act was not Part of such Borough, Town, or City, or within the Parliamentary Boundary of such Borough, Town, or City, shall be taken to be within the Metes and Bounds of any such Borough, Town, or City, or within the County of such Borough, Town, or City, or to be within the Jurisdiction of the Justices of such Borough, Town, or City, or County of a Borough, Town, or City; and that no Part of any County, or of the Liberties of any Borough, Town, or City, named in the Second Section of the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) , which was not Part of such Borough, Town, or City before the passing of an Act passed in the Second and Third Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act to settle and describe the Divisions of Counties, and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, for the Purposes of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, be taken to be within the Metes and Bounds of any such Borough, Town, or City, or within the County of such Borough, Town, or City, or to be within the Jurisdiction of the Justices of such Borough, Towny or City, or County of a Borough,

R r 2 Town,

As to the Number of Polling Booths to be provided.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 76.

Part of the re cited Act repealed.

New Provision as to Boundaries of Bo roughs, &c.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 64.

612 C. 103. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Proviso as to the Liability of Rate-payers.

Proviso as to the Election of Mayor, &c.

Boundaries of the Borough of Sunderland.

The Division of Boroughs into Wards by the Barristers not to be affected by the Exclusion of any Ward or Part of a Ward.

If a Borough has been so divided that the whole of a Ward shall consist of a District ex-eluded by this Act a new Assignment of Councillors to be made by the Barrister until Parliament shall otherwise direct.

Town, or City, but every such Part, until Parliament shall otherwise direct, shall be taken to be within and to be subject to the same Jurisdiction as the County, Riding, Parts, or Divisions of a County, other than a County of a Borough, Town, or City, wherein such Part is situated or with which it has the longest common Boundary: Provided also, that all the Provisions of the said Act for regulating Corporations concerning the Liability of the Ratepayers of any Place or Precinct which under the Provisions of this Act shall not be included within any such Borough, Town, or City, or County of a Borough, Town, or City, to any Debt to which the Rate-payers of such Borough, Town, or City, or County of a Borough, Town, or City, were liable to contribute before the passing of the said Act for regulating Corporations, shall be applicable to such Place or Precinct as if the same had not been included within the Metes and Bounds of such Borough, Town, or City under the Provisions of the said Act for regulating Corporations: Provided also, that no Election of any Mayor, Alderman, Councillor, Auditor, or Assessor heretofore made, or any other Proceeding whatsoever, in any such Borough, Town, or City, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December last, shall be liable to be questioned after the passing of this Act by reason that any such Part of any County, or Liberties of any Borough, Town, or City, may or may not have been taken to be Part of such Borough, Town, or City under the Provisions of the said Act

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in this Act contained, the Borough of Sunderland, for the Purposes of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament and until Parliament shall otherwise direct shall consist of the Parish of Sunderland, the Townships of Monkwearmouth and Monkwearmouth Share, and so much of the Townships of Bishop Wearmouth and Bishop Wearmouth Panns as is included within a Circle of One Mile from the Centre of Wearmouth Bridge.

III. And be it enacted, That the Division of every Borough, Town, and City into Wards by the Barrister or Barristers appointed in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act for regulating Corporations shall not be annulled or vitiated by the Exclusion of any Ward or Wards, or any Part of any of the said Wards which shall be excluded from such Borough, Town, or City by this Act, but the said Division shall remain in all other respects in force until Parliament shall otherwise direct, as if the Ward or Wards, or Part of a Ward or Wards, so excluded from the Borough, Town, or City, had not been at any Time included therein: Provided nevertheless, that if any Borough, Town, or City shall have been so divided into Wards that the whole of any One or more Wards shall consist wholly of a District excluded from such Borough, Town, or City by this Act, the Barrister or Barristers who originally divided the Borough, Town, or City into Wards shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, assign the Councillors who were chosen in such Ward or Wards to the remaining Wards of the Borough, Town, or City, or such of them as he or they shall select, upon the same Principles or as nearly as may be, in his or their Judgment, as were provided by the said Act for the Guidance of the Barristers in their Assignment of Councillors to each Ward, and thenceforth, and until Parliament

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 103, 104. 613

shall otherwise direct, the Number of Councillors in each of the remaining Wards shall be the Number originally assigned to such Ward by the Barrister or Barristers, with the Addition of the Number so assigned to it by the Barrister or Barristers under this Act, and the Councillors so assigned under this Act to each Ward shall thenceforth be deemed to have been elected in the Ward to which they shall have been respectively so assigned, and shall go out of Office, and Vacancies among them shall be filled at the same Time and in the same Manner, as if the Burgesses of the Ward by whom they were originally elected had been Burgesses of the Ward to which they shall have been so assigned.

IV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in the said Act Local for for regulating Corporations shall be construed to affect any Local, eliet Act heretofore passed for the Relief and Management of the ^be affixed. Poor, or to alter the District comprised within the Provisions of

any such Local Act

V. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in the said Act Nothing herein for regulating Corporations shall be construed to affect or alter the to affect the A*. Assessments of the Land Tax or Assessed Taxes, or to extend or

diminish the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Land and As- Taxes^or^be sessed Taxes; but that all Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Here- Jurisdiction of ditaments, and all Parishes and Parts of Parishes, and Places, shall the Commis-continue to be charged as heretofore towards the Land Tax loners, charged upon the County or other District of which they were a Part before the passing of the said recited Act, and to be subject in that Behalf to the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of the same County or other District as they would have been if the said recited Act had not been passed.

VI. And be it declared and enacted, That the Borough and Berwick-upon-Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, within the Limits assigned to it by Tweed declared the said Act, or hereafter to be assigned to it by Authority of Countyto Parliament, shall be a County of itself to all Intents and Purposes, PaHiamenUr^ except only so far as relates to the Return of a Member or Mem- Elections, bers to serve in Parliament; and that the Provisions of the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 74. Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, and the Modes of Assurance therein provided, shall extend and apply to Lands locally situated in the said Borough, Town, and County, any Law,

Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for the better Administration of the Borough Fund in certain Boroughs.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of ' Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, Provision was made for the Payment of the Rents and Profits of the Real

and Personal Estate of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses ' of certain Boroughs named in the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to

the said Act annexed, and also for the Payment of certain i Penalties to a Fund to be called in each Case " The Borough

Fund " of that Borough; And whereas certain Difficulties have

R r 3 occurred

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.

614 C. 104. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

New Securities may be given for old Debts.

Extending the Power of Disposition given to the Council as to certain Demises;

and the Power allowed to be exercised over the Lands, fte. with the Approbation of the Treasury.

Treasurer of a Borough may apply Proceeds of Sales as herein mentioned.

Persons assigned to keep the Peace in any Borough may act as Justices in levying County Rates made before May 1836.

Mayor may issue his Warrant for levying Borough Rate, &c.

occurred in putting the said Act into execution, and certain Penalties have been imposed, which ought not to be imposed,

for the Benefit of the said Borough Fund:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Council of any Borough named in the said Schedules to execute from Time to Time any Deed or Obligation in the Name of the Body Corporate whose Council they are, for securing Repayment and Satisfaction of any Debt or Obligation contracted by or on behalf of the said Body Corporate before the passing of the said Act for regulating Corporations.

II. And be it enacted, That the Power of Disposition riven to the Council of any Body Corporate in the Instances of Demises for Seventy-five Years, authorized by the said Act, shall extend to the Demise or Lease thereof, either at a reserved Rent or a Fine or both, as the Council shall think fit; and the Power of Disposition allowed by the said Act over the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of such Body Corporate, to be exercised with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them, shall extend to the Disposition of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with such Approbation as aforesaid, whether by way of absolute Sale, or by way of Exchange, Mortgage, or Charge, Demise or Lease, and to every other Disposition of the same whatsoever which shall be so approved of as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to restrain the Treasurer of any Borough, under the Direction of the Council, from applying the Proceeds of the Sale of any Advowson, or Right of Nomination or Presentation to any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Preferment directed by the said Act, which shall have been paid to him, or any Part thereof, towards the Liquidation of any Debt contracted before the passing of the said Act by the Body Corporate named in the said Schedules in conjunction with such Borough.

IV. And whereas by the said Act it is provided, that no Person assigned to keep the Peace within any Borough, Town, or ' City under the Provisions of the said Act shall by virtue of such ' Assignment act as a Justice of the Peace in making or levying ' any County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in the said Act contained, it shall be lawful for any such Person to act as a Justice of Peace in levying any County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, which shall have been legally made previously to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

V. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which, for the Purpose of levying any County Rate, a Warrant might be lawfully issued by One or more Justices of the Peace, a Warrant may be lawfully issued in the like Case by the Mayor of any Borough named in the said Schedules, under his Hand and the Corporate Seal of the said Borough, whether the Matter of such Warrant relates to the Borough Rate or to the Watch Rate; and that in

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 104.

615

every Case in which in a Matter relating to the County Rate a Warrant is required to be directed to or issued by a High Constable, such Warrant may in a like Matter relating to the Borough Rate or Watch Rate be directed to or issued by the High Constable of the Borough, or any Borough Officer of the like Description, or by any Person or Persons who jnay have been or may hereafter be appointed by the Council of the Borough for the Purpose of collecting the said Borough Rate or Watch Rate, or either of them.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Burgess of any Borough named in the said Schedules shall be deemed an incompetent Witness in any Suit or Proceeding at Law or in Equity by reason of his being a Member of such Body Corporate, or interested in the Borough Fund of any Borough.

VII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing in the said Act contained, no Person enrolled on the Burgess Roll for the Time being of any Borough named in the Schedules to the said Act, and who shall act as Mayor, Alderman, or Councillor, Auditor or Assessor, of such Borough, shall be liable to any Penalty for so acting on the Ground that he was not entitled to be on the Burgess List of such Borough.

VIII. And whereas no Provision is made in the said Act for resigning any Corporate Office on Payment of a Fine or other wise; be it enacted, That every Person elected into any Corporate Office in any of the said Boroughs may at any Time resign such Office on Payment of the Fine which he would have been liable to pay for Non-acceptance of the same Office; provided that no Person enabled by Law to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath shall be liable to any Fine for Non-acceptance of Office in any Borough by reason of his Refusal on conscientious Grounds to take any Oath or make any Declaration required by the said Act, or to take upon himself the Duties of such Office.

IX. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in the said Act for regulating Corporations shall be construed to alter or affect the Right of any Person claiming Discharge or Exemption from Tolls levied in whole or in part by or to the Use of any Body Corporate by virtue of any Title to such Discharge or Exemption other than as an Inhabitant of any Borough, or as a Citizen, Freeman, or Burgess, or as a Member by any Name whatsoever of any Body Corporate named in the said Schedules, or as the Widow or Kindred of any such Inhabitant, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess, or Member of such Body Corporate.

X. And be it enacted, That the Council of each Borough, Town, or City named in the said Schedules, or in which a Body Corporate of Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses may be created under the Provisions of the said Act, shall, before the First Day of March in each Year, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Statement of all Monies received and expended on account of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of that Borough, Town, or City within the Year preceding, which Statement shall be prepared in such Form and Manner as the Secretary of State shall direct, and such Accounts shall refer to the Year ended upon the First of January of the Year in which such Account is hereby required to be so transmitted; and an

R r 4 Abstract

Burgesses competent Witnesses.

Mayor, &c. if enrolled on Burgess Roll not liable to Penalty for so acting.

Corporate Offices may be resigned on Payment of Fine.

Proviso for Persons refusing on conscientious Grounds.

Reservation of Exemption from Tolls enjoyed by Persons in virtue of other than Corporate Rights.

Accounts of Corporations to be transmitted to Secretary of State, and Abstracts laid before Parliament.

616

C. 104, 105. 6° A 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

5&6 W. 4. C. 76.

County Justices may contract with Council of a Borough in which there is a sufficient Gaol for the Committal of County Prisoners thereto.

5 G.4. c. 85.

If there is a separate Court of Quarter Sessions in the Borough such Offenders may be tried there.

Power to try Prisoners at Borough Sessions, although committed for Trial under Contract to a County Prison more than Two Miles from the Borough.

Abstract of such Statements and Accounts, under general Heads, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament during their Sitting in the same Year in which they are hereby required to be transmitted as aforesaid.

CAP. CV.

An Act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by reason of certain Defects in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide

for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, the Administration of Civil and Criminal Justice is injuriously hindered and delayed in certain Boroughs named in

the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to the said Act annexed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, Hiding, Parts, or Division of a County shall have the same Powers of contracting with the Council of any Borough, Town, or City named in the said Schedules in which it shall have been made to appear to the Satisfaction of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that there is a Gaol or House of Correction fit for the Confinement of Prisoners, for the Conveyance to and Support and Maintenance in such Gaol or House of Correction of Prisoners committed thereto by any Justice or Justices of such County, Ridings, Parts, or Division of a County, which the Council of any other Borough have with respect to Prisoners committed to such Gaol or House of Correction from such last-mentioned Borough; and all the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to the building, repairing, and enlarging of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction, and for procuring Information as to the State of all other Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales, shall extend, or as nearly as may be, to all such Contracts; and in case His Majesty shall have granted to the Borough, Town, or City in which such Gaol or House of Correction shall be situated a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, such Offenders may be tried and sentenced by such Court for all Offences of which the Court has Cognizance, and punished accordingly, and all the Provisions of the last-recited Act made in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty shall extend as nearly as may be to the Trial and Punishment of such Offenders, and to all Acts necessary for such Trial or consequent thereon.

II. And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Powers given to

the Councils of the Boroughs named in the said Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, in which a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be holden, of contracting ' with the Justices of the Peace having Authority or Jurisdiction in and over any Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

4 Riding, or Division wherein such Borough is situated or whereunto it is adjacent, for the Conveyance, Support, and Maintenance in such last-mentioned Gaol or House of Correction of Prisoners committed thereto from such Borough; be it enacted,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 105.

617

That it shall be lawful to try any such Prisoner at the Borough Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and for the proper Officer of such Borough to direct the Removal of such Prisoner for Trial, and to do all other Acts necessary for such Trial or consequent thereon, notwithstanding that the Gaol or House of Correction so receiving under Contract a Prisoner committed for Trial may be situate more than Two Miles from the usual Place of Trial of such Borough.

III. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that no Oaths required ' Recorder or Person assigned to keep the Peace within, any such to be taken by ' Borough shall be capable of acting as Recorder or Justice of Rrder, &c.

the Peace within such Borough until he shall have taken the ' Oaths provided to be taken by Justices of the Peace, except the Mayor or Two 4 Oath as to Qualification by Estate be it enacted, That all Oaths Aldermen or so required to be taken by any such Recorder or Person assigned Councillors, to keep the Peace may be taken before the Mayor or any Two Aldermen or Councillors of the said Borough, without suing out or obtaining any special Dedimus or other Commission or Authority for administering such Oaths.

IV. And whereas by the said Act it is provided that the Mayor Mayor to hold

of every Borough named in the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) over until Acshall continue in his Office for One whole Year; be it enacted,

That the Mayor of every such Borough shall continue in Office

for One whole Year, and until his Successor shall have accepted the Office of Mayor, and shall have made and subscribed the Declaration required in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as pro- Sheriff to be vides for the Appointment of any Sheriff on the First Day of elected on Ninth November in this or any following Year is hereby repealed; and No^?b7F-that every such Appointment of Sheriff shall be on the Ninth Day jJ^Tem£r# , r* of November, at the quarterly Meeting of the Council, and immediately after the Election of Mayor, and in all other respects according to the Provisions of the said Act; and every Sheriff appointed under the Provisions of the said Act or of this Act shall hold his Office until the Appointment of his Successor.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case of Illness* or unavoidable Coroner may Absence the Coroner for the Time being of any Borough, Town, appoint a

or City named in the said Act shall be empowered, and he is hereby ^eP"tyin cms required, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to appoint a fit unaVohkMe Person, being a Barrister at Law or an Attorney of one of His Absence. Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and not being an Alderman or Councillor of such Borough, Town, or City, to act for him as Deputy Coroner during the Illness or unavoidable Absence of such Coroner, but no longer or otherwise s Provided always, that Proviso, the Mayor or Two Justices of such Borough, Town, or City shall on each Occasion certify under their Hands and Seals the Necessity for the Appointment of such Deputy Coroner; and such Certificate shall state the Cause of Absence of the Coroner, and shall be openly read to every Inquest Jury summoned by such Deputy Coroner; and the Particulars of every Inquest holden before any Deputy Coroner shall be included in the Return to be made by the Coroner to the Secretary of State as provided by the said Act.

C. 105.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Extension of Jurisdiction of Courts of Requests.

Powers of Local Acts heretofore exercised by Justices in Quarter Sessions, and not within the Powers of the Recorder, vested in the Council.

Provision for holding Courts of Record.

VII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which before the passing of the said Act a Court of Requests or of Conscience for the Recovery of Small Debts was established in any Borough, Town, City, or County of a Town or City, the Boundary whereof shall have been enlarged by the said Act, the Jurisdiction of such Court shall be extended to such enlarged Boundary: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to give such Court Cognizance of any Suit which before the passing of this Act could not be brought therein, and could be brought in some other Court of Conscience or Requests.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every thing provided under any Local Act of Parliament to be done exclusively by any particular or limited Number, Class, or Description of the Members of any Body Corporate named in the Schedules (A.) and (B.) annexed to the said Act for regulating Corporations, the Continuance of which is not inconsistent with the Provisions of the said Act, and also every thing provided in any such Local Acts to be done by the Justices, or by some particular Class or Description of Members of such Body Corporate, being Justices, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and which does not relate to the Business of a Court of Criminal or Civil Judicature, shall and may be done by the Council at some quarterly Meeting of the Council, or by some Committee of the Council, or any Three or more of such Committee to be appointed at a quarterly Meeb* ing of the Council: Provided also, that every thing herein authorized to be done at a quarterly Meeting of the Council may be done at a Meeting of the Council to be specially summoned for that Purpose as soon as may be after the passing of this Act: Provided also, that no Recorder by virtue of his Office shall have Power to allow, apportion, make, or levy, or do any Act whatsoever with relation to the Allowance, Apportionment, making, or levying of any Rate whatsoever.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Provisions of the said Act for regulating Corporations respecting Judges in

Borough Courts of Record for the Trial of Civil Actions not regulated by the Provisions of any Local Act of Parliament, or in which at the Time of passing the said Act a Barrister of Five ' Years Standing did not act as Judge or Assessor; be it therefore enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act the Recorder, and in the Absence of the Recorder, such Person, being a Barrister of not less than Five Years Standing, as shall be appointed by the Recorder under his Hand and Seal to bold the said Court, shall be the Judge of such Court and shall hold the said Court at such Times as the said Recorder in his Discretion may think fit, or as His Majesty shall think fit to direct; and every Recorder or Person so appointed to hold such Court shall be entitled to have such Salary paid to him out of the Borough Fund as the Council shall fix by some Bye Law to be made in that Behalf: Provided also, that all Rules hereafter to be made for regulating the Practice of such Courts shall be approved and signed by the Recorder of such Borough, if there shall be a Recorder, before the same shall be submitted to the Judges of the Superior Courts for Allowance and Confirmation by them according to the Provisions of said recited Act.

13

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 105.

619

X. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as provides that the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich, Dover, and Hythe, and of the ancient Town of Rye, or of such of the said Towns and Ports and ancient Town to which His Majesty shall grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, shall have Jurisdiction over Offences and Matters committed, arising, and happening within the Towns named in the Schedule to the said Act which are ancient Corporate Members and Liberties of the said Towns and Ports and ancient Town respectively, and to which His Majesty shall not grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and also provides that any or either of the said Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich, Dover, and Hythe, and ancient Town of Rye, to which His Majesty shall not grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and their or its Members and Liberties, shall, for all Purposes relating to the Jurisdiction of Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, be respectively within the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the nearest other of the said Towns and Ports or ancient Town to which His Majesty shall grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, is hereby repealed; and it is hereby enacted, that, until other Provision shall be made by Parliament in that Behalf, Courts of General Sessions of the Peace and Gaol Delivery shall and may be holden in and for the said Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich, Dover, and Hythe, and ancient Town of Rye, or such of the said Towns and Ports and ancient Town to which His Majesty shall not grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and for the ancient Members and Liberties thereof, not being Corporate, and also in and for the Towns of Deal, Faver sham, Folkestone, and Tenterden, or such of the said Towns to which His Majesty shall not grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, before the Person who at the Time of the passing of the said Act was or acted as Recorder or Steward or Assessor, or by whatsoever other Name he was called, of the said Towns and Ports, ancient Town and Towns respectively, or in case of his Death or Resignation or Absence, or in case there was no such Recorder or Steward or Assessor, then before any Barrister at Law, of not less than Five Years Standing, whom His Majesty shall appoint to hold the same, in the same Manner in other respects, and with the same Powers and Authorities, as before the passing of the said Act, except as regards the Trial of Capital Felonies; and so long as such Courts of General Sessions of the Peace and Gaol Delivery shall be holden the Offices of Clerk of the Peace and Coroner shall be holden and exercised by the same Persons, or by the same Officers of such of the said Towns and Ports, ancient Town and Towns respectively, to which His Majesty shall not grant a separate Court of Quarter Sessions, by whom or by which the same were holden at the Time of the passing of the said Act, or in case of their Death or Resignation, or there being no longer such Officers, then by such Persons as the Councils of such Towns and Ports, ancient Town and Towns respectively, shall appoint to hold the same, with the same Powers and Authorities as before the passing of the said Act; and the Noil-corporate Members and Liberties of the said Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich,

Dover,

Repeal of Part of 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76. as to Courts of Quarter Sessions for the Cinque Ports, and new Provision made.

620

C. 105.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Justices acting under Commissions granted by virtue of 51 G. 3. c. 35. may exercise all the Powers of Justices in Counties relating to the granting of Licences to Victuallers.

His Majesty may appoint the Vice Chancellor of Cambridge University to be a Justice of the Borough.

Proviso as to Vice Chancellor's Power of licensing Alehouses.

Dover, and Hythe, and the said ancient Town of Rye, shall and may be chargeable and charged by the Courts of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the same respectively with a due Proportion of the Expences of such Towns and Porta and ancient Town respectively, and the Non-corporate Members and Liberties thereof, to the Payment of which Expences Rates in the Nature of County Rates are applicable, and the same shall and may be assessed and levied in the Manner in which Rates of that Description were assessed and levied before the passing of the said Act; and a due Proportion of Inhabitant Householders to serve as Grand Jurors and Jurors at the Courts of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich, Dover, and Hythe, and of the said ancient . Town of Rye, shall be summoned by the Clerks of the Peace of the said Towns and Ports and ancient Town from the Non-corporate Members and Liberties thereof respectively, and the Attendance of such Jurors shall be enforced and their Defaults punished in the Manner by the said Act directed with respect to Jurors in Boroughs.

XI. And be it enacted, That His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority of a Commission or Commissions issued by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the Execution of Justice within the Cinque Ports, shall and may ljave and exercise all the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities belonging to Justices of the Peace in Counties relating to the granting of Licences or Authorities to Persons to keep Inns, Alehouses, or Victualling Houses, or to sell exciseable Liquors by Retail, within any of the said Towns and Ports of Hastings, Sandwich, Dover, and Hythe, and of the ancient Town of Rye respectively, which shall not have Justices of the Peace assigned to them by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and the Non-corporate Members and Liberties thereof, and also within any of the said Towns of Deed, Faversham, Folkestone, and Tenterden respectively, which shall not have Justices of the Peace assigned to them by virtue of the same Act

XII. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether,

under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it may be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to constitute and appoint the

Vice Chancellor of the University of Cambridge for the Time being a Justice of the Peace in and for the Town and Borough

of Cambridge; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, if His Majesty shall so think fit, ih and by His Commission of the Peace for the said Town and Borough to constitute and appoint the Vice Chancellor of the University for the Time being a Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Borough, any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that no Vice Chancellor of the said University, by reason of his being named in any Commission of the Peace for the said Town and Borough, shall thereby have, as touching the Grant of Licences to Alehouses, any greater Authority as Justice of the Peace than any other Justice of the Peace named in any

uch

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 105, 106.

621

such Commission, but that nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter or in any way to affect the Rights and Privileges which the Vice Chancellor by virtue of his Office now lawfully has or enjoys, or might have lawfully had and enjoyed if the Vice Chancellor had not been appointed under the Provisions of this Act a Justice of the Peace for the said Towm and Borough.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to make Provision for the better and more expeditious Administration of Justice in the Stannaries of

Cornwall, and for the enlarging the Jurisdiction and improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Courts of the said Stannaries.

[20th August 1836.]

certain Cases, wherein Tin or Tinners or Matters connected with Tin are concerned, exercised Original Equitable Jurisdiction:

And whereas there has existed a Court in each of the Stan-

naries of Cornwall) called the Steward's Court, and in which the Steward of the Stannaries has exercised a Common Law 4 Jurisdiction in such like Cases: And whereas the Jurisdiction so ' exercised by the Vice Warden and the Steward respectively has been confined to Cases wherein Tin or Tinners are concerned:

And whereas in late Times Lead, Copper, and other Metals and Metallic Minerals than Tin have been discovered in the County of Cornwall, and over the Matters connected with the working for and purifying and smelting of which Lead, Copper, and ' other Metals and Metallic Minerals such Jurisdiction has not been considered to extend: And whereas the various Persons in the said County working and interested in such Lead, Copper, and other Metals and Metallic Minerals are greatly inconvenienced in their Disputes in Cases where such Metals and Metallic Minerals other than Tin are concerned, and are put to great Inconvenience in obtaining Redress therein: And whereas it is expedient to unite the Court of Equity of the Vice Warden with the Courts of Common Law of the Steward ' of the said Stannaries, and to extend the Jurisdiction of the Court to and over all Metals and Metallic Minerals in the said Stannaries, and to and over all Transactions connected therewith in the said County of Cornwall) in manner herein-after

mentioned, and also to confirm, alter, and enlarge the Powers of such Court in various Particulars, and to make other Provision than heretofore for the hearing of Appeals and Writs of Error therefrom:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Appointment from and after the Death or Resignation or other Removal of of future Vice the present Vice Warden it shall and may be lawful for the Duke Warden.

of Cornwall for the Time being, if of full Age, or His Majesty and His Successors, King or Queen Regnant of England for the Time being, if there be no Duke of Cornwall or if the Duke of

Cornwall

622

C. 106.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Vice Warden to hold Office during good Behaviour.

Power of Removal.

Present Lord Warden to have the Appointment of Vice Warden in case of Vacancy.

Original Equit-ableJurisdiction of Vice Warden confirmed, and extended to Matters connected with all Metals and Metallic Minerals in the County, in the same Way as heretofore over Tin.

Decrees, &c. of Vice Warden subject to rehearing and Appeal.

Cornwall for the Time being is under Age, to nominate and appoint from Time to Time (by Letters Patent under the Privy-Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall or under the Great Seal of England, as the Case may be,) a fit Person, being a Barrister at Law of Five Years standing at the least, to be and be called the Vice Warden of the Stannaries.

II. And be it further enacted, That the present Vice Warden and every future Vice Warden shall be Judge of the Court hereinafter mentioned, and which shall have both a Common Law and an Equity Side, and shall comprehend the Court heretofore the Court of the Vice Warden and the Court heretofore the Courts of the Stannaries, and that the Vice Warden for the Time being shall hold such Office during his good Behaviour: Provided always, thqt it shall and may be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, if of full Age, or His Majesty and His Successors, King or Queen Regnant of England for the Time being, if there is no Duke of Cornwall or if the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being be under Age, on a Requisition to him for that Purpose, stating therein at length sufficient Grounds, and signed by the Majority or Five of the Council or of the Commissioners or principal Officers of 'the Duchy of Cornwall, but not otherwise, (the Lord Warden of the Stannaries being always One of the Persons signing such Requisition,) to remove the Person for the Time being holding the said Office of Vice Warden.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, the Appointment of Vice Warden (should any Vacancy occur during the Time the present Lord Warden of the Stannaries holds that Situation) shall be in such Lord Warden, subject nevertheless to all the Provisions as to the Qualification of the Person to be appointed Vice Warden, and his Removal, as hereinbefore contained.

IV. And be it further declared and enacted, That the Original Equitable Jurisdiction heretofore lawfully exercised by the Vice Warden for the Time being shall and may be henceforth exercised by the present and every future Vice Warden for the Time being, and that the present and every future Vice Warden for the Time being shall have, exercise, and enjoy the same Equitable Jurisdiction, and the same Power and Authority in all Matters and Things brought before him, so far as relates to the working, managing, conducting, or carrying on any Mine worked for any Lead, Copper, or other Metal or Metallic Mineral within the said County of Comtvall, or to the searching for, working, smelting, or purifying any Lead, Copper, or other Metal or Metallic Mineral within the said County, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had related to any Tin or Tin Ore, or Tin Mine, or Mine worked for Tin, in the said County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to affect any Suit or Matter now pending in any Court of Law or Equity.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all Decrees, Orders, and Acts, as well already or hereafter to be made or done by the Vice Warden for the Time being, shall in each and every Case be subject to be re-heard and varied by the Vice Warden for the Time being according to the Practice of the Court, and that the Lord Warden for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority

A.D. 1836. 6°& 7° GULIELMI IV.

£.106,

623

rity on any Appeal or Appeals presented to him for that Purpose, within the Time limited by the Practice of the Court, (such Appeal or Appeals being left with the Secretary of the Lord Warden at the Duchy Office,) and, with the Aid and Assistance of Three or more Members of the Judicial Committee of His Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being, to affirm, alter, or reverse any Decrees, Orders, or Acts already or hereafter made or done by the Vice Warden for the Time being, either in whole or in part, and to dismiss such Appeal or Appeals, with Costs or otherwise, as may to the Lord Warden so aided and assisted seem just: Provided, that the Judgment pronounced by the Lord Warden so aided and assisted on any Appeal or Appeals presented shall be transmitted to the Court of the Vice Warden, to be by such Court carried into effect, and shall be subject to Appeal to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Courts of Law of the respective Stannaries heretofore held before the Stewards or Steward thereof shall be One Court for all the Stannaries, and shall be held by and before the Vice Warden for the Time being, who as Judge thereof shall have, exercise, and enjoy the same Common Law Jurisdiction, and the same Powers, Privileges, and Authorities with reference thereto, and shall transact, do, and perform the same Duties, Matters, and Things in relation thereto, as have heretofore been lawfully transacted, done, performed, or to be exercised or enjoyed by the Steward for the Time being of any of the Stannaries,

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Vice Warden for the Time being shall also have, exercise, and enjoy the same Common Law Jurisdiction and the same Power and Authority in all Matters and Things which shall be brought before him in any Way connected with the working, managing, conducting, or carrying on any Mine worked for Lead, Copper, or any other Metal or Metallic Mineral within the said County of ComuoaU, or in any Way relating to Lead, Copper, or any other Metal or Metallic Mineral, or the searching for, working, smelting, or purifying Lead, Copper, or any other Metal or Metallic Mineral within the said County, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been connected with or related to any Tin. or Tin Ore, or Tin Mine, or Mine worked for Tin, in the said County: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for either or any of the Parties, Plaintiff or Defendant, against whom any Judgment or Order or Sentence shall be given, to appeal therefrom to the Lord Wrarden for the Time being, and that the Lord Warden for the Time being shall have Power and Authority to receive Appeals (the same to be lodged with his Secretary at the Duchy Office as aforesaid) from such Judgments, Orders, and Sentences, and shall have Power and Authority, being aided and assisted by Three or more Members of the Judicial Committee of His Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being, to hear such Appeals, and to affirm, alter, and reverse such Judgments, Orders, or Sentences, in whole or in part, or to dismiss the said Appeals, with Costs or otherwise, as may be just: Provided always, that a Record of every Judgment, Order, or Sentence pronounced by the Lord Warden so aided and assisted as aforesaid, and signed by such Lord Warden, be remitted to the

Court

Judgments on Appeal to be transmitted to Vice Warden's Court.

The Courts of the Stannaries consolidated, and to be held before the Vice Warden, who is to have the same Jurisdiction as the Steward;

and also similar Jurisdiction in all Cases connected with all Metals and Metallic Minerals in Cornwall.

Appeal.

Judgment on Appeal to be sent to the Vice Warden's Court,

C. 106.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18SO.

Judgment not to be reversed except on Error of Law.

Vice Warden may grant a new Trial.

Service of Subpoena on Witnesses good in any Part of England or Wales;

and to be enforced by Process from King's Bench;

provided Expences be tendered.

Court of the Vice Warden, to be by such Court carried into effect, according to Law: Provided also, that upon any Appeal from any Judgment upon the Verdict of a Jury, the Lord Warden, so aided and assisted as aforesaid, shall not reverse, alter, or inquire into the said Judgment, except only for Error of Law apparent upon the Record; and that every Judgment of the Lord Warden shall be subject to an Appeal to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Party to any Action at Law brought in the said Court may apply for a new Trial in any such Action to the Vice Warden within Eight Days after the Trial of such Cause, if the said Vice Warden shall be then sitting, or within the first Four Days of the next Term, and the said Vice Warden may grant a new Trial upon any of the Grounds on which new Trials are now granted by the Courts at Westminster, and upon such Terms and Conditions as by the said Vice Warden shall be thought reasonable; and the said Vice Warden, if he shall think that an impartial Trial cannot be had in Cornwall, may direct that the Nisi Prius Record on any Cause shall be sent to the Judges of Assize for the County of Devon, who shall have Authority to try such Cause, and after the Trial to cause such Record to be transmitted to the Court of the Vice Warden, who shall proceed on the said Record as if the Cause had been tried in his own Court: Provided always, that the Orders of the said Vice Warden upon such Application for a new Trial shall be subject to such Appeal as herein-before provided as to other Decrees, Orders, and Acts of the said Vice Warden.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Service of every Writ of Subpoena to attend and give Evidence hereafter to be issued out of either Side of the said Court of the Vice Warden, and served upon any Person in any Part of England or Wales, shall be as valid and effectual in Law, and shall entitle the Party suing out the same to all and the like Remedies by Action or otherwise howsoever, as if the same had been served within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of the Vice Warden; and that in case the Person so served shall not appear according to the Exigency of such Writ, it shall be lawful for the said Court of the said Vice Warden, upon Oath or Affirmation to be taken in open Court, or Affidavit, of the personal Service of such Writ, to transmit a Certificate of such Default under the Seal of the said Court to the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and the said last-mentioned Court may and shall thereupon proceed against and punish by Attachment or otherwise, according to the Course and Practice of the same Court, the Person so having made Default, in such and the like Manner as the same Court might have done if such Person had neglected or refused to appear in obedience to a Writ of Subpoena issued to compel the Attendance of Witnesses out of such last-mentioned Court.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Court of King's Bench shall not in any such Case as aforesaid proceed against or punish any Person, nor shall any such Person be liable to any Action, for having made Default by not appearing to give Evidence in obedience to any such Writ of Subpoena as aforesaid for that Purpose, issued under the Authority of this Act,

unless

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1O0,

625

unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court of King's Bench that a reasonable and sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expences of coming and attending to give Evidence, and of returning from giving such Evidence, had been tendered to such Person at the Time when such Writ of Subpoena was served upon such Person.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit in which Judgment shall be recovered in the said Court of the Vice Warden shall remove his Person or Goods or Chattels from or out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court of the Vice Warden, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Superior Courts at Westminster, upon a Certificate from the Registrar, under the Seal of the said Court of the said Vice Warden, of the Amount of final Judgment obtained in any such Action, to issue a Writ of Execution thereupon, for the Amount of such Judgment and the Costs of such Writ and Certificate, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Goods of the Party against whom such final Judgment shall have been obtained, in such Manner as upon Judgments obtained in any of the said Superior Courts at Westminster.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Rule of the said Court of the Vice Warden cannot be enforced by reason of the Non-residence of any Party or Parties within the Jurisdiction thereof, it shall be lawful, upon a Certificate of such Rule by the Registrar, under the Seal of the said Court of the said Vice Warden, and an Affidavit that by reason of such Non-residence such Rule cannot be enforced, to make such Rule a Rule of any one of the said Courts at Westminster, if such Superior Court shall think fit, and that thereupon such Rule shall be enforced as a Rule of such Superior Court

XIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the Vice Warden for the Time being, nor the Court of such Vice Warden, shall have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority save as hereby provided, and that any Person against whom Proceedings shall be instituted in the Court of the Vice Warden shall, after the Appearance entered, be at liberty to demur or plead to the Jurisdiction of the said Court; but that no Question as to the Jurisdiction of the said Court with respect to the Matters embraced in such Proceedings shall hereafter be raised unless such Person shall within Fourteen Days after Appearance entered by or on behalf of himself, or entered by the Person instituting such Proceedings in manner hereby provided, demur or plead to such Proceedings by filing a Statement of the Grounds of such Demurrer or Plea at the Registrar's Office, and serving a Copy thereof on the Person instituting such Proceedings, or his Solicitor or Attorney.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time, and as often as Circumstances shall require, to make and prescribe such Rules and Orders touching and concerning the Forms and Manner of proceeding in the Court of the Vice Warden, and the Practice and Pleadings in all Matters to be brought therein, the appointing Commissioners to examine Witnesses, the taking of Examinations de bene esse, and allowing the same as Evidence, the Process of the said Court and the Mode of executing the same,

6 & 7 Gut. IV. S s the

Where Judgment obtained, and the Person and Effects cannot be found within the Jurisdiction of the Court of the Vice Warden, &c.

Rule of Court may be enforced by making it a Rule of a Supe-lior Court.

The Vice Warden to have no Jurisdiction except as hereby provided, and any Parties may demur to Jurisdiction of the Court.

Vice Warden empowered to make Rules and Orders touching the Practice and Proceedings of the Court.

C. 106.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Old Practice to continue until such Rules and Orders are made.

Vice Warden authorised to regulate how Evidence shall be taken.

Old Practice to remain until otherwise ordered.

Vice Warden may direct and try an Issue of Fact arising on the Equity Side.

the Fees reasonable to be demanded by Attornies, Solicitors, and others, and by the Officers of the said Court, for Business by them transacted in the said Court, and such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall from Time to Time seem necessary and proper for expediting the Business of the said Court with most Convenience and at most reasonable Expence to the Parties concerned therein, and that the Vice Warden for the Time being shall have Power to revoke, alter, and amend the Rules, Orders, and Regulations so from Time to Time made; provided that the Rules, Orders, and Regulations so at any Time made by such Vice Warden for the Time being are not inconsistent with this Act or any of the Provisions herein contained, and that such of them as shall apply to the Equity Side of the said Court be approved of by the Lord Chancellor of England, and that such of them as apply to the Common Law Side of the said Court be approved of by a Judge of one of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster; provided always, that such Rules and Orders, when so approved, shall be transmitted to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month from the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that all Rules, Regulations, and Orders, and all Forms of Practice, heretofore in use, and all Fees heretofore authorized or accustomed to be taken, in the Court of the Vice Warden for the Time being, or in any of the Courts of the Stannaries, shall (except so far as the same or any of them are hereby annulled or are inconsistent herewith) be and be considered binding and valid Rules, Regulations, and Orders, and Forms of Practice, and authorized Fees, until the same be altered, amended, or revoked by virtue of the Powers hereby given.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being shall in all Cases in Equity brought before him, whether by Bill, Petition, or otherwise, have Power and Authority to take the Whole or any Part of the Evidence therein, either vivd voce on Oath or Affirmation before himself or before the Registrar, or before Persons duly authorized by him for administering Oaths and taking Affidavits, or on Depositions taken before the Registrar or Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, or otherwise as the Vice Warden may from Time to Time direct by any general Rule to be made by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that the said Vice Warden for the Time being may, on interlocutory Matters, and in such other Cases as to him shall seem desirable, receive Evidence either in whole or in part on Affidavits, and that either with or without further Evidence vivd voce or on Depositions: Provided nevertheless, that the Practice heretofore adopted as to taking Evidence in the Court of the Vice Warden and of the Steward's Courts shall nevertheless in the meanwhile continue in each and every Case until the same shall be altered by virtue hereof or of the Powers herein contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Warden to direct an Issue of any Fact arising before him in any Suit instituted by Bill, Petition, or otherwise on the Equity Side of the said Court, to be tried by a Jury, and to issue

Process

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

Process to compel the Attendance of Jurors and Witnesses for that Purpose, and that the Vice Warden shall have all necessary Powers for trying the same and carrying the Verdict thereof into execution; and that after any such Issue shall be tried a new Trial may be moved before the Vice Warden for the Time being, who shall have Power to grant or refuse such new Trial according to the Rules of the Common Law and Practice of the Courts of Westminster in granting or refusing new Trials.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Warden for the Time being, whether he be at the Time in the County of Cornwall or otherwise, in all Cases which may be brought before him, whether in the said County of Cornwall or otherwise, over which Cases he has Jurisdiction, to make such Order by way of Injunction or otherwise, as the Nature of the Case may require, notwithstanding he may have adjourned his Court to some future Time or some other Place; and that for the Entry of Pleadings, Orders, Proclamations, and other Matters touching the Practice of the Court in Process and Execution the said Court shall be considered and be it all Times open; provided that nothing be therein done on any Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Vice Warden shall in any Proceedings instituted for that Purpose make any Decree or Decretal Order against any Person for the Payment of any Money due or payable in respect of the working or Management of or the providing Goods for any Mine worked for any Metal or Metallic Mineral, and the Person against whom such Order or Decretal Order shall be made, or any Person in Trust for him, shall have any Share or Interest in such Mine, and shall not pay the Sum so decreed to be paid, it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Warden, under such Regulations and in such Way as to him shall seem fit, to cause a Sale of such Share or Interest, or of so much thereof as shall be necessary to raise such Sum and the Costs attending such Sale.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Seal of the Stannaries heretofore used by and considered as the Seal of the Vice Warden for the Time being shall be and be deemed and taken to be the Seal of the Court of the Vice Warden, and that every Process issuing from either the Equity or Common Law Side of the said Court shall issue under such Seal; and that all Orders, Proceedings, Documents, and Copies by the Laws of the Stannaries as now existing, or by the Act or by any Rule or Order of either Side of the said Court, or of the Vice Warden as Judge of the said Court, as shall be required to be sealed, shall be sealed therewith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Barristers at Law and all Attornies and Solicitors of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster may appear and plead in any Proceedings in the said Court of the Vice Warden; and in case any Person, not being an Attorney or Solicitor of such Superior Courts, shall practise in the said Court of the Vice Warden as Attorney or Solicitor, he shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the said Court, and be liable to all the Penalties incident thereto, on Complaint thereof made to the said Court; and that all the Laws and

S s 2 Statutes

627

Motion for new Trial.

Power to Vice Warden to make Orders, though Court adjourned or not sitting.

Vice Warden ordering a Person baring a Share in a Mine to pay Money may order a Sale of his Share.

The Vice Warden Seal to be the Seal of his Court.

None but Barristers, &c. of the Superior Courts to practise in Vice Warden's Court.

628

C. 106.

6 & 7 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Court to have Jurisdiction throughout the County of Cornwall, to be a Court of Record, and to be held at Truro.

Appointment of Registrar.

Removal of Registrar.

Present Lord Warden to have the Appointment of Registrar.

Vice Warden may appoint

Statutes now in force concerning Attornies or Solicitors shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend to Attornies or Solicitors practising in the said Court of the said Vice Warden.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of the Vice Warden shall have Jurisdiction throughout the County of Cornwall, and be held at Truro in the said County, and shall be a Court of Record, and shall have within the Limits of its Jurisdiction all the Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Incidents of a Court of Record as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as the same are used or exercised or enjoyed by any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster; and that the Vice Warden for the Time being shall have, use, exercise, and enjoy all the Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Exemptions of a Court of Record; and that the Sitting of the said Court shall be held as often as shall be found necessary, and at least once in every Three Calendar Months, on such Days as the Vice Warden shall from Time to Time appoint.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, or for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, King or Queen Regnant of England for the Time being, in case there shall be no Duke of Cornwall or the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being shall be under Age, by Letters Patent under the Privy Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall or under the Great Seal of England^ as the Case may be, from Time to Time to appoint a fit and proper Person, being a Barrister at Law or a Solicitor or Attorney or one of the Superior Courts at Westminster, to be and act as the Registrar of the said Court of the Vice Warden, and to attend upon and assist the said Vice Warden in his said Court, whether sitting as a Court of Law or Equity, and to enter and draw up all Orders, Decrees, Sentences, and Judgments of all Kinds made and pronounced by him, and to take such Accounts and to execute such References as the said Vice Warden shall direct, and that the Person so appointed as Registrar shall hold his Office during his good Behaviour; Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, if of full Age, or His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, King or Queen Regnant of England for the Time being, if there be no Duke of Cornwall or if the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being be under Age, on a Requisition to him for that Purpose, stating therein sufficient Grounds, and signed by the Vice Warden for the Time being and by Five or more of the Council or of the Commissioners or of the principal Officers of the Duchy, but not otherwise, to remove the Person for the Time being bolding the said Office of Registrar.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, Jtlie Appointment to the Office of such Registrar shall, during the Time the present Lord Warden of the Stannaries holds such Situation of Lord Warden, be in such Lord Warden, subject nevertheless to all the Provisions as to the Qualification of the Person appointed, and his Removal, as herein-before contained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vice Warden for the Time being to appoint by

Writing

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

629

A.D. 1836.

Writing under the Seal of his Court a fit and proper Person to be and act as his Secretary, and also in like Manner to appoint one other fit and proper Person to be and act as Prothonotary or Assistant Registrar in the said Court, and also in like Manner to appoint one other fit and proper Person (who shall enter into such Security as the Vice Warden for the Time being shall think fit) as Collector for the said Court

XXV. And whereas it is expedient that the Vice Warden for the Time being, and the Registrar, and the other before-mentioned Officers of his Court, should be paid by fixed Salaries,

and that all Fees received by such Registrar and the other Officers aforesaid for Business done in the Court should be

accounted for in manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas 1 His Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct that One Moiety or Half Part of the Salaries of the Vice Warden and of the before-mentioned Officers of His Court should be paid out

of and be a Charge upon the Revenues of the Duchy, subject ' nevertheless to be in part indemnified by Contribution of Part

of such Fees so to be accounted for as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that for the Purpose of raising Money sufficient,

with the remaining Portion of such Court Fees, to pay the other ' Moiety or Half Part of the aforesaid Salaries of the said Vice

Warden and the aforesaid Officers of his Court, a small Assess-

ment should be made on all Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin Ore) over all Matters connected with which the Jurisdiction

of such Court is hereby extended as aforesaid, and which shall be from Time to Time brought to Sale in or withdrawn from

any Mine in the said County of Cornwall; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and payable, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, the yearly Sums following as and for the Salaries to the Vice Warden and the before-mentioned Officers of his said Court for the Time being; (videlicet,) to the Vice Warden the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, to the Registrar the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to the Person who shall be so appointed the Secretary to the Vice Warden the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Prothonotary or Assistant Registrar the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and to the Collector the Sum of Thirty Pounds; which said several Sums shall be paid from Time to Time half-yearly, in manner hereby provided, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, by equal Portions, the first of such respective Portions to be paid on the Twenty-fifth Day of March next; and that if any Person at any Time holding any of the said Offices shall die, resign, or be removed from the same, the Executor or Administrator of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning or being removed, shall be entitled to have such proportionate Part of his Salary as shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have held his Office since the last Payment; and that the Successor of any such Person so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive such Portion of his Salary as shall be accruing or shall accrue from the Day of such Death, Resignation, or Removal.

Secretary, Prothonotary, and Collector.

The Salary of the Vice Warden and other Officers.

Apportionment of Salary on Death, &c.

The Revenues of the Duchy charged with Half the Salaries.

Secretary, &c. to account for all Fees half-yearly.

Account to be audited by Vice Warden, and One Third of Fees to be paid in aid of Moiety of the Salaries charged on the Duchy Revenues.

Assessment of One Farthing in the Pound Sterling on all Metals, &c. except Tin; and Head Manager of every Mine to make a Return quarterly of the Quantity and Value.

C. 106. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

XXVI. And be it farther enacted, That a Moiety or Half Part of the aforesaid Salaries to the Vice Warden for the Time being and to the aforesaid Officers of his said Court shall be a Charge on the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, and that the same shall be paid by the Receiver General for the Time being of the said Duchy, under Debentures for that Purpose from the Auditor for the Time being of the said Duchy, in which the said Auditor is hereby authorized to issue; and that the said Receiver General shall, on the Twenty-fifth of March and the Twenty-ninth of September in each Year, under the Debentures so issued, pay, free from all Deductions, the Sums following; (videlicet,) to the Vice Warden for the Time being the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to the Registrar the Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to the Person so appointed Secretary to the Vice Warden the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, to the Prothonotary or Assistant Registrar the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and to the Collector the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person so as aforesaid appointed Secretary toN the Vice Warden, and the said Prothonotary or Deputy Registrar, and the said Collector shall once in every Half Year account for and pay over to the Registrar for the Time being of such Court all Fees received by them by virtue of their respective Appointments during the previous Half Year; and that the Registrar for the Time being shall forthwith make out a full and true Account of all Fees received by him during such preceding Half Year, and of all Fees received by the aforesaid Officers of the said Court, and accounted for and paid to him as aforesaid, for the same Period; and that such Registrar shall have such Account audited by the said Vice Warden for the Time being, in which Account and Audit there may and shall be charged and allowed such small Sums of Money as to the Vice Warden shall seem reasonable for the keeping Order in, and the lighting, airing, and cleansing the Place in which such Court shall be held, and shall transmit a Copy of such Account so audited to the Auditor for the Time being of the said Duchy, and shall pay or cause to be paid to the said Receiver or his Deputy One Third Part of the total Amount of Fees so appearing to have come to the Hands of such Registrar, for which Sum so paid the Receiver shall on passing his Accounts give Credit to the Duchy in part Discharge of the Moiety of the Salaries so as aforesaid charged on the Revenues of the said Duchy.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable the Sum of One Farthing in the Pound Sterling on the Value of all Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin and Tin Ore) which shall be from Time to Time brought to Sale in or withdrawn from any Mine within the said County of Cornwall; and that the Head Manager of every Mine in the said County of Cornwall shall, within Ten Days after each quarterly Account of the Mine over which he is Head Manager shall have been or ought to have been made up, transmit to the Registrar for the Time being of the Vice Warden's Courts a full, true, and particular Account and Return of all Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin and Tin Ore) which shall have been brought to Sale in or shall

h have

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.JOa

631

Registrar, out of the Assessment and the

pay I Moiety of the Salaries.

have been withdrawn from the Mine of which he is such Head Manager during the preceding Quarter, and shall in such Return state the Value in Money of the respective Quantities of the Metals and Metallic Minerals specified therein at the Time the same were respectively brought to Sale or withdrawn, as the Case may be; and that the Head Manager of every such Mine shall on Application from the Collector of the Vice Warden's Court pay or cause to be paid to such Collector the Sum of One Farthing in the Pound Sterling on the aggregate Value of all Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin and Tin Ore} which shall have been brought to Sale or withdrawn from such Mine during the preceding Quarter; and that every such Payment by such Head Manager shall be considered as Costs, and shall on passing his Account with respect to the Mine of which he is such Head Manager be allowed to him accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar for the Time being shall, out of the Monies which shall from Time to Time be in his Hands by means of such Assessments as aforesaid, and by f means of the remaining of the Court Fees as aforesaid, pay to the tTpey the other said Vice Warden and to himself and the other Officers aforesaid of the said Court the Sums following, being other Moiety of the said Salaries, in manner following; (that is to say,) shall pay on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, free from all Deductions, to the said Vice Warden the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to himself the Registrar the Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to the Person filling the Situation of Secretary to the Vice Warden the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, to the Prothonotary the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and to the Collector the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Registrar for the Time being shall at the End of every Half Year lay before the Vice Warden for the Time being a full, true, and particular Account of the Balance remaining in his Hands at the Commencement of such preceding Half Year, and of all Monies received by him during such last Half Year in respect of such Assessment as aforesaid, and when and from whom and from what Mine received, and also shall in such Account give Credit for the remaining vice Worden Portion of the said Court Fees so in his Hands after such Payment half-yearly, to the Auditor of the Duchy as aforesaid, and shall also in like Manner lay before the Vice Warden a full, true, and particular Account of all Salaries and other Expences paid by such Registrar during the same Period; and that a Balance shall be thereby struck, showing the Balance remaining in the Hands of such Registrar at the End of the then last Half Year; and that thereupon the Vice Warden for the Time being shall and is hereby required to audit the said Account, and also the said Account for Court Fees herein-before mentioned, and if the same shall be found correct to allow the same respectively, by putting his Signature thereto; and that such Accounts when so allowed shall be filed amongst the Records of the said Court, and be open for the Inspection of all Persons in the usual Way: Provided always, that if it shall at any Time appear to the Vice Warden for the Time being, on auditing such Account of the Registrar, that there

S s 4* remains

The Registrar to have his Accounts of Receipts from the Assessment and the Fees, and his Payments thereout, au-

If at the End of any Half Year a Balance appears suf-

632

C. 106.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

ficient for the next Half Year, no Assessment to be made until the Expiration of such Half Year; but nevertheless the Head Manager to make the Returns.

Penalty on Head Manager omitting to make any Return, or making a false Return.

Jurors.

Summoning of Jurors.

Rallot and Challenge of Jurois.

remains a general Balance in his Hands sufficient lo meet all Payments hereby authorized to be made thereout for the next Half Year, then and in such Case the Vice Warden shall have Power and is hereby required to give Notice thereof by Advertisement in the County Papers, or in such Way as he shall think fit; and that thereupon no Assessment shall be made or become payable in respect of the said One Farthing in the Pound Sterling on the Value of all Metals and Metallic Minerals as aforesaid during such succeeding Half Year: Provided nevertheless, that, although no such Assessment shall in such Case be made during such Period, the said Manager of every Mine is required to and shall make such Return as aforesaid to the said Registrar of all Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin and Tin Ore) brought to Sale or withdrawn from the Mine over which he is such Head Manager, precisely as if such Assessments were or would be payable in respect of the Ore specified in such Return.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Head Manager of any Mine shall omit to make such full, true, and particular Return as hereby required of the Quantities of Metals and Metallic Minerals (except Tin and Tin Ore) brought to Sale or withdrawn as aforesaid in the Mine of which he is such Head Manager, or of the Value thereof, as is hereby required, or shall, on Demand made, omit to pay or cause to be paid such Assessment as aforesaid, or shall wilfully make any false or incorrect Return, then and in every such Case such Head Manager shall be subject for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being may and shall in the present and every succeeding Year order the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Cornwall to make out a Duplicate of the Jurors Book at the Time in use, or about to be brought into use, or of such Part of the said Book as such Vice Warden may think fit to specify in such Order; and the Clerk of the Peace, upon the Receipt of such Order, shall with all convenient Speed make out such Duplicate, and deliver the same to the Registrar of the Court of such Vice Warden; and that every such Duplicate shall be the Book of Jurors qualified and liable to serve as Jurymen in all Cases before the Vice Warden for the Time being, and that every stich Duplicate shall be kept by the Registrar, and shall be by him used as the Jurors Book for the Time being.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of the said Court shall cause to be summoned, One Week before the First Day of each Sitting of such Vice Warden, Forty-eight Persons named in the Jurors Book by him kept as aforesaid to attend at the Time and Place appointed for holding such Sitting; and every such Summons shall be according to the Form given in the Schedule hereto annexed, and shall be served either personally on each such Person or by leaving it at his Dwelling House; and that in summoning such Persons Regard shall always be had as hr as may be to the Convenience of the Individuals so summoned; and no Person shall be summoned oftener than once in a Year.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of the said Court shall make a List of the Jurors so summoned, together with the

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

the Places of ^bode and Additions, and shall cause their Names to be written severally on Slips of Paper and put into a Box, and the Names of the Jurors for the Trial of Causes shall be drawn out of the Box by the Registrar; and each Party may, until no more than Twelve remain, object to any Person whose Name is drawn out, without assigning any Cause; and if any Objection is made to the Twelve so remaining, it must be stated to and decided on by the Vice Warden for the Time being; and if any such Objection be allowed, the Names of the Jurors rejected without Cause assigned shall be returned to the Box, and drawn . again until a sufficient Number be found to make a Jury of Twelve; and such Jury of Twelve shall be the Jury sworn for the Trial: Provided always, that if there shall not be Twelve Persons attending, or against whom no Objection shall have been allowed, it shall be lawful for the said Vice Warden to order the requisite Number of Persons from among the By-standers to be summoned by the Registrar, and sit on the Jury, subject to any Objections which may be made for Causes assigned, except for Want of Qualification or Want of Summons: Provided also, that the said Vice Warden may, if he sees fit, direct the Registrar to divide the List of Forty-eight Jurors into Two Lists, and to require the Persons in the one List to attend and serve for so many Days at the Beginning of the Sittings as the said Vice Warden shall order, and those in the other List to attend and serve for the Residue of the Sittings, according as the said Vice Warden shall think fittest for the Convenience of the said Persons; and then and in that Case the Registrar shall divide the said List of Forty-eight Jurors into Two Lists, and cause the Persons named in each of such Lists to be summoned to attend on different Days ac-

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person having been duly summoned to attend as a Juror in the Court of the Vice Warden shall not attend in pursuance of such Summons, or being thrice called in Court shall not answer to his Name, or if any such Person being present in Court, or any such By-stander in Court, after having been called shall not duly appear, or after his Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself from the Presence of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Vice Warden to impose such Fine upon every such Person or By-stander so making Default (unless some reasonable Excuse shall be given to the Satisfaction of the said Vice Warden) as to the said Vice Warden shall seem meet; and if such Fine shall not be paid at the Time ordered by the said Vice Warden, the same shall and may be levied by Writ of Fieri facias to be issued out of the Common Law Side of the said Court of the Vice Warden.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being shall and may appoint a fit and proper Person to be Crier and Usher of his said Court, who shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Vice Warden for the Time being, and may be removed in a summary Manner, and may and shall receive such Fees for acting as Crier and Usher of the said Court as the said Vice Warden shall from Time to Time by virtue of the Provisions herein contained authorize.

Jury to consist of 12.

Jury de Circumstantibus.

Penalty on Jurors for Non-attendance.

Appointment of Crier and Usher.

C84

C. 106.

6 & 1° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Vice Warden and Registrar not to practise.

Vice Warden, Registrar, and other Officers to take no Fees, &c. except as hereby provided, &c.

[Penalty.]

A List of Fees to be hung up.

The County Prison at Bodmin to be the Prison of the Vice Warden's Court.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being shall not during his Continuance in such Office practise as a Barrister, and that the Registrar for the Time being of the said Court shall not during his Continuance in such Office practise as a Barrister or Solicitor or Attorney in such Court, or in any other Court of Law or Equity in the United Kingdom of England and Ireland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Vice Warden for the Time being shall not demand or take, upon any Pretence, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever; and that such Registrar and other aforesaid Officers of the said Court appointed under this Act shall not demand or take, upon any Pretence whatever, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward other than and except such as are hereby authorized, or as shall be from Time to Time settled and allowed by the Vice Warden for the Time being by virtue hereof or of the Provisions herein contained; and that if any such Person shall offend in that Behalf he shall be removed from the Office he shall then hold, and be disabled from again holding the same or any other Office under this Act

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That a Table of all Fees for the Time being authorized by the Vice Warden to be taken by any Solicitor or Attorney practising in his said Court or by any Officer of his said Court for Business done therein, shall be hung up in some conspicuous Place in such Court

XL. And whereas the Gaol belonging to the Courts heretofore the Courts of the Vice Warden and of the Stannaries is situate ' at Lostwithiel in the said County of Cornwall: And whereas it i would tend more to the Public Convenience that the Court of the Vice Warden should use as its Gaol or Prison for all Purposes ' the Prison belonging to the County of Cornwall, and situate at ' Bodmin, in lieu or place of the said Gaol at Lostwithiel; be it therefore enacted, That every Person hereafter arrested or taken Prisoner or detained by virtue of any Writ, Process, Order, Decree, or Proceeding issuing out of or from or by either Side of the said Court of the Vice Warden of the Stannaries, or committed for Contempt of the said Court, shall be taken to the County Prison at Bodmin in the said County of Cornwall, or to other the Prison for the Time being of the said County, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Provisions and Regulations in every respect, as if such Person were arrested and conveyed to the Prison by virtue of any Writ, Process, Order, Decree, or Proceeding issuing out of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or committed for Contempt by any of the said last-mentioned Courts; and the Gaoler or Keeper for the Time being of such County Prison as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to receive into such County Prison every Person so arrested and conveyed to Prison by virtue of any Writ, Process, Order, Decree, or Proceeding issuing out of or from or by either Side of the said Court of the Vice Warden, or so committed for Contempt of the said Court as aforesaid, and to maintain, support, and provide for every such Person in the same Manner as if he had been arrested and brought to the said County Prison by virtue of any Writ, Process, Order, Decree, or

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 106.

635

Proceeding issued out of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or were committed for Contempt of any of the said last-mentioned Courts; and that all and singular the Charges and Expences of maintaining, supporting, and providing for every Person so arrested or committed to the said County Prison as aforesaid shall be paid and defrayed out of such Portion of County Rate of the said County of Cornwall as for the Time being shall be applicable to the Support of the Debtors confined in the said County Prison.

XLI. And be it enacted, That all Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities heretofore lawfully exercised by the Vice Warden or Steward or any Judge of any of the Stannaries shall be hereafter exercised by the Vice Warden for the Time being; and that all Penalties heretofore authorized to be recovered, and all Oaths heretofore required or authorized to be taken, and all Acts, Matters, and Things heretofore required or authorized to be had or done in any of the Courts of the Stannaries, or before the Vice Warden or the Steward of any of the Stannaries, shall be and are hereby required and authorized to be recovered, taken, had, and done before the Vice Warden or in the Court of the Vice Warden, as the Case may be; and that all Proclamations, Returns, Certificates, Exhibits, Matters, and Things heretofore required to be made, transmitted, or given to or deposited with any of the Courts of the Stannaries, or the Vice Warden or Steward of any of the Stannaries, shall be and are hereby required to be made, transmitted, and given to and deposited with the Court of the Vice Warden; and all Bonds and Recognizances heretofore required to be entered into before the Steward or any of the Courts of the Stannaries shall be entered into before the Registrar of the said Court.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, on the Application of any Party to any Action or Suit on the Common Law Side of the said Court of the Vice Warden, on special and sufficient Cause shown by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of such Court of King's Bench, that an impartial or sufficient Trial cannot be had in such Court of the Vice Warden, to remove, by Writ of Certiorari, all Proceedings which may have been had in such Action or Suit, and to deal therewith, and to make such Orders respecting the same, and the future Trial of and Proceedings in such Action or Suit, as to the said Court of King's Bench shall seem meet.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Statutes, Laws, Liberties, Privileges, Customs, Rights, Usages, and Freedoms at the Time of passing this Act in force in any of the Stannaries of the said County of Cornwall shall, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, continue and be and have the same Force and Effect as if this Act had not passed, save and except so far as the same or any of them are contrary or repugnant to the Laws of this Realm or inconsistent with the Provisions herein contained, or are annulled, repealed, or altered hereby, or by means of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That wherever this Act, in describing or referring to any Person or Matter or Thing, uses the Words importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender

only,

The Powers heretofore rested in the Vice Warden or Steward or Court of the Stannaries to be exercised by the Vice Warden.

Removal of Causes in certain Cases to the Court of King'll Bench.

AH existing Laws, Customs, &c. not inconsistent with this Act or the Law of the Realm preserved.

Interpretation of this Act.

A.D. 1836.

686 C. 106, 107. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.mmencement of Act.

Act may be altered this Session.

only, the same shall be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons as well as one Person, and to Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters or Things respectively as well as one Matter or Thing respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; and that wherever the Word " Plaintiff" or " Defendant " is used, it shall mean the Person instituting the Proceedings, or the Person against whom Proceedings are instituted respectively, in whatever Way such Proceedings are commenced; and wherever the Word " Mine " is used, it shall mean any Mine, Work, or Adventure wherein or connected with which any Metals or Metallic Minerals are worked; and that wherever the Words " Head Manager of any Mine" is used, it shall mean the Captain, Purser, or other Person who for the Time being shall have the principal Superintendence over such Mine; and that the Powers hereby given to the Lord Chancellor of England shall and may be used by the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to or affect or extend or be considered as extending to the County of Devon, or the Stannaries within the said County, except as to the Service in the said County of Devon of any Writ of Subpoena issuing out of such Vice Warden's Court as herein-before provided.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Form of Summons to Jurors.

You are hereby required to attend and serve as a Juror at the Sitting to be holden before Vice Warden of the

Stannaries, at his Court, on the Day of

next.

Registrar of Day of 183 .

To A.B.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to extend the Period for the Repayment of Loans made under an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 76. ' of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

1 for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, it is enacted, that when any ' Sum of Money shall have been borrowed for certain Purposes therein mentioned, the Principal Sum shall be repaid by annual ' Instalments of not less than One Tenth of the Sum borrowed,

1 with

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 107, 108.

637

1 with Interest on the same, in any One Year: And whereas several Loans have been made by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners ' and by private Persons to divers Parishes and Unions, the Amount whereof or of a large Part thereof is still due, and it is expedient that Authority should be given in certain Cases to allow a longer Period for the Repayment of such Money Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Money shall have been so borrowed by any Parish or Union under the Direction or with the Sanction of the Poor Law Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Exchequer Loan Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or of any Three or more of them, or for any private Persons, if they shall see fit, to extend the Repayment of the Principal Sum borrowed under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and then remaining due, to such a Period as calculating from the Date of the Charge on the Poor Rates of such Parish or Union would extend the Repayment thereof to a Period not exceeding Twenty Years instead of Ten Years, as provided for by the said recited Act; and in every future Advance it shall be lawful for the Exchequer Loan Commissioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or of any Three or more of them, and also for any private Persons, if they shall see fit, to extend the Repayment of any Principal Sum so to be borrowed to a Period not exceeding Twenty Years as aforesaid: Provided always, that not less than One Twentieth Part of such Principal Sum and the Interest due in each Year upon the whole Sum remaining due shall be paid off in every Year.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That any Loans which have or shall in future be made by the said Exchequer Loan Commissioners or by any private Persons under the said recited Act, and the Period of Repayment of which shall be extended under the Provisions of this Act, such Extension shall be without Prejudice to any Security or Securities taken or which may in future be taken for such Sums or Advances respectively, and such Loans shall by virtue of such Extension be repayable at the extended Periods in such and the like Manner as if such extended Periods of Repayment had been inserted in such Security or Securities respectively instead of the Periods provided by the said recited Act and set forth in such Security or Securities respectively.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act

(for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are authorized and empowered to cause or direct to be made out from Time to Time,

Period for Re* payment of Loans already made may be extended to 20 Years instead of 10 Years;

and in future Advances the Repayment may be extended to 20 Years.

Extension of Repayment of Loans not to prejudice the Securities.

1 &2 W. 4. c. 33.

638

C. 108.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 100.

In addition to the Sum of 500,000l. in Exchequer Bills made applicable for the Promotion of Public Works in Ireland by the first-recited Act 100,000l. of the Exchequer Bills made out under S&4W. 4. C. 100. may be so applied.

Time, as might be necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, 4 any Number of Exchequer Bills, the Amount whereof at any ' Time outstanding should not exceed in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas Exchequer Bills

to an Amount little short of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds have been issued and applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Owners of Tithes in Ireland, and for the Amendment of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 4 4 An Act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, i afU* *n Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of

4 4 His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to make 4 4 stick Compositions permanent, the said Commissioners of the

Treasury were authorized and empowered to cause or direct other

Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds,

to be applied to the Relief of the Owners of Tithes in Ireland in manner by the said last-recited Act directed: And whereas the Sum of Six hundred and thirty-five thousand seven hundred

and twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven-pence, Part of the said Sum of One million Pounds, has been applied, pursuant to the said last-recited Act, to the Purposes thereof: And whereas over and above the Sum required for the Purposes of the said last-recited Act, Exchequer Bills to the Amount herein-after

mentioned, or thereabouts, were made out pursuant to the Provisions of the said last-recited Act, and delivered to the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, in whose Custody the same now remain; and it is expedient that such Exchequer Bills,

to an Amount not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds,

should, the same not being required for the Purposes of the said last-recited Act, be applied to the Purposes of the said first-

recited Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over and above and in addition to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds to which the outstanding Loans or Advances to be made by the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland were by such Act limited, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make further Loans or Advances to an Amount not exceeding in the whole One hundred thousand Pounds, and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to authorize and direct the Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland to issue and deliver, upon the Warrant in Writing of the Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act, to the Person or Persons in such Warrant named, such of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for the Relief of the Owners of Tithes, as may now be in the Possession of the said Teller of the Exchequer, to an Amount not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, and such Exchequer

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 10&.

639

quer Bills shall and may be applied accordingly to the Purposes of the said Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works, and of this Act, as if made and issued for such Purposes and under the Provisions of that Act

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works, in respect of the Loans or Advances to be made under Authority of that Act, and in respect of the Exchequer Bills to be issued for the Purposes of such Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable or shall not be varied by this Act, be applied and extend to the Loans and Advances to be made under this Act, and to the Exchequer Bills to be issued and applied as herein before directed to the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses and Provisoes were herein repeated and re-enacted, and made specially applicable thereto.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland to make any Loan or Advance upon Application duly" made conformably to the Provisions of the said Act and this Act, and which may be approved of by the said Commissioners and by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, at such Rate of Interest, payable half-yearly, not less than Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum above the Rate of Interest on the Exchequer Bills which may be issued for the Purpose of providing for such Loan or Advance, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, any thing in the said recited Act requiring a different or higher Rate of Interest on any Loan or Advance to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it is provided by the said recited Act that ' the Rules and Regulations to be established by the said Commissioners in respect of the Applications to be made to them

thereunder shall contain Provisions requiring in all Cases the

Production of such detailed Estimates, Maps, Plans, or Specifications as may be applicable to the Nature of the Work in respect whereof such Applications may be made: And whereas ' it may be convenient that the previous Preparation of such Estimates, Maps, Plans, or Specifications should be dispensed ' with in certain Cases; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to receive and take into their Consideration Applications made to them pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, without the Production of the Estimates, Maps, Plans, and Specifications required by the said Act as aforesaid, in such Cases as they in their Discretion shall think fit to dispense with the Production of the same, and the said Commissioners shall amend the Regulations established by them as aforesaid accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if upon the Consideration of any such Application they shall so far approve of the same, to appoint and employ some competent Surveyor or Surveyors to inspect and survey and make the necessary Estimates, Maps, Plans, or Specifications of any Work referred to in such Application, and investigate the general Object, Utility, and Nature thereof, and report thereon to the said Commissioners,

Provisions of 1 & 2 W. 4. C. 39. extended to Loans under this Act.

Advances may be made at such Rate of Interest as the Treasury shall appoint, not being less than 10*. per Cent, above the Interest on Exchequer Bills.

The Commissioners may receive and consider Applications without the Production of Estimates^&c. as required by the said Act; and if they shall approve thereof may appoint a Surveyor to inspect, survey, and report t her on, provided Applicants deposit Expence of such Survey, &c.

640

C. 108.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners may take Deposit* or Transfers of the Shares, Stock, &c. of public Companies as chief or collateral Security.

Instead of Obligations to the King, Bonds may be made to the Secretary of Commissioners.

missioners, provided that the Party making such Application shall previously deposit, as the said Commissioners shall direct, a Sum adequate to defray the Expence attendant upon such Survey and Report, and the making such Maps, Plans, Specifications, or Estimates, and all attendant Expences.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act, in the Place of such real or other Security or Securities as they are by the said Act empowered and directed to take and require, or as collateral thereto, to accept and take as Security for any Loan or Advance to be made under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act Deposits or Transfers of the Shares, Stock, Bonds, or Debentures of such public Companies as shall be approved by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in like Manner as by the said Act such Commissioners are empowered to accept and take Deposits or Transfers of Bank or Government Stock, Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds; and all such Deposits or Transfers of the Shares, Stock, Bonds, or Debentures of such public Companies so assigned, transferred, or deposited shall, in default of Payment of such Loan, with Interest due thereon, in the Manner directed and appointed by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act, become and be absolutely vested in the said Commissioners or their Secretary, as the Case may be, and shall and may be sold and disposed of, or the Monies due or payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary it shall not be necessary in any Case, except as herein-after mentioned, for any Party to whom any Loan shall be made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or of either of them, to execute any Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, but in lieu thereof any Party who would have been liable to execute any such Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King shall and is hereby required, before any Payment shall be made in respect of any Loan to be made under the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or of either of them, to make and enter into, or cause some sufficient Persons or Person, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to make and enter into, a Bond or Obligation in Writing to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, together with a Warrant of Attorney for confessing Judgment thereon (the entering of which Judgment shall be in the Discretion of the said Commissioners) , whereby the Obligors or Obligor therein named shall bind themselves, himself, or herself, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in such Penalty as the said Commissioners shall direct; and such Bond or Obligation shall be conditioned to be void if the Parties or Party to whom any Loan shall be made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, shall apply or cause to be applied all the Money so to be advanced at such Times and in such Manner and for such Purposes as shall be specified in any Agreement which shall have been or shall hereafter be entered into between such

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 108. 641

Parties or Party and such Commissioners for that Purpose, and shall, so often as may be required by the said Commissioners, lay before them a Statement of the Application of the Money advanced, and of the Progress and State of the Work mentioned in such Agreement and of such further Sums as may be necessary for the Completion thereof, together with all Contracts which may have been entered into with reference to the Execution of such Work, and all Accounts and Vouchers in any Way relating thereto, and shall keep and perform all such other Covenants and Conditions as the said Commissioners shall prescribe and require to be inserted in such Bond or Obligation: Provided nevertheless, that if in any Case the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit to require that a Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King should be entered into by or by any sufficient Sureties or Surety on behalf of any Party by or on whose Behalf any Loan shall be applied for as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized to require from such Party, or sufficient Sureties or Surety, such Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King as is by the said recited Act directed to be taken; and all the Provisions contained in the said recited Act as to any Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Remedies for putting the same in force, shall be in full Force and Effect as against such Party, or Sureties or Surety, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and their, his, or her Estate and Effects, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That so often as any Breach or Default shall be made in the Performance of all or any Part of the Condition of any Bond or Obligation which shall be entered into to the said Secretary under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time at their Discretion to direct their Solicitor for the Time being to proceed against all or any of the Obligors or Obligor, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and upon Proof of any such Breach or Default the Jury shall award such Sum for Damages and Costs as they shall think fit, not exceeding the Penalty of the said Bond or Obligation; and such Sum so awarded, when levied, shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the said Commissioners, to be applied by them for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized at any Time at their Discretion to direct against which of the Obligors in any such Bond, if there are more than One, Proceedings shall be from Time to Time taken on any such Bond or Obligation, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be exhibited to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Dublin, to direct any such Proceedings to be discontinued, quashed, or abated, and the same shall thereupon be discontinued, quashed, or abated.

VIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the Work in respect of which any such Bond or Obligation shall have been made to the said Secretary shall be completed, and the Conditions thereof fully satisfied, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, upon the Application of any Obligor therein named, to

6 & 7 Gul. IV. T t certify

Bond to be made to the King when ns. quired by the Treasury.

Bond to be sued upon.

Upon Performance of the Condition the Bond to be cancelled.

o^r GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Grants may be made for Harbours, &c. on navigable Lakes and Rivers, in like Manner as on Coast Harbours, &c.

Power to levy Tolls.

Amount of Tolls.

Power to increase the Tolls for Improvements.

Power to let the Tolls *

certify in Writing that the said Condition has been performed, and upon Production of such Certificate to the proper Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland in which Judgment may have been entered up on such Bond or Obligation Satisfaction shall be entered up on the Record of such Judgment; and in case Judgment shall not have been entered up thereupon the said Bond or Obligation shall be delivered up by the Party holding the same to such Obligor to be cancelled, and shall be cancelled accordingly.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act to receive Applications and make Grants in aid of the Construction and Erection of small Harbours, Piers, and Quays on navigable Rivers and Lakes, on the same Terms and subject to the like Conditions and Regulations as to the Amount of such Grants, and all other Particulars, as by the said Act provided in respect of Applications and Grants in aid of the Construction and Erection of small Harbours, Piers, and Quays on the Sea Coast of Ireland, and with the like Powers and Authorities in relation thereto, save as such Conditions and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, may be altered by this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That when and so often as any Pier, Harbour, or Quay shall have been constructed, either wholly or in part, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, or of either of them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to levy or cause to be levied and paid, for the Use of such Pier, Harbour, or Quay, such Tolls as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time approve of: Provided always, that the Amount of such Tolls shall not exceed the probable average annual Expence of maintaining and repairing such Pier, Harbour, or Quay, and of the contingent Expences to be incurred by the said Commissioners in relation thereto, and of the Amount of Interest at the Rate of« not less than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital, whether public or private, expended on such Work; and provided further, that in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that it would promote the Public Advantage that a greater Amount of Tolls should be levied, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Use of any such Pier, Harbour, or Quay, or that such Tolls should be at any Time increased with a View of thereby creating a Fund for the Improvement of such Pier, Harbour, or Quay, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to increase or to lower such Tolls to such Extent and for such Period as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, by public Bidding, from Time to Time to let and from Time to Time to relet all or any of the Tolls payable under the Provisions of this Act, for Terms not exceeding Ten nor less than Five Years, on such Conditions and with such Security for Payment of the Rent reserved on such Lease as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 108. 643

approve: Provided always, that every such Lease shall contain a Covenant on the Part of the Lessee or Lessees to keep such Work in repair (so far as the ordinary Wear and Tear of such Work may render necessary) , and shall also contain a Power of Re-entry on the Nonpayment of such Rent, or Nonperformance of such Covenant for Repairs, within Three Calendar Months after the same shall become due, or after any Breach of any such Covenant and a Power to such Commissioners at any Time to put an end thereto on giving Three Calendar Months Notice to the Lessees or Lessee thereof of an Intention so to do: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to or affect any Tolls already raiseable and payable or which shall hereafter be made raiseable or payable by virtue of the Provisions of any Act of Parliament passed before the passing of this Act

XII. And be it enacted, That the Tolls payable under the Provisions of this Act or the Rent payable upon any Lease thereof, shall be applied in manner following; (that is to say,) first in repairing and maintaining the Pier, Harbour, or Quay in respect of which such Tolls or Rents shall be payable; and, in the next place, in defraying all the contingent Expences of the said Commissioners in relation to such Work; and, in the next place, in paying Interest on the Capital, whether private or public, expended in the Execution of such Work, to the Parties entitled to receive the same, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, so far as the same will extend; and the Surplus of such Tolls or Rent shall be in the meantime invested in Public or Government Securities, and suffered to accumulate so as to form a Fund for the future Improvement of such Work, and such Fund shall be applied for such Purpose, at such Time, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in Cases in which such Tolls shall not be leased or let, and for the Lessees or Lessee of such Tolls if leased or let, from Time to Time to appoint sufficient Collectors and Officers or Agents for the Purpose of receiving the Tolls payable under this Act; and in case any Person liable to pav such Tolls shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, it shall be lawml for the said Commissioners, or for the Lessees or Lessee of the said Tolls, or their Officer or Agent or other Person to whom such Toll ought to have been paid, to seize the Vessel, Goods, Articles, and Things in respect of which such Tolls ought to have been paid wherever the same may be found, and to detain the same until such Tolls, together with the reasonable Cost and Expences of such Seizure and Detention, shall be paid; and if such Vessels, Goods, Articles, and Things shall not be redeemed within Twenty-one Days after the Seizure thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold, and, after deducting the Costs of such Seizure, Detention, and Sale, all such Sums as shall be due in respect of such Toll shall be satisfied thereout, and the Overplus paid to the Owner, in like Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent in arrear.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations

Covenants in Leases.

Application of Tolls.

Power of enforcing Payment of Tolls.

Commissioners may make such Bye Laws lor

644 C. 108. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Payment of Tolls and Use of such Piers, &c. as said Commissioners are enabled to do under 1 &2 W. 4. C.SS.

Advances for Repair ef Bridges may be made by Commissioners of Public Works.

Treasury authorised to enlarge the Time for Payment of the Principal, and to reduce the Interest on existing and new Loans.

In existing Loans Treasury to have Power to dispense with

for the Payment of Rates or Tolls in, and for the Use and Occupation of any such Pier, Harbour, or Quay, and the Preservation and safe Keeping of the same, such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations not being contrary to the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, as the Directors of General Inland Navigation in Ireland were enabled to make and establish under any Act or Acts for promoting Inland Navigation, or as the said Commissioners for the Promotion and Extension of Public Works in Ireland are now enabled to do under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, vesting the Powers and Authorities theretofore enjoyed by the said Directors General in the said Commissioners; and any Person or Persons guilty of any Breach of or offending against any such Bye Laws, Rules, or Regulations, shall and may be proceeded against, and shall incur a like Penalty or Forfeiture, to be levied and enforced in like Manner as in the Case of any Person offending against the Bye Laws, Rules, or Regulations at any Time made by the said Directors General or by the said Commissioners in respect of any Canal or Navigation.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Consent and Approval of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to make Advances under this Act or the Acts herein-before recited for the building, rebuilding, or repairing of Public Bridges on Lines of Turnpike Roads, provided the Repayment of such Advance be adequately secured upon the Tolls of such Turnpike Roads, or other adequate Security.

XVI. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained, in any Case in which any Loan or Advance for any Purpose has already been or shall be made, under the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or of either of them, to any Body, Company, or Party, on any Security whatever, to be repaid on any Terms whatever, either as to Principal or Interest, it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and they are hereby authorized at their Discretion, notwithstanding the Terms of any Agreement which may have been made or shall hereafter be made as to such Loan, to enlarge the Time within or to increase the Number of Instalments in which such Loan or any Part thereof shall be required to be repaid, or to reduce the Rate of Interest which shall be payable on such Loan or on any unpaid Part thereof; and every such Extension of Time or Reduction of the Rate of Interest, when made as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been Part of the Terms of such Loan or Advance, and as if all the Securities entered into in relation to such Loan had been entered into after such Extension of Time or Reduction of Interest had been made: Provided always, that the Interest shall in no Case be reduced to a Rate less than Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum above the Rate of Interest on the Exchequer Bills made out dt issued for the Purpose of such Loan or Advance.

XVII. And be it enacted, That, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to release and discharge,

9 if

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 108.

645

if they shall so think fit, any Party who under the Provisions of or release from the said recited Act shall be liable to be called upon to contribute Li^iHtytoooon-any Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing any Work in Jhe Completion respect of which any Loan has been or shall be made, over and of Works be-above or in addition to the Amount for which such Party sub* yond the Esd-scribed or contracted to subscribe towards the Execution of any mate, such Work; and that in any Loans which shall hereafter be made under the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, no such Liability shall be incurred unless the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall so direct: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think fit, at any Time by any Writing under their Hands to declare that any Loan which shall hereafter be made shall be made subject to such Liability to contribute being incurred, and at any Times or Time after such Liability shall have been incurred, if they shall so think fit, to release and discharge all or any of the Parties who shall be so liable to contribute from the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sums or Sum of Money which he, she, or they shall be so liable to contribute or pay; and in case the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit to make any such Declaration requiring such Liability to be undertaken, the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act shall make such Loan upon such Condition that such Liability to contribute shall be incurred; and in case the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall subsequently release or discharge any Party from such Liability, every such Party shall from thenceforth be so released and discharged therefrom accordingly.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage, Assignment, Securities to bu

or other Security (except the Writing obligatory herein-before in the

mentioned) which is directed or required to be made in pursuance schedule of the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act, or of

either of them, for securing the Repayment of any Loan and Interest, may be made in such of the Forms set forth in the Schedule to this Act as shall be applicable thereto, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; and that every Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Remedy created by or which shall arise by virtue of such Mortgage, Assignment, or other Security, or by any Bond or Obligation in Writing to be executed to the Secretary of the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, shall be vested in the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, without any Assignment or Transfer being executed to him.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in case His Majesty shall think Powers to enter fit to issue a Commission deputing and appointing any Persons to Lands ^vep to consider and report upon the principal Lines of Communication

in Ireland, with reference to the comparative Advantages and Fa- beappointedtcf cilities they afford for the Construction of Railways, with a view reportupon and to ascertain the best Lines between any of the principal Places surrey the prin-in Ireland which it may be desirable to connect by Railways, and ciP*1 bines best for which Works Joint Stock Companies may be willing hereafter to apply to Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons and their Surveyors or Agents, for the Purpose of making

T t 3 such

046 '

G. 108.

6° &T° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty for pre-Ten ting such Commissioners or their Surrey-on in making such Surrey, &c.

Construction of Terms.

Act may be altered.

such Survey as may be necessary to carry into effect such His Majesty's Commands and Instructions, to enter into and upon the Lands of any Person or Corporation whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the same or of any Part thereof, and to do and execute all Matters and Things necessary or convenient for making such Survey, such Persons doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them by the said Commission and hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction (if required) to the Owners of and other Persons interested in any such Lands which shall or may be in any way injured or damnified in or by the Execution of the Powers by the said Commission and hereby granted to such Persons; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify such Persons, and all Surveyors, Agents, or Persons acting in and under the Orders of any of them, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers by such Commission and hereby granted.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully prevent, assault, or threaten to assault any such Commissioner, or any Surveyor or Agent acting in aid or under the Orders of any such Commissioner, pursuant to the Provisions herein-before contained, or shall wilfully destroy or injure any Surveyor's Instruments or Implements used for the Purpose of making such Surrey as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, upon Conviction by the Oath of One credible Witness before any Two Justices of file Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been committed at Petty Sessions, duch Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds as the said Justices shall think fit; and in case the same shall not be paid such Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender to any Gaol, Bridewell, or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That wherever the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be named in this Act, the Provision shall be deemed to import and apply to any Three or more of them, or to the Lord High Treasurer when such Officer there shall be.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

No. 1.

Form of Security by way of Mortgage or Assignment of any Freehold or Leasehold or Personal Estate, or by way of Deposit of any Title Deeds or Documents relating to any Freehold, Leasehold or other Personal Estate.

Wherfas by virtue of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland," and of an Act passed in the Year of His present Majesty, intituled

[here insert the Title of this Act], the Commissioners for the Execution of the said Acts have agreed to lend and advance to us, A.B.

[here insert the Names of the Parties receiving the Loan or Advance, and the Sum, and the Terms on which it is made]; it is

therefore

A.D. 1836.

ft* & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 108.

647

therefore witnessed, that in pursuance of the said Agreement, and |n consideration of the Sum of so agreed to be

advanced as aforesaid, we the said A.B.

[here insert the Names of the Parties to the Agreement interested in the Work ] do assign [here insert the Description of the Work], together with all our Estate, Right, Title, and Interest therein, and we the said AJB. of [Principals], and CJ). of [Sureties], do for the like Consideration assign [or deposit, as the Case may be], [here insert a Description of the Property intended to be askgned or deposited by *y ef Security ], together with all our respective Estates, Rights, Tide, and Interest therein respectively, unto the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, to hold the same respectively in Trust for the aaid Commissioners and their Successors until the said Sum of and all Interest to become due thereon, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and until [here insert such other Conditions as the Commissioners shall prescribe], in pursuance of the Terms of the said Agreement Given under our Hands this Day

of in the Year of our Lord

No. 2.

Form of Security by way of Bond or Obligation in Writing.

Wherbas by virtue of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland," and of an Act passed in the Year of His present Majesty, intituled [here

insert the Title of this Act], the Commissioners for the Execution of the said Acts have agreed to lend and advance to us, ALB.

[here insert the Names of the Parties receiving the Loan or Advance, and the Sum, and the Terms on which it is made]; it is therefore witnessed, that in pursuance of the said Agreement, and in consideration of the said Sum of Pounds so agreed to be

advanced as aforesaid, we the said A.B.

[here insert the Names of the Parties to the Agreement interested in the Work] do assign the said [here insert the short Description of the Work], together with all our Estate, Right, Title, and Interest therein, unto the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, to hold in Trust for the said Commissioners and their Successors until the said Sum of Pounds, and all

Interest to become due thereon, shall be fully paid and satisfied, in pursuance of the Terms of the said Agreement; and for the like Consideration we A.B. of and CD. of

[here insert the Names of all the Obligors] are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to the said Secretary of the said Commissioners in Pounds, to be paid to him in Trust for the said Commissioners and their Successors, for which Payment we bind ourselves and each of us, and our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our respective Seals, dated this Day of:

Provided always, and the Condition of these Presents is, that if the said Sum of Pounds mentioned in the said Agreement

of the Day of and all Interest to become

due thereon, shall be fully paid and satisfied in pursuance of the

T t 4 Terms

648

C. 108$ 109. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Terms of the said Agreement, and if [here insert suck other Conditions as the Commissioners shall prescribe], then these Presents shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to repeal certain Provisions respecting the Coal Trade.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the 9 Ann. c. 98. Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Skips, and others to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, 4 Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Cool Trade, and made perpetual by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, it was amongst other things enacted, 4 that all and every Contract or Contracts, Covenants, or Agreements, whether the same were in Writing or not in Writing, and whether theretofore made or entered into, or thereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Coal Owners, Lightermen, Fitters, Masters or Owners of Ships or Vessels, Crimps, 4 Coal Factors, or other Person or Persons whatsoever concerned in the said Coal Trade, for engrossing Coals, or for restraining or hindering any Person or Persons whomsoever from freely selling, buying, loading, or unloading, navigating, or disposing of Coals in such Manner as they lawfully might, should be. and were thereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and further, that if any Coal Owners, Lightermen, Fitters, Masters or Owners of Ships or Vessels, Crimps, 4 Coal Factors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, should, 4 at any Time or Times from and after the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eleven, keep up, continue, act 4 in, make, enter into, sign, seal, or be knowingly interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, before by that Act declared to be illegal, null, and void, 4 or should erect or keep up any Office or Offices, Chamber or Chambers, or other Place or Places for the Management of such Contract or Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, as Party or Parties to or knowingly interested in the same, or should anyways act or officiate therein as Officer, Clerk, Agent, or Servant to or for the Persons so contracting, agreeing, or acting contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending should for every such Offence forfeit and pay as follows; (that is to say,) every Coal Owner or Owners, or Proprietor of or in any Pit or Mine, Pits or Mines of Coal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Fitter, whether acting by himself, his Agent or Servant, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every Officer, Clerk, Agent, or Servant as aforesaid the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 4 G. 2. c. 30. King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering more

effectual an Act made in the Third Year of His Majestu s Reign,

intituled

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 109.

649

intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade

so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River of Thames by the beeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there, it was amongst other things enacted,

that from and afyer the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one it should not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship [or Vessel employed in the Coal 4" Trade, or any Person authorized by them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, directly or indirectly, by Writing or otherwise, to give any Orders or Directions to any Master or Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Vessel employed in the Coal Trade, or to any Agent or Servant employed in the selling of Coals, which should anyways relate to the keeping of Turn in selling or delivering of Coals in the River of Thames, and that no Master or Masters or other Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid should obey any such Orders or keep Turn as aforesaid, upon pain that every Person giving such Directions, and the Person or Persons observing and following the same, or any otherwise, directly or indirectly, acting contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of that Act, 'should respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence, one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who should sue for the same within the Space of Six Months next after such Offence or Offences should be committed, to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance should be allowed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have 28 6.3. c. 53. 4 incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to 4 4 dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal 4 4 Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others to advance 4 4 die Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and 4 4 Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encourage4 ment of the Coal Trade, ' and also an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, '

and for the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of Coals, it was amongst other things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eightyeight any Number of Persons united in Covenants or Partnerships, or in any Way whatsoever, consisting of more than Five Persons, for the purchasing of Coals for Sale, or for making Regulations with respect to the Manner of carrying on the said Trade in Coals, shall be deemed and adjudged to be an unlawful Combination to advance the Price of Coals, and every Person concerned therein shall be liable to be punished by Indictment or Information for the same in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster: And whereas the herein-before recited Provisions are injurious to the Public, by obstructing the free and

open

Q. 109, 110. 6# & 7° GULIELMI IV;

A.D. 1836.

Repeal of certain Provisions in recited Acts.

[Public Act.]

open Trade in Coal *, and preventing the Employment of luge joint Capital in the said Trade s' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, so far as the same are herein-before recited and set forth, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

CAP. CX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, respecting Copyrights, as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of

" the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 54 G. s. c.l 56. ' intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement

1 of Learning by securing the Copies and Copyright of printed ' Books to the Authors of such Books or their Assigns, it is among ' other Things enacted, that Eleven Copies of every published

Book shall be gratuitously delivered to Eleven Public Libraries ' named in the said Act: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act have in certain respects operated to the Injury of Authors ' and Publishers, and have in some Cases checked or prevented ' the Publication of Works of great Utility and Importance, and ' it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be amended:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

So much of the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act

recited Act as as requires that a Copy of every Book which shall be printed and requires the De- polished shall be delivered in manner therein mentioned to the of Books foMhe Warehouse Keeper of the Company of Stationers for the Use of Libraries herein the Library of Sion College, the Libraries of the Four Universities mentioned re- of Scotland, and the King s Inns Library at Dublin, shall be and vealed. the same is hereby repealed.

Compensation

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall bel lawful for the to be made to Lord High Treasurer or for the Commissioners df His Majesty's the said Libra- Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to ri?d°tod>F d- kue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom so i a of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Person or Persons or Body

Politic or Corporate, Proprietors or Managers of each of the aforesaid Libraries, such an annual -Sum as may be equal in Value to and a Compensation for the Loss which any such Library may sustain by reason of the said Act being repealed, so far as relates to such Library; such annual Compensation to be ascertained and determined according to the Value of the Books which may have 5 been

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 110, 1I1

651

been actually received by each such Library, in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them shall direct, upon an Average of the Three Yean ending the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons or Body Politic or Corporate, Proprieton or Managen of the Library for the Use whereof any such Book would have been delivered, shall and they are hereby required to apply the annual Compensation hereby authorized to be made in the Purchase of Books of Literature, Science, and the Arts, for the Use of and to be kept and preserved in such Library: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to direct the Issue of any Sum of Money for such annual Compensation until sufficient Proof shall have been adduced before him or them of the Application of the Money last issued to the Purpose aforesaid.

CAP. CXL

An Act to prevent the Fact of a previous Conviction being given in Evidence to the Jury on the Case before them, except when Evidence to Character is given.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act for further improving the Administration of Justice in 1 Criminal Cases, Provision is made for the more exemplary c Punishment of Offenders who shall commit any Felony not

punishable with Death after a previous Conviction for Felony a ' And whereas since the passing of the said Act the Practice has ' been on the Trial of any Person for any such subsequent Felony (to charge the Jury to inquire at the same Time concerning such previous Conviction: And whereas Doubts may be reasonably ' entertained whether such Practice is consistent with a fair and ' impartial Inquiry as regards the Matter of such subsequent 1 Felony, and it is expedient that such Practice should from ' henceforth be discontinued:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful on the Trial of any Person for any such subsequent Felony to charge the Jury to inquire concerning such previous Conviction until after they shall have inquired concerning such subsequent Felony, and shall have found such Person guilty of the same; and whenever in any Indictment such previous Conviction shall be stated, the reading of such Statement to the Jury as Part of the Indictment shall be deferred until after such Finding as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that if upon the Trial of any Person for any such subsequent Felony as aforesaid such Person shall give Evidence of his or her good Character, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor, in answer thereto, to give Evidence of the Indictment

and

Application of the Compensation.

7 & 8 G. 4. C. 28.

A previous Conviction not to be given in charge or read to the Jury until after the Finding for a subsequent Felony, except When Evidence as to good Character is given.

C.Ill, 112. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A. IX 1836.

57 6. 3. c. 18.

S&4W. 4. C. 41.

His Majesty may empower One of the Barons to hear and determine Causes, Acc.upon the Occasions mentioned in

and Conviction of such Person for the previous Felony before such Verdict of Guilty shall have been returned, and the Jury shall inquire concerning such previous Conviction for Felony at the same Time that they inquire concerning the subsequent Felony.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for further facilitating the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

[20 th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty-

vv seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George + the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the hearing and deter-< mining of Suits in Equity in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, it was enacted, that the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the Time being should have Power to hear and determine all Causes, Matters, and Things which should be at any Time depending in the said Court as a Court of Equity, and that if the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer should by Sickness or any other unavoidable Cause be prevented from sitting on the Equity Side of the said Court for the

Purposes in the said Act mentioned, then it should and might be ' lawful for His Majesty and His Successors to nominate and appoint from Time to Time, under the Royal Sign Manual, 4 revocable at Pleasure, any other of the Barons of the Degree of the Coif of the said Court for the Time being to hear and determine such Causes, Matters, and Things: And whereas by

an Act of Parliament passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council, it was declared and enacted, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty and His Successors to nominate and appoint from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual,

revocable at Pleasure, any One of the Barons of the Coif of the said Court for the Time being to hear and determine on such Days as the Lord Chief Baron should sit on the Common Law 4 Side of the said Court during Term, or should preside at the Sittings at Nisi Priiis in London or Middlesex after the Term, ' or should attend at the Judicial Committee of His Majesty's Privy Council, all Causes, Matters, and Things which should at any Time be depending in the Court of Equity: And whereas great Inconvenience has been sustained by the Suitors and Practitioners on the Equity Side of the said Court by reason of the last-recited Act not having provided for the Case of the Lord Chief Baron being prevented from sitting by his Absence on the Circuit, or for the Case of a Cause not being fully heard and decided by the Baron sitting in the Absence of the Chief

Baron Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty and His Successors to empower the Baron so appointed or to be appointed under the said recited Acts as well to hear and determine all Causes, Matters, and Things

upon

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 112-114.

653

upon the Occasions in the said Acts mentioned, as also during the recited Acts as Absence of the Lord Chief Baron upon the Circuit, and to con- during the tinue the Sittings of such Baron upon One or more successive P^, the

Days until he shall have fully heani and determined any Cause hlef

which shall have been but partly heard before him on any Day when he shall be sitting by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Autho- Powers of the rities given to the Baron appointed or to be appointed under the Baron* first-recited Act shall apply and be extended to the Baron to be nominated and appointed under the Authority of this Act.

An Act for enabling Persons indicted of Felony to make

their Defence by Counsel or Attorney.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS it is just and reasonable that Persons accused of Offences against the Law should be enabled to make

their full Answer and Defence to all that is alleged against them Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and All Persons by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day for Felony of October next all Persons tried for Felonies shall be admitted, *fterl8t October after the Close of the Case for the Prosecution, to make full thdr Defence* Answer and Defence thereto by Counsel learned in the Law, or by by Counsel or Attorney in Courts where Attornies practise as Counsel. Attorney.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That in all Cases of In Cases of summary Conviction Persons accused shall be admitted to make summary Con-their full Answer and Defence, and to have all Witnesses examined Tlction-

and cross-examined by Counsel or Attorney.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who after the Copies of De-

passing of this Act shall be held to bail or committed to Prison positions to be for any Offence against the Law shall be entitled to require and to

have, on Demand, (from the Person who shall have the lawful Fnaoner#* Custody thereof, and who is hereby required to deliver the same,)

Copies of the Examinations of the Witnesses respectively upon whose Depositions they have been so held to bail or committed to Prison, on Payment of a reasonable Sum for the same, not exceeding Three Halfpence for each Folio of Ninety Words: Provided Proviso, always, that if such Demand shall not be made before the Day appointed for the Commencement of the Assize or Sessions at which the Trial of the Person on whose Behalf such Demand shall be made is to take place, such Person shall not be entitled to have any Copy of such Examination of Witnesses, unless the Judge or other Person to preside at such Trial shall be of opinion that such Copy may be made and delivered without Delay or Inconvenience to such Trial; but it shall nevertheless be competent for such Judge

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou 1 1 ' 1 1 1

and thirty-six.

CAP. CXIV.

C. 114, 115. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Prisoners entitled to inspect Depositions on Trial

Act may be altered this Session.

* 1 G. 3. c. 109.

iGAc, 23.

Open and Common Lands may be inclosed with the Consent of TwoThird Parts In Number and Value of the Parties interested therein.

or other Person so to preside at such Trial, if he shall think fit, to postpone such Trial on account of such Copy of the Examination of Witnesses not having been previously had by the Party charged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons under Trial shall be entitled, at the Time of their Trial, to inspect, without Fee or Reward, all Depositions (or Copies thereof) which have been taken against them, and returned into the Court before which such Trial shall be had.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament; and that nothing herein contained shall extend to Scotland.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS there are in many Parishes, Townships, and T Places in England and Wales divers Open and Common

Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands and Fields, and the Lands of the several Proprietors of the same are frequently very much intermixed and dispersed, and it would tend to the improved Cultivation and Occupation of all the aforesaid Lands within such Parishes, Townships, and Places, and be otherwise ad vantageous to the Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, 4 if they were enabled by a General Law to divide and inclose the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of suck Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in the First Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, 4 Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands in England Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for Two Third Parts in Number and Value (such Value to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned) of the several Persons who shall be seized or possessed of or entitled in possession to or interested in possession in any Rights of Common or other Rights in any Open and Common Arable Fields (including any untilled Slips or Balks therein) , or any Open and Common Meadow or Pasture Lands or Fields, in any Parish, Township, or Place in England or Wales, known by Metes and Bounds, or occupied according to known and legal Rights (except as herein-after provided) , as Tenant in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or by the Courtesy of England, or for any other Estate of or as of Freehold, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years whereof One hundred Years shall be unexpired, or as a Holder of Land* or Rights of Copyhold, Customary, Tenant Right, or other Tenure *

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.:

C. 118.

658

of an Estate or Interest equal in Quantity to the Estates herein* before mentioned or any of them, and for the Guardian, Trustee, Feoffee for charitable or other Uses, Husband or Committee of such Person who at the Time of any Agreement for or on the making of any Inclosure authorized by this Act shall be an Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, or under any other Disability, in such Manner and with such Consent as is herein-after mentioned, to inclose such Open and Common Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands and Fields, or any of them, and to extinguish the Right of Inter-commonage which shall exist as well over as in respect of such Land; provided that no such Inclosure shall take place without the Consent in Writing under the Hands of Two Third Parts in Number and Value of the Persons so seised, possessed, entitled, or interested as aforesaid, or of the Guardian ^, Trustees, Feoffees, Husbands, or Committees aforesaid of such of the said Persons who may be under Disability as aforesaid, such Value to be ascertained by the Assessments of the Poor Rates of the respective Parishes or Townships for the then current Year, which Assessments of the Poor Rates, in case they shall not be made according to the full annual Amount or Value of the Tenements and Property thereby assessed, shall be increased or diminished so as to represent the full or true annual Value of the several Lands, Fields, and Rights liable to be affected by the intended Inclosure, and where the Lands are extra-parochial, or no Poor Rates shall exist in respect of any such Lands, then by the full or true annual Value thereof: Provided also, that no such Inclosure shall take place, nor shall any Agreement for that Purpose be binding, until a public Meeting of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed shall have been previously called for the Purpose of taking the Expediency of such Inclosure [into consideration by Notice under the Hands of Three or more of such Proprietors or Persons interested, such Notice to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Church or Chapel of the Parishes, Townships, or Places wherein the Lands intended to be inclosed shall lie, or in case there be no auch Church or Chapel, then on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, and also advertised in some Newspaper circulating in the County wherein such Lands lie, at least Fourteen Days before the said intended Meeting; provided that such Inclosure may after such Meeting be proceeded with by and with the Consent in Writing of Two Third Parts in Number and Value of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed, notwithstanding some of the Parties who may approve of and consent to such Inclosure may not be present at such Meeting, and may signify their Consent thereto after the same shall have been holden.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Inclosure shall be proposed to be made or consented to under the Authority of this Act, or any Agreement for Compensation in pursuance of the Provisions in that respect herein-after contained shall be entered into, by any Person or Persons who being necessary to make up, and without whom there shall* not be consenting Parties sufficient to make up, the Proportion of Two Third Parts in Number and Value herein-before required, or other the Proportion herein-after

required

The Consent of the Tenant in Remainder necessary in certain Cases.

656

a 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners to be nominated by the Parties

required in the Case of an Inclosure without the Assistance of Commissioners, and who shall have a less Estate or Interest in the Land to .be inclosed, or the said Rights therein, than a Fee Simple or an Estate in Tail, sor be an Holder of a Copyhold or Customary hold Tenant Right or other Tenure in such Lands or Rights for any less Estate than an Estate or Interest in Fee or in Tail, or shall be under any Disability, such Consent shall not be available for the Purposes of this Act unless the Person to whom the next immediate vested Estate of Freehold or of Copyhold or Customaryhold Tenant Right or other Tenure of Inheritance, in Remainder or Reversion, shall have been limited, (provided such Person shall be of the full Age of Twenty-one Years, and being a Female shall be unmarried,) shall consent thereto in Writing; and such Consent shall be sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding the Person giving the same may have an equitable Estate only in the Land intended to be inclosed, or may have previously charged or incumbered his Reversionary Estate therein: Provided always, that if the Person to whom such next immediate vested Estate in Remainder or Reversion may have been limited shall at the Time such Inclosure is proposed to be made happen to be an Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, or Lunatic, it shall be lawful for the Guardian or Husband or Committee of such Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, or Lunatic to consent to such Inclosure in his or her Stead: Provided always, that in respect to any Land held in right of any Benefice no Consent of the Incumbent thereof shall alone be available for the Purposes of this Act, where such Consent shall be necessary to make up the Proportion of Two Third Parts in Number and Value herein-before required, or other the Proportion herein-after required in the Case of an Inclosure without the Assistance of Commissioners, without the Concurrence of the Patron of such Benefice, and of the Archbishop or Bishop to whose Ordinary or Peculiar Jurisdiction the said Benefice shall be subject; and if the Patron of such Benefice shall happen to be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, it shall be lawful for the Guardian, Committee, or Husband of such Patron to consent to such Inclo6ure in the Stead of such Patron, and on his or her Behalf; Provided always, that if the Patronage of such Benefice shall happen to be in the Crown, and the Benefice shall exceed the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the King's Books, no Consent of the Incumbent thereof shall be available for the Purposes of this Act, where such Consent shall be necessary to make up either of the Proportions aforesaid, without the Concurrence of the Lord High Treasurer, or the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, who are respectively hereby authorized so to concur; but if such Benefice shall not exceed the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the King's Books, then no Consent of the Incumbent thereof shall be available for the Purposes of this Act, where such Consent shall be necessary to make up either of the Proportions aforesaid, without the Concurrence of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorized to give such Consent on behalf of the Crown.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Persons whose Consents are hereby rendered necessary to any such Inclosure

shall

A.D. 1836.

6? & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

657

shall have consented thereto in manner in that Behalf herein authorized and required, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Number and Value of the Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, or their known Agents, who may be present at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, to nominate and appoint in Writing under their Hands One or more Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and he or they is and are hereby empowered to divide, allot, and inclose, all or any of the Open and Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields in any such Parish, Township, or Place, or in any Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining or lying within Two Miles of the aforesaid Parish, Township, or Place which may have been agreed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid; and when and as often as any such Commissioner, or any Commissioner to be from Time to Time appointed in his Place, shall die, neglect or refuse or become incapable to act, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Number and Value of the Proprietors of such Open Common Arable Fields or other Lands or Fields as aforesaid so agreed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of their Agents, assembled at a public Meeting to be held in manner herein-before mentioned in respect to the Meeting for taking such Inclosure into consideration, to nominate and appoint any other Person not interested in the Premises to be a Commissioner in the Stead or Place of the Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the said Proprietors or Persons interested as aforesaid shall make default in appointing any new Commissioner within Two Calendar Months after any such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Disability shall happen, and shall be known and signified to them or any Two of them respectively as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner (if any) shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said Period allowed to the Proprietors or Persons interested for naming such new Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the Place of such Commissioners so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming disabled to act as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into execution in all respects whatsoever as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall have been so appointed and chosen as aforesaid was invested with under and by virtue of this and the said herein-before recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk to assist him or them in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may remove such Clerk and appoint another in his Room as to him or them shall seem meet; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, Neglect, or declining to act of any such Clerk, then and in any such Case the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person to be Clerk.

6 & 7 Gul. IV. U u V. And

consenting to the Inclosure.

Commissioners to appoint a Clerk.

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Umpire to be appointed.

In case of Difference of Opinion between the Commissioners, the Matter to be determined by the Umpire.

Commissioners and Umpire to take an Oath.

Form of Oath.

Commissioners to give Notice of Meetings, &c.

V. And be it farther enacted, That in all Cases where Two Commissioners shall have been appointed for any such Inclosure they shall, before they proceed upon the Business of such Inclosure, by Writing under their Hands appoint a fit and .proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to act as Umpire between them, and from Time to Time afterwards renew such Appointment in the event of the Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity to act of the Person so appointed; and if any Difference of Opinion shall arise between them touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done by them by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Matter upon which such Difference shall arise shall be settled and determined by such Person so to be appointed Umpire, whose Determination therein shall be deemed and taken to be the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be reduced into Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (so far as the Acts and Determinations of the Commissioners are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final and conclusive); and for the Purposes aforesaid such Umpire shall have and he is hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities as by the said recited Act and this Act are given or vested in the said Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or an Umpire or a Surveyor in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or made an Affirmation in the Form or to the Effect following before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place in which the Lands intended to be inclosed, or some Part thereof, are situate; which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, [or being one of the People called Quakerg, do ' X solemnly affirm,] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, 4 according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and

perform the several Powers and Authorities vested and reposed ' in me as a Commissioner [or an Umpire] or Surveyor [as ike Case may be] by virtue of an Act passed in the

Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act, , fyc. c.

[here set forth the Title of this Act], according to

Equity and good Conscience, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.

[Or, being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me God.']

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire shall and he or they is or are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed to the respective Church or Chapel Doors of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein the Lands intended to be inclosed are situate, or if there be no Church or Chapel, then in some conspicuous public Place there, and also a like Notice to be published in some Newspaper circulating in the County wherein such Lands lie, of the Time and Place of his or their Attendance or Meeting, and of all other subsequent Attendances or Meetings for executing the Powers hereby

or

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

659

or in and by the said recited Act vested in him or them, Ten Days before any such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if there be Two Commissioners, and not more than One of them shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner who shall attend such Meeting, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or if Notice shall have been given of such Meeting by any Umpire, and both the Commissioners shall not attend the same, it shall be lawful for such Umpire, to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment; and such Clerk shall cause Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that all the Meetings of the said Commissioners, or Umpire and Commissioners, shall be holden in one of the Parishes or Townships wherein the Lands to be inclosed are situate, or within Seven Miles of the Boundaries of One of them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire shall be so given by affixing the same on the respective Church or Chapel Doors of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places wherein the Lands to be inclosed are situate, or if there be no Church or Chapel, in some conspicuous public Place in such Parishes, Townships, or'Places, and by Advertisement in a Newspaper circulating in the County wherein such Lands are situate.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall arise for defraying the Expences of executing this Act there shall be paid to each of the Commissioners (if more than One) and to the Umpire who shall act in the Execution thereof, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Three Guineas for each and every Day they shall respectively be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the Execution of this Act, and no more; and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners and Umpire shall, out of such Allowance, defray their own Expences; and there shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act such Allowances in respect of his or their Services as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all his or their Expences and Charges whatsoever in attending the said Commissioners, and in surveying and admeasuring the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed, and in planning and staking out the several Allotments intended to be made, and in making such Maps and Plans as may be required respectively by virtue of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the major Part in Number and Value of the Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid to make any Agreement with any Commissioner or Commissioners or Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed under this Act for the Payment to them respectively of One Sum for the whole Duty or any Part thereof to be performed by them or either of them.

XI. Provided further, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Four Fifths in Number and Value of such Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid to agree upon the Adoption for

Adjournment of Meeting in case of Failure of Attendance of Commissioners.

Place of Meeting.

Mode in which other Notices are to be given.

Allowance to Commissioners, Umpire, and Surveyors.

Major Part of Proprietors may agree for Payment of a gross Sum to Commissioners, &c.

Four Fifths of Proprietors, &c. may agree to adopt any previous Plan, &c.

660

a 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Four Fifths in Number may agree upon Rules for Guidance of Commissioners or Umpire.

Such several Agreements may be appealed against to the Quarter Sessions.

Notice of Appeal.

[Proviso.]

the Purposes of this Act of any Plan, Map, Admeasurement, or Valuation previously made, and such Agreement shall be binding upon any Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire who may be appointed in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Four Fifths in Number and Value of such Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid to agree upon the Rules, Conditions, and Principles according to which any such Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire shall act in allotting the Lands to be inclosed to the several Persons interested therein, and such Agreement shall be binding upon such Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Proprietor or Person interested as aforesaid, who may deem himself aggrieved by any such Agreement as herein-before mentioned for the Payment of a Commissioner or Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, or for the Adoption of any Plan, Map, Admeasurement, or Valuation, or for establishing any Rules, Conditions, and Principles for the Guidance of the Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire in making Allotments, to appeal against the same to the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, Riding, or Division wherein the Lands, or the greater Part thereof, in respect of which the Matter of Complaint may arise, shall be situate, or some; Adjournment thereof, or if such General Quarter Sessions shall be holden within One Month from the making of such Agreement, then to the General Quarter Sessions next following such first General Quarter Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof; and Notice of such Appeal shall in each Cose be given in Writing to the Commissioner or Commissioners Seven Days at the least before the Day on which such Sessions respectively shall be holden: Provided always, that in the event of the Decision upon any such Appeal being in favour of the Appellant it shall be lawful for any Party who shall have consented to such Agreement for Inclosure as aforesaid to withdraw his Consent from such Agreement, by giving Notice in Writing to that Effect to the Commissioner or Commissioners at any Time within Twenty-one Days after the Day on which the Decision upon such Appeal as aforesaid shall have been given; and if by reason of such Withdrawal of Consent the Proportion of Two Thirds in Number and Value of consenting Parties shall not remain, the said Agreement for Inclosure shall thenceforth cease and determine.

A Copy of the Objections to be left with the Party objected to, or given to his Agent.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties interested in the Premises shall have any Objection or Objections to any of the Accounts or Claims which shall be delivered to the said Commissioner or Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and Two Parts thereof shall be signed by the Party or Parties making the same, or by some Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, and One Part thereof shall be delivered to the Party or Parties whose Claim or Account shall be objected to, or to his, her, or their Agent, or left at his, her, or their last and most usual Place or Places of Abode, at such Time or Times

as

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

661

as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights or Interests which they or any of them shall claim to have in, to, or out . of the Lands and Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the same respectively; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner or Commissioners to determine the Title to any Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, see Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are respectively hereby empowered, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid, either for the public Account for or towards the Expences occasioned in or relating to the Investigation, settling, and determining of such Claim or Claims, if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Objection shall be thereby disallowed or overruled, or against whom the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, upon Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) , upon Demand, to such Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure shall be dis-satisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire touching or concerning any Claim or Objection which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or touching or concerning any Property, Right, or Interest intended to be affected by such Determination, and shall cause Notice in Writing of such Dissatisfaction 'to be delivered to or left at the usual Places of Abode of the Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire making such Determi-

U u 3 nation,

For settling Disputes between Parties interested.

Commissioners may award Costs.

Appeal allowed when Parties are dis-satisfied with Decision of the Commissioners.

06a

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

Death of Parties not to abate Actions.

nation, and of the Party or Parties in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, if there be any Party or Parties specially interested in the same, or his, her, or their Agent, within Thirty Days next after such Determination shall have been notified in Writing to the several Parties or Persons specially interested, if any such there be, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so dis-satisfied, and giving such Notice as aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought an Action or Actions upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, and to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire at the then First or Second Assizes to be holden for the County wherein the Lands relating to which such Dispute shall arise are situate; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, and file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, Rights in question, and the Property, Right, and Interest thereby insisted upon, may be tried and determined; such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the said Parties shall differ about the same; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action shall be binding, final, and conclusive, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim, Property, Right, or Interest thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and the Costs and Chaises payable by the said Commissioner or Commissioners in or relating to such Action or Actions shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by him or them for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that if no such Notice shall be given, and such Action or Actions at Law shall not be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that if any of the Parties in any such Action to be commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Determination thereof, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference or Dispute touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, but the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference or Proceeding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination as

6 aforesaid

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

663

aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying to bring the same within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as aforesaid as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner or Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent upon the Heir or Heirs or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead; and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner or Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, except in Cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years next preceding the passing of this Act; but in case the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall be of opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or taken from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments or Intakes which at any Time within Twenty Years next preceding the Date of the Agreement for any such Inclosure have been made upon the said Lands and Fields hereby authorized to be divided and inclosed shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Fields to be allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act as if the same were actually lying open and uninclosed, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments or Intakes, or as to the Extent thereof, such Dispute or Difference shall be determined by the said Commissioner or Commissioners.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Lands shall have been taken or used at any Time before the passing of this Act for the Erection of a School-house or Schoolhouses, or the Appurtenances thereto, or for other charitable Purposes, such Lands so taken, or the Erections made thereon, shall not be taken or deemed to be of the Nature of an Encroachment within the Meaning of this Act.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all Lands which shall have been inclosed from the Open Fields, or any of them, for more than Twenty Years next preceding the Date of the Agreement for such Inclosure, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be ancient Inclosures.

Commissioners not to determine Rights between Parties except in Cases of Encroachments within 20 Years.

Encroachments made within 20 Years to be deemed Part of the Land to be allotted.

Lands used for charitable Purposes not to be deemed an Encroachment

Lands inclosed more than 20 Years deemed to be Ancient Inclosures.

664

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cultivated Ground to be allotted to Proprietors only.

Compensation to be made for Standing Crops.

Commissioners to direct the Course of Husbandry to be followed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire to allot to any other Person than the Proprietor thereof any Land which may be cultivated as Orchard or Garden, or on which any Building may have been erected, or which may have been inclosed by virtue of any voluntary Agreement between the Proprietor thereof and the Persons having Right of Common over the same, without the Consent in Writing of such actual Proprietor.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing at the Time of the said intended Division and Allotment, for the said Crops, by the Person or Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted, and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Lands to be inclosed as aforesaid, as well for the ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any Lands or Fields which shall be allotted to some other Person or Persons, and for the Profit or Advantage which any such Person or Persons to whom the said Lands and Fields shall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Loss or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may sustain by the Loss of any following or way-going Crop in any of the Open and Common Lands or Fields by this Act authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or by means of the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure; and if in any or either of the said Cases last mentioned such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, then the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may, by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, (which Warrant or Warrants he or they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant accordingly,) cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall, as soon after his or their Appointment as conveniently may be, by some Writing or Writings under his or their Hands to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the several and respective Churches or Chapels of the Parishes or Townships in which the Lands to be inclosed are situate, or if there be no Church or Chapel, then in some conspicuous Place in the Parish, Township, or Place where such Lands shall be, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Open Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when he or they shall have made and completed the intended Division and Allotment thereof, as well with respect to

breaking

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

665

breaking up and laying down, as the ploughing, sowing, fallowing, and tilling the same Lands and Fields; and by the same or any other Writing or Writings under his or their Hands, to be affixed as aforesaid, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Owners and Occupiers of the same Lands and Fields, for the preventing the committing of Waste or Destruction by any Person or Persons whomsoever upon any of the Lands and Fields to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, in the meantime and until the Allotments and Divisions thereof shall be effected, as to the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall seem expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested therein, their Farmers and Tenants; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures upon every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they shall think necessary, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons and for such Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall by any such Writing or Writings as aforesaid, or any other Writing or Writings, direct or appoint; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use of the Person or Persons he or they may consider entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third into execution may be raised and levied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall apportion, divide, set out, and allot the said Open or Common Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands or Fields authorized by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, in proportion to their respective Shares, Rights of Common, and all other Rights, Property, and Interest, and in proportion to the true and real Value of their several Shares, Rights of Common, and all other Rights, Property, and Interests, and the same, when so apportioned, divided, set out, and allotted, shall be taken to be in lieu and full Satisfaction of and for such their said several Shares, Rights of Common, and all other Rights, Property, and Interests, to be ascertained and adjusted by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and expedient, but subject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations herein contained or referred to and authorized to be established concerning the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Number of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Fields agreed to be inclosed under the Authority of this Act shall deem it expedient and desire to have their Allotments thrown together and distinguished by Metes and Bounds, but not fenced from each other, and of such their Desire shall give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall and he and they is and are hereby required to set out the several Allotments of the said Persons so giving Notice as aforesaid in One Plot or Parcel of Land, distinguishing the

Portion

Commissioners to allot the Lands to be inclosed.

At the Desire of the Parties several Allotments may be aet out together, distinguished by Metes and Bounds, but not fenced from each other.

G66

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

For ascertaining Boundaries.

Right of Herbage in private Roads to be set out.

Empowering Rectors to erect Buildings on Lands allotted in right of Glebe, and charge Expences thereon.

Portion of such Plot or Parcel of Land allotted to each of such Proprietors by Metes and Bounds, but not requiring them to make any Subdivision Fences or other Fences, save such Ring or outer Fences as may be necessary and may be ordered by the said Commissioner or Commissioners to be made for dividing the said Plot or Parcel of Land from the Residue of the Lands so to be inclosed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of shortening or rendering straight or otherwise improving any Boundary Fence or Fences between the Lands and Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the old or other Lands thereunto adjoining, or between such Allotments and inclosed or other Lands, or any of them, and any adjoining Lands and Grounds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners (with the Consent of the Lord of any Manor in which the Lands are respectively situate, and of the Owners of any such adjoining Lands, testified by Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Common Seal of any of them being a Corporation Aggregate,) to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundaries between the Lands hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and any adjoining Lands or Grounds lying in the mm<> or in any adjoining Manor, Parish, or Place, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be bo set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be made, fenced, ditched, or mounded by such Person, in such Manner, and at such Times as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed the Boundaries between the said allotted and inclosed Lands respectively, or (as the Case may be) between the said Allotments or inclosed or other Lands and such adjoining Manor, Parish, or Place; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall in and by his or their Award order and appoint the Grass and Herbage growing and renewing upon all and every the private Roads to be set out by him or them within the said Lands and Fields hereby authorized* to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to be and for ever hereafter remain to and for the Use and Benefit of such Persons as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall in his or their Judgment think best entitled to the same.

XXX. And whereas the Allotments made to any Rector or Vicar who may be entitled to any Glebe Lands in such Open and Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields, or some of such Allotments, may probably require some additional Buildings, by reason whereof, and in order to render the same of greater Value to the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, it may be necessary that some Buildings should be erected thereon, and some necessary division as well as interior or subdivision Fences may be necessary to be made, planted, and raised in and upon the said Allotments or some of them: And whereas the erecting of such further Buildings, and the making, planting, and raising such Fences, will be attended with considerable Expence, and as the same will pro-

bably

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

667

bably be more beneficial to the Successors of such Rectors and

Vicars respectively than to the Rector and Vicar in whose Incumbency such Allotment and Inclosure may take place be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, by and with the Consent in Writing of the respective Patrons of the said Rectories and Vicarages, and of the Ordinary of the Diocese for the Time being, to erect or cause to be erected for Agricultural Purposes such further Buildings upon the Allotment or Allotments (which Buildings the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, are hereby required to cause to be insured equal to the Value thereof annually in some of the Offices in London established for Insurance against Fire,) so as aforesaid to be set out unto the said Rectors and Vicars and their respective Successors as aforesaid, and also to make, plant, and raise such outer division as well as interior or subdivision Fences in and upon the said Allotment or Allotments as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall judge necessary and proper for the Occupation of the Lands so to be allotted to the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, and by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under the respective Hand and Seal of such Rectors or Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, by and with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, to charge such Allotment or Allotments so as aforesaid to be set out for the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors as aforesaid, and the Buildings so to be erected thereon, with such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Two Years annual Value of the respective Allotments so to be set out to the 9aid Rectors and Vicars respectively, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of and in order to be applied to paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of erecting the said further Buildings, and of making, planting, or raising such division or subdivision Fences, or for either of the said Purposes, and in applying for and obtaining the Consent of the said Bishop, and in exercise of the Powers given to and vested in the said Rectors and Vicars respectively by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act; which Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, in order to be applied or disposed of accordingly; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise the Allotments so as aforesaid to be set out unto and for the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors, as aforesaid, and the Buildings so to be erected thereon, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise be made with a Proviso to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be respectively fully paid and satisfied; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees advancing and lending the

Money

668

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Rectors, with Consent of Bishop, may demise the Allotments.

Money so to be borrowed shall not be obliged to see to the Application or be in anywise answerable for the Misapplication of such Monies or any Part thereof; and the said Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their respective Successors for the Time being, shall be and are hereby required and made liable, at the End of every Year after the Date of such Mortgage, to pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, One Thirtieth Part of the respective Principal Monies so to be borrowed, until the whole thereof shall by such annual Payments be paid off and discharged, and also to pay and keep down the Interest of the said respective Monies so to be borrowed, so that the future Rectors and Vicars of the said respective Parishes or Townships becoming possessed of such respective Lands and Fields shall not be subject or liable (and they are hereby respectively discharged from being subject or liable) to pay any further or larger Share of such Monies than his or their Proportion thereof according to such last-mentioned Condition, or any Interest for the same save only from the Day of the Death, Resignation, or Cession of the preceding Incumbent of the said Rectories or Vicarages respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Monies, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the more easily recovering the said One Thirtieth Part of the said Principal and the whole of the Interest which is enacted annually to be paid, to have, use, exercise* and take such and the same Powers and Remedies, by Entry and Distress upon the Premises so to be charged, mortgaged, and demised, and Sale of such Distress, as by the Laws now in force are provided for and given to Landlords or as they can use and take for the Recovery of Rack Rents in arrear.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Rectors of the said Rectories and the Vicars of the said Vicarages respectively for the Time being, by Indentures under their respective Hands and Seals, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, and of the Patron of the said Rectories and Vicarages, from Time to Time to lease and demise all or any Part of the Allotments to be set out and allotted to them respectively by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Perons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to such Rectors and Vicars for the Time being by Four equal quarterly Payments in every Year, and so that there be thereby reserved to such Rectors and Vicars the best and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium, Sum of Money, or other Consideration for granting any such Lease, and so that no such Lessee by any such Lease or Demise be made dispunishable for Waste by any express Words to be therein contained, and so that there be inserted in every such Lease Power of Re-entry on Nonpayment of Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved within a reasonable Time, to be therein limited, after the same shall become due, and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be made

as

L

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

669

as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case through the Necessity of Situation or any other Accident or Circumstance, it shall happen that One or more of the said Proprietors shall not have an equal or proportionable Quantity of Boundary Mounds or Fences allotted to him, her, or them on the said intended Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, when he or they shall judge it necessary and reasonable, to award, order, ascertain, and appoint what Sum or Sums of Money such Proprietor or Proprietors shall respectively pay and contribute towards making the Mounds and Fences of the Allotments of such other Proprietor or Proprietors who shall or may have too great a Proportion of Mounding or Fencing allotted to him, her, or them by virtue of this Act, the same to be settled by the said Commissioner or Commissioners in such Manner as he or they shall order, direct, or appoint; and the Money so ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such and the same.Manner as the other Expences of this Act are herein or by the said recited Act ordered and directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed or adjudged to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Annuity, Rent-charge, Debt, or Incumbrance whatsoever in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be divided and allotted, or which shall be exchanged or assigned in compensation for any other Estate or Right in pursuance of this Act; but as well the Lands allotted as the Tenements or other Hereditaments which shall be assigned in Exchange or as a Compensation for any other Estate or Right shall, immediately after such Allotment, Exchange, or Assignment shall be made, be vested, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid shall thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Intents, Trusts, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the same Deeds, Wills, Settlements, Limitations, and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments, Assignments, and Exchanges shall have been made should or would have stood severally limited, settled, or subject or liable to, or been held by, in case the same had not been allotted, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made or acted upon; save and except such Rents and Services as shall have been compensated for and extinguished, and such Leases and Tenancies at Rack Rents as shall become void, by virtue of this Act, and subject nevertheless to all such Mortgages and Sales as shall be made by Authority of this Act or of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third.

Commissioners in certain Cases to apportion Expences of erecting Boundary Fences.

Act not to affect Settlements.

670

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

leases at Rack

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Rent may be Leases, Agreements, and Tenancies at Rack Rent subsisting of voided any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized

to be divided, allotted, and inclosed at the Time of the first Appointment of any Commissioner or Commissioners for the Inclosure thereof, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, shall, so far only as respects the Lands hereby authorized to be divided and allotted or exchanged, cease and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall by Writing under his or their Hands direct or appoint, so as the respective Lessors or Landlords of such Lands or Tenements do, before or at the respective Times at which such Leases or Tenancies shall be directed to cease, make and pay such Satisfaction to the respective Lessees or Tenants for the Loss which shall be sustained by the Determination of such Leases respectively, so far as regards the said Lands the Tenancy and Leases whereof are hereby authorized to be determined, as shall be mutually settled and agreed between them, or as the said Commissioner or Commissioners, being required by either of the Parties, shall ascertain and direct; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners, being so required, are hereby empowered and directed to apportion a reasonable and proportionable Part, according to the Season of the Year, of the Rent reserved on any such Lease or Agreement, for or in respect of the Time which shall have elapsed between the last Day on which any Payment of the Rent shall have become due and the Determination of any such Lease or Agreement; and such Part of the Rent shall be recoverable by such Ways and Means as may by Law be used for the Recovery of Rent in arrear; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and directed in every Case where such Lands or other Hereditaments shall be held by virtue of such Lease or Agreement, together with other Lands or Hereditaments, by one entire Rent, to apportion and determine what Part of such Rent shall be deducted in respect of such of the Lands or other Hereditaments in such Lease or Agreement compr ised as to which the same shall be determined as aforesaid, and from what Time such Deduction shall take place; and the rest of the Rent reserved on any such Lease or Agreement shall, during the Remainder of the Term thereof, be the Rent of and for the Residue of such Lands and Hereditaments, and shall be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the entire Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement shall immediately before such Apportionment be payable and recoverable. Exchanges may

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for be made. the said Commissioner or Commissioners to set out, allot, and award

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, whether situate within the Boundary of such Open and Common Lands or Fields as aforesaid, or adjoining thereto, within the Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the Lands to be allotted and inclosed are situated, or any of them, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, or any of them, or within any Parish, Township, or Place adjoining to the said Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, or any of them; pro-

viditi

A.D. 1830.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

671

vided that all such Exchanges shall be ascertained, specified, ' and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, and be made with the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Hereditaments and Premises which shall be so exchanged, whether such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Rector, Parson, Vicar, or other Ecclesiastical Person or Persons, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, Special or General, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors, but not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietor or Proprietors who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics, or under any other legjd Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, or of the Trustees or Feoffees for charitable, parochial, or other Uses, or of the Person or Persons having Power to sell and dispose of the Hereditaments and Premises which shall be so exchanged (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively); and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made respectively shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Benefice shall be situate.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act shall be held in like Manner, under and by virtue of the same Terms and Rents, and shall be thereafter deemed to be of the same Quality and Tenure, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotment or Allotments or Exchanges shall be made were held or deemed to be of immediately before the making of every such Allotment or Exchange respectively: Provided always, that when the Tithes of any Common Lands or Fields agreed to be allotted or inclosed under the Provisions of this Act belong to different Persons or do not extend over the whole of such Common Lands or Fields it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Commissioner to allot the Tithes as well as the Land, in order that all Persons may have Tithe-free Allotments in lieu of Lands which were before exempted from Tithes.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall by any Writing under his or their Hands, order and direct.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may scour out, widen, and

alter

Allotments to be under the same Tenure as the Lands in respect of which they are allotted.

For defraying Expence of Exchanges.

Ditches, &c. may be cleaned, altered, or widened.

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

&I2

Power to Commissioners to make Drains through Land not proposed to be inclosed, due Compensation being made for Damage done.

Upon the Consent of Seven KighthsinNum-!>er and Value, an Inclosure may take place without the Intervention of Commissioners.

alter all such ancient Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, and Bridges in the respective Open Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields (or any one of them) hereby authorized to be allotted and inclosed, and also shall and may set out, widen, and make any new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, and Bridges in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, (the Expences thereof to be raised and defrayed as the other Expences of executing the Powers of this Act are herein directed to be raised and defrayed,) and of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimensions, and in such Directions, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed and required in and by their Awards to order and determine by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time and in what Manner, the said Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, and Bridges shall be afterwards demised, scoured, and maintained, and also shall and may direct, order, and award all or any of the Streams, Springs, and Watercourses within the said Lands and Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed to be carried, diverted, and turned into such Courses, and through, over, and across such Parts of the Lands and Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge proper for the draining or watering the several Allotments so to be made as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall be necessary, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from such Drains as may be made under the Authority of this Act, to make Drains thtough any Land not to be inclosed, divided, or allotted under the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Servants to enter upon such Lands, and make such Drains accordingly, due Compensation being made for any Damage done to such Lands thereby; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners in their Award to direct by which of the Persons to whom any Allotment shall be made in any Field so divided and inclosed such Drains shall be maintained, and the Persons so directed to maintain such Drains shall maintain the same accordingly, and have the same Authority to enter upon such Lands as herein-before described, for the Purpose of maintaining the same, as is herein-before given to the said Commissioners and their Servants for the making of the same, making due Compensation for any Damage which may be done to such Lands.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case Seven Eighths in Number and Value of the Persons being seised, possessed of, entitled to, or interested in any Open and Common Arable Fields, or Open and Common Meadow or Pasture Lands or Fields, in England or Wales, and any Rights of Common or any other Rights therein, being Persons having such Estates or Interests in the said Lands, Fields, or Rights as are herein-before required for the Purpose of consenting to any such proposed Inclosure as aforesaid, shall by themselves or their known Agents, or if Covert, Infants, Idiots, or Lunatic, then by their Husbands, Guardians, or Committees, at a public Meeting to be called for that Purpose in the Manner and after the Notice herein-before provided for, or at 14 some

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

673

some Adjournment thereof, enter into an Agreement for such Inclostire under the Provisions of this Act, but without the Intervention of Commissioners, and for the Discharge of the Lands to be indlosed from all Rights of Common, and for the granting of Compensation to such Persons as may be possessed of such Rights, whether consenting Parties to any such Agreement or not, and shall sign or seal (as the Case may require) the Schedule hereinafter mentioned, every such Inclosure shall, from and immediately after the Expiration of the Notices of such Schedule having been deposited as herein-after mentioned, be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes (subject only to the Right of Appeal hereinafter given) as if the same had been effected by means of Commissioners to be appointed under this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That before any Land shall be inclosed under the Provisions herein contained for Inclosure without the Assistance of Commissioners, a Schedule of such Land, containing a correct Description thereof, and signed by the Persons proposing to make such Inclosure, and also by the Persons whose Consent to such Inclosure is herein-before required to be given, and whenever the Inclosure shall be proposed to be made by any Person having a less Estate than a Fee Simple or under Disability, then accompanied by a Copy of the severed Limitations contained in the Deed or Will under which such Person may be entitled, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Parish, Township, or Chapelry, and also with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the Land proposed to be inclosed may be situated; and a Notice of such Schedule having been so deposited (such Notice containing a Description of the Land intended to be inclosed) shall be published in some Newspaper usually circulating in the County wherein such Land is situated, at Three several Times in Three successive Months after such Schedule shall have been so deposited, and a Copy thereof shall be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Township in which the Land may be situated, before the Commencement of Divine Service, or if there be no Church or Chapel then in some conspicuous Place there, for Three successive Sundays after such Schedule shall have been so deposited: Provided always, that whenever such Inclosure shall be proposed to be made by a Corporation Aggregate, or the Consent of a Corporation Aggregate shall be necessary thereto, the affixing of the Common Seal of such Corporation to such Schedule shall be deemed a sufficient Compliance with the Provisions of this Act

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall be seised or possessed of or entitled in Possession to any Land or Tenement in respect of which Compensation may be proposed or ought to be given, or to which any Right of Common may attach, or who having no Land in the Common Field in which an Inclosure is proposed, to be made, may nevertheless have a Right of Common therein, whether such Person shall be Tenant in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or by the Courtesy of England^ or for any other Estate of Freehold, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and also for any Person whose Right of Common may be merely personal, and for the Guardian, Trustee, Feoffee for 6 A 7 Gul. IV. X x charitable

Schedule of Land proposed to be inclosed to be deposited with the Clerk of the Pariah and the Clerk of the Peace; and a Notice thereof affixed on the Church Door, and published in some Newspaper circulating in the County.

Incapacitated Persons enabled to enter into an Agreement for Compensation.

C. 115.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 186.

Persons having Objections to such Inclosure to deposit them with the Clerk of the Peace within Six Months;

to be open to Inspection.

Clerk of the Peace to lay the Schedule, &c. before the Jus. tices at Quarter Sessions, who shall bear and determine upon such Objections.

Persons interested in Allotments may sell the same before the Award; and Commissioners

charitable or other Uses, Husband, or Committee of such Person who shall be an Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, or under any other Disability, to consent and agree to the Compensation which may be offered or which ought to be given by the Persons making such Inclosure, not only as to the Nature and Amount of such Compensation, but as to the Manner in which the same shall be secured, and to sign the Agreement for that Purpose; but no such Agreement shall be valid if entered into by any Person having a limited Interest only, or by any Incumbent of a Benefice, without the Consent of the same Persons and to be testified in the same Manner as is herein-before required in the Case of such Persons being respectively Parties to any Agreement for In closure: Provided always, that in case such Compensation or any Part thereof shall be agreed to be paid in Money, and such Money shall belong to any Persons who in the said first-recited Act are mentioned or described as Persons incapacitated to receive the same, then such Money shall be paid and applied in such and the same Manner as Money belonging to such Persons is directed to be applied under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Agreement for Compensation may or may not have been entered into, and notwithstanding any such Agreement, if any Person interested in any such Inclosure, other than a Person who may have signed such Agreement or otherwise consented thereto, shall object to such Inclosure, or to the Nature or Amount of any Compensation which may be offered, or to the Manner in which such Compensation may be proposed to be secured, or on account of there not having been any Compensation offered, it shall be lawful for him to state such Objection in Writing, and to deposit the same with the Clerk of the Peace at any Time within Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the aforesaid Notices of the Deposit of such Schedule; and such Schedule and Copy of Limitations, and every Statement and Document annexed to such Schedule, and every Statement of Objection which may be so deposited, shall be open to the Inspection of any Person interested, and the Deposit of such Statement of Objections in manner aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Notice to all Persons interested in such Inclosure.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall cause the Schedule and Statement of Objections, and all other Papers relating thereto, and which shall have been so deposited with him, to be laid before the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some adjourned Meeting thereof, which shall be held not earlier than Twenty-eight Days next after the Deposit of such Objections, in and for the County, Riding, or Division wherein the Lands proposed to be inclosed, or the greater Part thereof, shall be situate; and all such Objections shall be heard and determined by the said Justices in manner herein-after provided.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in the said Allotments at any Time to mortgage, sell, demise, or dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Property which he, she, or they shall then have in or to the said Open and Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture

Lands

AA). 1836^ 6° & V GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

Lands or Fields (ot hny one of them) , and of the Allotments set out in lieu thereof before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner or Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Conveyance or other Instrument by which such Sale or Disposition is confirmed being produced to them, and the Execution thereof proved to their Satisfaction, to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively; and if not so allotted such Conveyance or other Instrument shall be valid and effectual in Law, notwithstanding it may have been so made before the Execution of the said Award.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, in case he or they shall be requested by Writing under the Hand or Hands of any Person or Persons being Tenant for Life, or other Person being in Possession of, but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in, any Landis hereby authorized to be allotted and inclosed, to sell and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments belonging to such Person or Persons, for the Purpose of defraying his, her, or their Shares of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of putting into execution this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, subdividing, and inclosing such Allotment or Allotments; and the said Commissioners shall accordingly sell such Part or Parts of such Allotment or Allotments, either by private Contract or public Auction, as they shall think proper, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and shall convey the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers by any Deed under their Hands and Seals; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners for such Money shall be a full and complete Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for such Purchase Money; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Purchase Money in or towards the Payment of such Expences, and in fencing, ditching, subdividing, and inclosing the said Allotment or Allotments respectively, and not otherwise; but such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be liable to see to the Necessity or Expediency of such Sale, nor be answerable nor accountable for the Misapplication of such Purchase Money; and upon the Payment of such Purchase Money or Purchase Monies into the Hands of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, the Lands so to be sold as last aforesaid shall immediately thereupon be vested in Fee Simple in Possession (if such Allotment or Allotments is or are made in right of Freehold) in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and the same shall be thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioner or Commissioners.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Allotment or Allotments so to be made to any Person or Persons being Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other Person being in Possession, but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in any Lands hereby authorized to be allotted and inclosed, which stand limited to the same Uses, shall be situated partly in one and partly in another Parish or Township, or Place, it shall and may

X x 2 be

675

may allot them to the Purchasers.

Tenants for Life empowered to sell Part of their Allotments to defray Expences.

When Allotments to a Tenant for Life arc in different Parishes, Commissioners may sell the Land in one Parish to defray Ex-

C. 115 *

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

peaces attending the other Portion of the Allotment.

[Proviso.]

Not to charge Lands with Expenses unless the Sum to arise by the Sale shall be less thaq 5/. per Acre.

For Payment of Expences of measuring, dividing, allotting, and inclosing Open and Common Lands.

be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Commissioners in case they shall be requested as last herein-before mentioned, to sell and dispose of, and to convey and assure to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, any Part or Parts of the said Allotments belonging to such Person or Persons in any One or more of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, in manner in that Behalf herein-before mentioned, as well for the Purpose of defraying his, her, or their Share or Shares of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of putting into execution this Act and the said recited Act, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, subdividing, and draining such Allotment or Allotments, in respect of such of the said Lands as are situated in the same Parish wherein the said Allotment or Allotments bo sold may be situated, as for and in respect sf such of the said Lands or other Hereditaments or Allotments as may be situated in any other Township or Place: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Sale any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons Part of whose Allotment or Allotments may be sold or disposed of would have been empowered and authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre of such Allotment or Allotments.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotments Lands shall be as aforesaid deducted to charge his, her, or their Lands or Hereditaments, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences, unless the Money to arise by such Sale shall be less than the Sum of Five Pounds per Acre; and then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to charge his, her, or their Estate or Estates with, or to raise by Mortgage thereof, or other Means or Ways, as mentioned in the said recited Act or this Act, such further Sum of Money as may be necessary for the Payment of the Expences of executing this Act, and subdividing the said Allotments, as, together with the Value of the Lands so deducted, shall not exceed the Amount that might be borrowed and charged on the Lands to be divided and allotted at the Rate of Five Pounds for each and every Acre.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of surveying, valuing, planning, measuring, dividing, and allotting the said Open and Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of fencing the Lands of the Persons from whom a Deduction of Land shall be made as herein-before directed, and also the Expences of preparing and enrolling the Awards of and the Allowances and Payments to be made to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Umpire, and Surveyors respectively, as herein-before directed, and all other Charges and Expences incident to or attending the carrying this Act into execution, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by all the Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments so authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or exchanged, in such Proportions as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall settle, adjust, and determine, to be paid at such Time or Times and to such Parson or Persons as they the said

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115.

677

said Commissioner or Commissioners shall order and direct; Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands being given Thirty Days before the Time such Payment shall be required: Provided always, that in case any Number of Persons whose Allotments shall not exceed Two Acres respectively shall have required their Allotments to be thrown together as aforesaid, such Persons shall not be liable to pay, bear, or defray any Part of the Charges and Expences as aforesaid: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Four Fifths in Number and Value of the Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, at any Meeting to be held as hereinbefore is mentioned, to agree that any Persons whose Allotments shall not exceed Five Acres respectively shall not be liable to pay, bear, or defray any Part of the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and such Persons shall by virtue of such Agreement be exempt from all Liability thereto.

L. And be it further enacted, That once at least in every Year, Commissioners to be computed from the first Appointment of such respective to account. Commissioner or Commissioners, the Accounts of the said Commissioners, Commissioner, or Umpire, containing a true Statement of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expence in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, until such Account shall be finally settled, shall, together with the Vouchers relating to the same, be by them laid before Three of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Lands to be inclosed, or the greater Part of them, shall be situated, to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be stated in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be so allowed: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to retain or pay to themselves or Clerk, out of any Monies to be received by them or over which they may have any Control in the Execution of any Inclosure to be effected under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money on account of any Allowance herein-before directed to be made to such Commissioners and Clerk respectively beyond One Third of such Allowance as they shall respectively be entitled to as aforesaid, until after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Day of the Delivery of the Award hereby directed to be made in the Church of the Parish in which the Lands inclosed may be situate.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Awards. Commissioners shall make and execute Awards, with Maps or Plans thereto annexed, and shall cause the same to be enrolled in manner as directed by the said recited Act; and such Awards shall be deposited in the respective Parish Churches of the Parishes wherein the Lands so to be allotted and inclosed, or the greater Part thereof, are situated.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses,

Provisions, and Enactments contained in the said Act of the ^re not Forty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third and of altered or re-the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, or such pealed, extended

X x 3 of to this Act.

678

C115.

6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Appeal to Quarter Smoot where Parties think themselves aggrieved.

of them as are applicable to and consistent with the Purposes and Object of this Act, shall and may be in full Force and Effect for carrying into effect the Allotments, Division, Inclosures, and Exchanges hereby authorized to be made, as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Provisions, and Enactments had been herein repeated and re-enacted, and had been made Part of this Act, with such Alterations and Variations as would adapt them and render them applicable to the Objects and Purposes of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any thing done by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act (except in Cases where the Things so done are herein or by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third declared to be final, binding, and conclusive,) to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the County, Riding, or Division wherein the Lands, or the greater Part thereof, in respect of which the Matter of Complaint may arise, shall be situated, or any Adjournment thereof, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, first giving or causing to be given Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or One of them, or to the Parties intended to be appealed against; and the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and shall also hear and determine any Appeal against the Sum agreed to be paid to any Commissioner or Surveyor, or against the Adoption of any Plan, Map, Admeasurement, or Valuation, or against any Rules, Conditions, and Principles which may have been agreed upon in manner aforesaid for the Guidance of the Commissioner or Commissioners or Umpire in making Allotments, and shall also hear and determine all Objections (if any) which may have been made in manner aforesaid to any Inclosure without the Assistance of Commissioners, or to the Nature or Amount of the Compensation which may have been offered, or to the Manner in which the same may have been proposed to be secured, or on account of there not having been any Compensation offered, and to make such Order in every such Case respectively, and to award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet, and by their Warrant to levy the Costs awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Parties respectively adjudged to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the respective Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges, of such Distress and Sale; and every Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned; and no such Complaint, Appeal, or Proceeding shall be removed, or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Proceeding whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the aaid Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

C. 115.

679

LIV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Case authorize the Inclosure of any Waste whatsoever, whether the Soil thereof shall or shall not be vested in the Lord of any Manor, and whether with or without the Assent of the Lord of such Manor; nor shall any thing in this Act contained prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the respective Lords for the Time being of any such Manors in or to any of the Royalties or Seignories, Fisheries, Manorial and other Rights, Customs, and Services incident or belonging to the said respective Manors or any of them; but that such respective Lords, and all and every Person and Persons claiming in Trust for him or them as such respective Lords for the Time being of the said several and respective Manors, shall and may at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Fines, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, and Forfeitures, Privileges and Jurisdictions of their several and respective Manors, to the respective Lords thereof, or any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, incident, belonging, or appertaining, except in respect of any Land or Estate for which Compensation is herein-before authorized to be made, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same might or ought to have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Inclosure of any Open or Common Arable Fields, or of any Open or Common Meadow or Pasture Lands or Fields, situate and being within Ten Miles of the City of London, or of any Open or Common Meadow or Pasture Lands or Fields situate and being within One Mile of any City or Town of Five thousand Inhabitants, or within One Mile and a Half of any City or Town of Fifteen thousand Inhabitants, or within Two Miles of any City or Town of Thirty thousand Inhabitants, or within Two Miles and a Half of any City or Town of Seventy thousand Inhabitants, or within Three Miles of any City or Town of One hundred thousand Inhabitants; provided that in all Cases the Number of such Inhabitants shall be ascertained by the then last Parliamentary Census thereof, and that such Distance shall be measured in a direct Line from the Town Hall, if there shall be any Town Hall, or if there shall be no such Town Hall then from the Cathedral or Church, if there shall be only One Church, or if there shall be more Churches than One then from the principal Market Place of any such City or Town.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Words and Expressions herein-after mentioned, which in their ordinary Signification have a more confined or a different Meaning, shall in the Construction of this Act, except when the Nature of the Provision or the Context of the Act exclude such Construction, be interpreted as follows; (that is to say,) the Words " Proprietor, 1" "Owner," and "Person" shall respectively extend as well, to an Individual as to a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and to a Corporation as well Aggregate as Sole, whether such Corporation be Eleemosynary or Civil, Ecclesiastical or Lay; the Word " Benefice v

X x 4f shall

Act not to affect Rights of Lords of Manors.

Act not to authorize the Inclosure of any Open or Common Fields within certain Distances of large Towns.

Meaning of certain Words in this Act.

680

C.llfc

6° & T* GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

String the Rights of His Majesty in respect of the Duchy of Corn* well, or of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being.

Soring ax to the Duchy of Lancaster.

General Soring.

shall extend to and be taken to comprehend Rectories, - Vicarages, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies, Parochial and Consolidated Chapelries and Churches, and Chapels having a District assigned thereto; the Word " Tithes " shall extend to any Rent-charge or Payment in lien of Tithe; the Word "Land* shall extend to every Species of Land, whether Arable, Meadow, or Pasture, and whether Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary, or held by any other Tenure, and as well to One Piece or Parcel as to any Number of Pieces or Parcels of Land; the Word " Parish " shall be construed to include any Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Vill, Village, Hamlet, Tithing, Chapelry, or any other Place or Division or District of a Place, whether Parochial or Extra^parochial; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and be applied to several Persons or Things as well as one Person or Thing.

LVTL Provided further, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect, prejudice, or derogate from the Estate, Right, Title, Interests, Privileges, or Authority of the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in right or in respect of His Duchy of Cornwall or of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, or to authorize, sanction, or permit the Inclosure of any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, or give any Right or Title whatsoever to any Encroachment or Intake heretofore made thereupon, or otherwise affect any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever belonging to or held of or being within and forming Part and Parcel of any Manor, Messuage, or Tenement, Open Field, Pasture, Common, or other Land or Ground whatsoever, or any Advowson, Rectory, or Vicarage, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall) or wherein or whereunto, or over, upon, or with reference whereto. His Majesty, in respect of His said Duchy of Cornwall) or the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, may have or claim to have any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest whatsoever, nor at any Time or Times be admitted in any Court of Law or Equity or otherwise considered as Evidence upon any Occasion to affect in any Manner His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in right or in respect of His said Duchy of Cornwall) or the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Inclosure of any Open Lands in, to, or over which His Majestty, in right of His Crown or of His Duchy of Lancaster has or may have or claim to be entitled to any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest whatsoever.

LIX. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, his, her, or their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the Persons to whom any Allotment or Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made to them in respect of such Right, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intents and Purposes hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 115, 116.

681

extinguished by this Act, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Open and Common Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Lands or Fields hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or the carrying the Powers thereof into execution, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made, or the Powers thereof had not been carried into execution.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the

Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

[20th August 1836.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made and in force in

Ireland for the Purpose of regulating the Fiscal Powers of Grand Juries have become obscure and complicated from their

Multiplicity, and their Provisions have been found in many respects insufficient, and it is expedient, with a view to secure the better Execution of Public Works, and facilitate the Transaction of local Business, that the said Laws should be consolidated and amended, and that a uniform System of raising Money by Presentment of Grand Juries should be established in all Counties in Ireland, whether Counties at large, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, except the County and City of Dublin, at any Assizes to make any Presentment (save and except in the Cases hereinafter specially reserved and excepted) for the Execution of any Public Work whatsoever, or for raising any Money, unless under the Authority and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act.

II. And whereas an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for rendering more effectual the Laws for preventing En- 4 eroachments and the committing of Waste on Commons in this Kingdom, whereby the Grand Jury of any County in Ireland in which there is a Common consisting of not less than Two 4 thousand Acres of Land is empowered to appoint an Inspector of such Common, and such Inspector is empowered to appoint Sub-Inspectors as therein mentioned, and the Grand Jury is also empowered to appoint yearly Salaries to such Inspector and Sub-Inspectors, and in order to raise a Sum sufficient for that Purpose yearly at the Assizes for the County to present such Sum to be raised off the Occupiers of the Land surrounding such Common and mearing therewith or fronting to the same as shall be necessary for the Purpose aforesaid, and not exceeding the Rate in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said last-pientioned Act should be repealed; be it

therefore

All Presentment* to be made under this Act.

The ActS6G.Sk (I.) repealed after 1st Feb.

1837, and all Appointment* of Inspectors of Commons, Arc. made under that Act to cease.

683

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Explanation of Terms.

Justices to bold Presentment Sessions for the Purposes of this Act at the Times and Places appointed by the Grand Jury.

Grand Juries at Assizes to fix Times and Places for Presentment Sessions; and may direct what Number of Copies of Applications shall be printed and distributed.

therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven the said Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven all Appointments of Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, and other Officers already made or in the meantime to be made by or under the Authority of such lastpmentioned Act, and the Offices, Power3, and Authorities of all such Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, and other Officers respectively, and all Salaries or other Allowances to such Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors, and other Officers respectively, shall cease and determine.

III. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Word " Lord Lieutenant of Ireland" shall extend to and include any Lords Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and every Half Barony shall be considered and deemed a Barony; and wherever the Word " County" shall occur the same shall be deemed and taken to include and import any County at large, or County of a City, or County of a Town and City, or City or Town and County; and wherever the Word " Assizes " shall occur in this Act it shall be deemed and taken to include and import "Presenting Term;" and whenever in this Act any Authority is given to, or any Duty is directed to be performed by, any Judge of Assize, such Authority shall be understood as given to, and such Duty as directed to be performed by, the Justices of the King's Bench in Dublin in any Presenting Term; and every Word importing the Singular Number shall extend and be applied to several Persons, Animals, or Things as well as to one Person, Animal, or Thing; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender shall extend and be applied to a Female as well as to a Male, unless the contrary thereof shall be expressed, or that any such Construction as aforesaid shall be inconsistent with or repugnant to the Context.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for every Justice of the Peace in and for any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County in Ireland, not being a Stipendiary Magistrate, to attend, and all such Justices are hereby required to assemble, from Time to Time, and with the Cess Payers associated with them as herein-after appointed, to hold a Special or Presentment Sessions for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place and Places and at such Time and Times, within any and every such County, as the Grand Jury of the Same shall have appointed pursuant to the Provisions herein-after following.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Grand Juries in every County in Ireland, and they are hereby required, at each Assizes to appoint, by Presentment, certain Places within their respective Counties (videlicet, One in each Barony or Half Barony,) where, and certain Times when, Presentment Sessions shall be successively holden previous to the next Assizes for such Counties respectively for the Purposes of this Act, as herein-after set forth; and such Presentment shall appoint the Hours of the Day between which such Sessions shall be respectively holden; and

9 such

C. 116.

683

such Presentment shall appoint the last Meeting of such Sessions to be holden at the County Court House; and it shall also be lawful for the Grand Jury at every such Assizes to direct, by Presentment, what Number of Copies of the Schedules of Applications to be made at each such Sessions shall be printed and distributed by the Secretary of the Grand Jury.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Grand Jury for each County of a City or County of a Town shall appoint One such Presentment Sessions to be holden in the same for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Applications for Works, the Expences whereof are to be levied off such County of a City or Town, shall be made thereat.

VII. And, for the Purpose of enabling the Grand Jury to prepare such List of Cess Payers as herein-after mentioned, be it further enacted, That every High Constable or other Collector of Money levied by Grand Jury Presentment shall, on the Day when the Grand Jury shall be first impannelled at each Assizes, deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury a Return of the Names and Places of Residence of the One hundred Persons, being Males of full Age, if so many there be, and if not, then of the whole Number of Persons resident or in actual Occupation of Lands and Tenements in each County of a Town, County of a City, or Barony, who *, not being in Holy Orders nor any Minister of Religion, and not being Justices of the Peace, shall have been charged with and shall have paid for Land actually occupied by them the highest Sum or Sums for Grand Jury Rates or Cess for and in respect of any Lands in such County of a Town, County of a City, or Barony, under the last previous Applotment, and that in such List he shall set forth the Sum so paid by each such Cess Payer respectively, and shall classify them according to the Amount paid by each, and that the Secretary shall immediately lay such Return before the Grand Jury.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every such Grand Jury as aforesaid shall at each Assizes fix and determine the Number of Persons, not being more than Twelve nor less than Five, proper, with reference to the Extent and Circumstances of each County of a City, County of a Town, or Barony, to be associated with the Justices at the Presentment Sessions to be holden therein for the Purposes of this Act, and shall from the Return aforesaid make out a List of Double the Number so determined upon of Persons, with their Additions and Abode, who being Males of full Age resident and in actual Occupation of Lands or Tenements within such County of a City, County of a Town, or Barony respectively, shall according to the Return aforesaid have paid the highest Sum or Sums for Grand Jury Rates under the last previous Applotment in each such County of a City, County of a Town, or Barony respectively; and the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each of the Persons included in such List a Copy* thereof, and shall also deliver a Copy thereof to the Justices assembled at each Presentment Sessions to be held under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that at every Assizes after the passing of this Act, except the first Assizes, the Grand Jury shall before they shall make out such List strike out of the Return aforesaid the Names of One Half of the Persons whose Names appeared on the List made at the then preceding Assizes, selecting in the first

instance

Only One such Sessions in Cities and Towns.

Collectors to make Returns of Cess Payers for Grand Jury.

Grand Jury to fix the Numbet of Cvm Payers to be associated with the Justices for the Purposes of this Act.

[Proviso.]

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Justices to choose a Chairman, and select by Lot the Number of Cess Payers to be associated with them.

As to the Powers of the Cess Payers to associated.

instance the Names of the Cess Payers who were associated and acted with the Justices at the Presenting Sessions.

IX. And be it enacted, That at every Meeting of such Presentment Sessions the Majority of the Justices then present shall choose One of their Number to preside thereat, and that when only Two Justices shall be present the senior of them shall preside, and that when only One Justice shall be present such Justice preside; and such Chairman shall have in addition to his Vote a casting Voice in case of an Equality of Voices; and immediately after the Appointment of such Chairman, and before entering upon any other Business, the Name of every Person included in the List of Cess Payers made out by the Grand Jury in manner before appointed for each County of a City, County of a Town, or Barony in which such Sessions shall be held, written upon separate Pieces of Parchment or Card as nearly as may be of equal Size, with his respective Additions and Abode, shall be put into a Box, to be, as well as the said Pieces of Card or Parchment, for that Purpose provided by the Secretary of the Grand Jury, and the Chairman appointed to preside at each such Sessions shall in open Court draw out, one after another, such Number of the said Cards or Pieces of Parchment as the said Grand Jury may have fixed and determined to be the proper Number of Cess Payers to be associated with the said Justice or Justices at each such Sessions respectively; and if any of the Men whose Names shall be so drawn shall not appear, then such and so many more of such Cards or Pieces shall be drawn as may be necessary until the Number of Cess Payers appointed as aforesaid to be associated with the said Justice or Justices shall be completed, or until the whole of such Names shall be drawn; and such Number of the said Cess Payers so first drawn and appearing, or such lesser Number of them as shall appear when drawn, shall be associated with the said Justice or Justices, and have and exercise jointly with such Justice or Justices all Power and Authority in the Business of such Sessions: Provided always, that in the Case of any County at large the Cess Payers associated in manner aforesaid with the Justice or Justices at the Presentment Sessions holden in the County Court House shall, save and excepting the Cess Payer selected as herein-after mentioned, have no Voice, Power, or Authority in respect of any Applications the Expence whereof it may be proposed to levy off the County at large, but only in respect of those Applications the Expence whereof it may be proposed to levy off the Barony or Half Barony or Portion thereof wherein such Court House may be situate; and provided also, that in the Case of any County at large, such One of the associated Cess Payers as shall be for that Purpose selected by the Justices and associated Cess Payers at the Presentment Sessions holden in the County Court House, and such One of the associated Cess Payers as shall be for that Purpose selected by the Justices and associated Cess Payers at each of the Baronial Presentment Sessions to be holden in and for each Barony or Half Barony in such County shall be associated with the Justices at the Presentment Sessions holden in the County Court House, and have and exercise jointly with such Justices all such Power and Authority as by this Act conferred upon the Justices and Cess Payers at such Sessions in respect of so much of the Business of such Sessions as shall relate

to

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

685

to the County at large: Provided always, that if none of the Cess Payers named in the List herein-before directed to be made out by the Grand Jury shall attend any Presentment Sessions to be held under this Act it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices alone to do all Matters and Things authorized by this Act to be done thereat by the Justices and Cess Payers associated in the Business thereof.

X. And be it enacted, That every Justice shall previously to acting at any Presentment Sessions make and subscribe in open Court the Declaration marked (A.) in the Schedule (Z.) to this Act annexed; and that every Cess Payer associatea with such Justice or Justices in manner aforesaid shall previously to acting at any such Sessions make and subscribe in open Court the Declaration marked (B.) in the Schedule (Z.) to this Act annexed; which said Declarations any one of such Justices or the Secretary of the Grand Jury is hereby authorized and required to administer; and the Chairman at each such Sessions shall and he is hereby required to make out and deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the same County a List of the Names of all the Justices and Cess Payers who shall have made and subscribed such Declarations respectively at the Sessions where he had presided; and every such Secretary shall from Time to Time without unreasonable Delay, deliver the said List and all the Declarations so made and subscribed to the acting Clerk of the Peace, to be by him preserved among the Records of the same County.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Notices required by this Act shall be promulgated by Advertisements affixed on or immediately adjacent to the Doors of every Police Station or Barrack, and at the Places (if any) appointed by the Grand Jury for posting Notices within each Parish, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the District off which it is proposed that the larger Portion of the Expence of such Work is to be raised, and to the County Surveyor and Secretary of the Grand Jury; and such Notices shall be affixed and delivered Ten Days previous to the first Day appointed for holding the Presentment Sessions at which the Application for the Work is to be made: Provided always, that when any Application shall be made by any County Surveyor for any Public Work in the Manner herein-after mentioned it shall not be necessary for such County Surveyor to post any Notice of such Application.

XII. And be it enacted, That all Applications for Works, the Expence whereof it may be by such Applications proposed to levy off the County at large or off the Barony in which the County Court House may be situate, shall be made at the Presentment Sessions to be holden thereat, and all Applications for Works the Expence whereof it may be proposed as aforesaid to levy off any other Barony shall be made at such Presentment Sessions as shall be holden in and for such Barony: Provided always, that all Applications for the Works herein-after mentioned shall, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding, be made at the Presentment Sessions holden for the Barony in which the Works included in such Applications may be locally situate; (that is to say,) all Applications for lowering any Hill or filling up any Hollow, or both, on any public Road, and for making the Road

thereon

In case Cess Payers do not attend, the Justices may act alone.

Declarations of Justices and Cess Payers.

Promulgating

Notices.

Application for Works where to be made.

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Applications for Works to be charged upon Two or more Baronies.

Applications to be lodged with High Constable or Secretary of Grand Jury.

Secretary to arrange and number them.

County Surveyor may make Application respecting Public Works if none already made.

thereon with Stones and Grovel, or far building, rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet, built of Stones or Bricks or Wood, under or on any such Road, or filling or gravelling over any such Bridge, Arch, Pipe, or Gullet, or for building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of or to prevent any steep Banks of Earth from falling upon any such Road, or in erecting any Fence, Railing, or Wall for the Protection of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes lying on the Side of any public Road, or for maintaining any Dispensary *

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Applications for any new Works which it is proposed to charge upon Two or more Baronies of any County, but not upon the County at large, shall and may be made at the Presentment Sessions holden for the Barony off which it is proposed that the larger Portion of the Expence of such Work is to be raised, without making the same at the Presentment Sessions for each of such Baronies.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Application to be made at Presentment Sessions shall be lodged with some High Constable of the County in which such Application is to be made Fifteen Days, or with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Ten Days, at least before the Daiy appointed for holding of the first Presentment Sessions in such County after any Assizes; and every High Constable with whom any such Applications shall be lodged shall transmit such Applications to the Secretary of the Grand Jury Ten Days before the Day appointed for holding such first Sessions; and such Secretary shall keep an Office open, for the Purpose of receiving such Applications, during Ten Days immediately preceding the last Day upon which such Applications are required to be lodged with the Secretary, and the said Applications shall be open to public Inspection without Fee or Reward; and such Secretary shall, on the Receipt of each Application, indorse or cause to be indorsed thereupon the Time when the same is lodged, and number and arrange all such Applications as the Works therein comprised may be proposed to be defrayed by the County at large or by any Barony thereof, and shall make an Abstract thereof and an Index thereto referring to the Numbers which he shall mark on each Application; and such Secretary shall produce and deliver all the Applications which shall hwe been lodged with him or delivered at his Office as aforesaid at the Sessions proper as hereinbefore provided for the Consideration of the same, together with the Abstract thereof and the Index thereto.

XV. And be it enacted, That the County Surveyor shall examine all the Applications so lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury as aforesaid; and in case no Application shall have been made for the necessary Surface Repairs of any public Road or Footpath, or the keeping open of any Drain adjoining any public Road, or any other public Work which to the said County Surveyor shall appear necessary, it shall be lawful and he ia hereby required to make Application for the same in the Manner hereinafter appointed at the next Presentment Sessions to be holden for the County or Barony by which the Expence of such Work ought to be defrayed, and it shall not be necessary for the said Surveyor to lodge any Application made by him with the Secretary of the

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

68?

Grand Jury, but such Application being delivered to the Chairman' at such Sessions shall be dealt with thereat in all respects in the same Manner as the other Applications which shall have been lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Application to Presentment Sessions for any Presentment other than for a Public Work shall be made by or on behalf of the Person or Persons requiring such Presentment, and every Application to any such Sessions for any Public Work shall be made by Two Persons paying Grand Jury Cess, or by the County Surveyor; and every Application to Presentment Sessions, whether for a Public Work or any other Purpose whatsoever, shall set out the Title of the Act authorizing such Presentment, with the Year of the King's Reign, Chapter, and Section, as printed by His Majesty's Printer, and shall specify the probable Expence of the proposed Work, and whether the Money proposed to be raised thereunder is to be levied off the County at large or some or what Barony or other Denomination of Land thereof, and shall be made in some one of the Forms marked (A.) , (B.) , (C.)> (D.) , and so forth, in the Schedule (X.) to this Act annexed, when any of such Forms shall be found fitting and suitable; and every such Application shall be signed by the Person or Persons by whom the same shall respectively be made with his or their own proper Hands; and it shall not be lawful, save as herein-after provided, for the Secretary of the Grand Jury to receive any Application which shall not have been made in Manner and Form herein appointed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That at each Presentment Sessions to be holden as herein-before provided the Justices and Cess Payers associated in the Business of such Sessions shall take into consideration all such Applications as may be laid before them in manner aforesaid, and examine into the posting or serving of the Notices of all such Applications, when a Notice shall be necessary, and into the Merits of such Applications, and the Conformity thereof with the Provisions of this Act; and the said Justices and Cess Payers shall after such Examination decide by Majority of Voices upon every such Application, and whether the same ought to be adopted or rejected, and whether wholly or in part, or conditionally in the event of the Expence thereof not exceeding a certain specified Sum, and what Modification thereof, if any, may be proper; and if such Justices and Cess Payers shall approve of any proposed Work either wholly or in part, or conditionally, or of any Modification thereof, they shall, save in the Case of Applications he rein-after otherwise provided for, direct the County Surveyor to prepare a proper Form of Tender for the Execution of the same, together with such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations as may be necessary, expressing the Nature and Extent of such Works, and, if the Sessions shall so direct, the Quantity per Perch and the Description of the Materials proper to be employed in performing and executing the same, and the Term within which such Work ought to be completed, and such other Particulars as the said Justices and Cess Payers shall think fit; and such Chairman shall indorse all Applications accordingly which shall be adopted and approved, and sign his Name thereto, and deliver all such Applications, so indorsed, to the Secretary of

Manner in which Applications are to be made.

Applications to be decided upon at Sessions.

Justices may direct the Surveyor to prepare Specifications and Forms of Tender.

Chairman to indorse Applications adopted.

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Adjourned Sessions for opening Tenders and Proposals.

ftroeeedings In case the Sessions refuse to approve any Applications for Public Works.

If it is probable that the Expense of any Work will exceed 100/. the opening of the

the Grand Jury; and such County Surveyor shall deliver such Form of Tender, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations in respect of the Work to which each Application shall relate, as soon thereafter as the same can be conveniently prepared, to the Secretary of the Grand Jury; and the said Justices and Cess Payers shall appoint the Manner in which Notice for the Receipt of Tenders and Proposals for the Execution of such Works shall be given, and the Period during which they shall be received, and shall adjourn such Sessions until some Day previous to the next Assizes, to be then holden for the opening of such sealed Tenders and Proposals, such Day not being later than Thirty Days from the Day of such Adjournment.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates and Cess Payers at Two successive Presenting Sessions shall refuse to approve of any Applications made for any Public Work, it shall be lawful for any of the Persons who made Application at such Sessions for such Work to present a Memorial to the Judges of Assize at the Assizes holden for the County in which such Sessions may have been holden, stating such Application and the Disapproval thereof at the Presenting Sessions, and praying that the Judges may direct the Grand Jury to make a Presentment for such Work; and such Memorial shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury at least One Month before the first Day of such Assizes, and a Copy thereof shall be served on each of the Chairmen at such Presenting Sessions at least One Month before the first Day of such Assizes, and the Person presenting such Memorial shall also cause to be inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated in the County Notice of his Intention to apply at the Assizes for such Order, and such Notice shall be published at least Three Times before the first Day of such Assizes; and upon Proof that such Memorial and Notices were served and published it shall be lawful for the Judges of Assize, or any of them, to cause a Jury to be impannelled of Persons returned to serve on Juries at said Assizes, to try and inquire whether such Work is a proper one to be executed, and if so to ascertain and state the Expence thereof; and if the Jury shall find that such Work is a proper Work to be executed it shall be lawful for the Judge, if he shall think fit, to direct the Grand Jury to consider such Presentment; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at such Assizes to present that such Work shall be done either for the Sum stated by the Jury to be sufficient for the Execution thereof, or such lesser Sum as they shall think proper, or to refuse to make such Presentment: Provided always, however, that no such Memorial shall be proceeded upon unless the Memorialist shall, at the Time of lodging such Memorial with the Secretary, deposit with him the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as a Security for such Costs and Expences as the Judge shall direct to be paid thereout to any Person or Persons who may appear to oppose such Application, or any Witness summoned to attend on the hearing of the Application.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when the County Surveyor considers it probable that the Expence of any Work will exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds it shall be lawful for the Justices and Cess Payers at the Presentment Sessions, if they so think fit, to order a Notice for the Receipt of such Tenders to be inserted

in

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116. 689

in so hie Newspaper circulating in the District, and to direct that the opening of the Tenders for such Work shall not take place at the adjourned Sessions, but that such Tenders shall be opened by the Grand Jury at the Commencement of the following Assizes, and such Gfand Jury shall open such Tenders accordingly, and proceed in all Matters relating thereto in the same Manner as the Justices and Cess Payers at the adjourned Sessions are hereinafter directed to proceed in respect of Tenders and Contracts, and shall afterwards, in due Order, take the Application for such Work into their Consideration, in the same Manner as if the Tenders had been opened at the adjourned Sessions, any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And itl order to lessen the Expence of keeping public Roads in repair, and to obviate the Necessity of making frequent Applications to Presentment Sessions therefor, be it further enacted, That whenever any Application shall be made in the Manner herein-before provided for gravelling or repairing with small Stones any public Road, or for keeping open the Drains on the Side of any public Road, or for gravelling or repairing any Footpath on the Sides of any such Road, or for repairing the battlements of any Bridges upon any such Road, the Justices and Cess Payers associated in the Business of such Sessions shall consider whether it may not be proper to contract for keeping such Road or Footpath in repair, and if they shall be of that Opinion they shall fix and determine the Period, being not more than Seven Years, for which it is expedient that a Contract should be made for that Purpose, and the County Surveyor shall insert such Period in his Specification and Form of Tender for such Works.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person who shall have signed any Application in pursuance of this Act shall die, or be prevented by Sickness or any unavoidable Necessity from appearing at such Sessions, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices and Cess Payers thereat to examine any other Person or Persons who shall have Knowledge of the Matter, and to decide upon such Application; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall, upon being furnished by the County Surveyor with the Specification or Form of Tender for the Execution of any such Work as aforesaid, and the Maps, Plans, Sections, and Elevations belonging thereto, notify by public Advertisement or otherwise in such Manner as the Justices and Cess Payers at such Presentment Sessions shall have directed, his Readiness to receive sealed Tenders and Proposals for the Execution of such Work during such Period as shall have been appointed by the same Authority for the Reception of the same, and the Time to which such Sessions has adjourned for the'opening of such Tenders and Proposals, and that Forms thereof may be obtained at his Office; and such Secretary shall accordingly prepare a sufficient Number of Forms of such Tenders and Proposals, and furnish to any Person who shall demand the same a Copy thereof, receiving therefor the reasonable Cost of preparing the same, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence; and each of such sealed Tenders and Proposals shall contain a

6 & 7 Gul. IV. Y y Statement

Tenders may be referred to the Grand Jury.

Works of Maintenance.

Provision in case of Death or Illness of Applicant.

Advertisement for Tenders and Proposals.

Contents of Tenders, &c.

690

0, 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Afc adjourned Sessions Tenders to be opened and Contract entered into with Person making lowest Proposal.

If no Proposal made Application to be void.

If no Presentment made Contract to be void.

Statement of the lowest Sum for which the Party making such Proposal is willing to contract for the Performance of the Work or Works specified and described in such Notification, and shall be subscribed with the Name, Description, and Residence of the Party so desirous to enter into such Contract, and also the Names, Descriptions, and Residences of not less than Two sufficient Persons willing to be bound, jointly and severally, with him for the due and faithful Performance of the said Contract, within the Time and in the Manner thereby prescribed, in a penal Sum double the Amount of the said Sum mentioned in such Tenders and Proposals, if the said Sum shall not exceed One thousand Pounds, but if such Sum shall exceed One thousand Pounds, then in a penal Sum exceeding the Sum mentioned in such Tenders and Proposals by One thousand Pounds in addition thereto; and all Maps, Plans, Sections, and Specifications relating to any such Work prepared by the County Surveyor shall be open to public Inspection in the Office of such Secretary without Fee or Reward,

XXIII. And be it enacted, That at the Meeting of each such adjourned Presentment Sessions as aforesaid the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall in open Court produce, duly numbered and arranged and with the Seals unbroken, all the Tenders and Proposals which may have been delivered to him, and shall open consecutively all those relating to the same Public Work, and so soon as the lowest Proposal made for the Performance of each such Work shall be ascertained the Party making such Proposal and his Sureties shall be called; and if the said Party and his Sureties shall appear, and shall satisfy the Justices and Cess Payere at such Sessions, upon Oath or otherwise, of the Sufficiency and Ability of each and every of them to answer and make good the Penalty herein-before specified for the Nonperformance of such Contract, and that such Proposal has not been made for any unfair or fraudulent Purpose, and shall thereupon enter into Security for the due Performance of such Contract, conditioned in such Penalty as aforesaid, such Proposal shall be accepted, and the Party making the same shall be declared entitled to execute the Work to which such Proposal may refer, if the same shall be presented by the Grand Jury; but if the Party making such Proposal and his Sureties shall not appear when called, or shall fail to satisfy the Justices and Cess Payers at such Sessions in any of the Particulars aforesaid, or shall decline to enter into such Security as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Proposal of the Party making default as aforesaid shall be deemed null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the next lowest Proposal shall be ascertained and dealt with in the same Manner, and so on until the said Security shall be entered into and the Contract duly completed: Provided always, that if no Proposal shall be made in respect of any Work within the Time limited for receiving the same, the Application for such Work shall be void and of no effect whatsoever; and provided further, that if the Grand Jury of the County at and for the Assizes then next-holden shall not make any Presentment on the Application in respect of which any Contract shall have been made according

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116. 691

to the Provisions herein-after mentioned, then and in such Case such Contract shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That such Security so to be entered Security to be into by Contractors under this Act and their Sureties shall be a ^ccS?J*ance Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of e IDg* like Force, Validity, and Effect as other Recognizances made to

the King's Majesty; and at such adjourned Presentment Sessions any Justices present or the Chairman is hereby authorized to take such Recognizance, and the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall prepare the same, and come provided therewith, so as to prevent Delay; and the Expence of preparing the same, not exceeding One Shilling, shall be defrayed by the Party or Parties entering thereinto; and such Recognizance shall be preserved in Custody of such Secretary until the Condition of such Recognizance shall have been fulfilled, and shall then be delivered up to the Conusee or Conusees therein named, or to any Person by him or them duly authorized, to be cancelled.

XXV. And be it enacted, That as soon as may be possible Schedules of after the Presentment Sessions shall have been holden at all the Applications Places and Times appointed therefor in each County, the Secre- J ^JP^paredr tary of the Grand Jury shall prepare and make Schedules of the GrandTury, 0 Contents of all Applications (save and except the Applications to and printed be certified as herein-after provided) , approved of wholly or in

part, and which may have been delivered to him for such Purpose by the Chairman at each Sessions, including in One Schedule all such Applications for Works proposed to be charged and raised on the County at large, County of a City, or County of a Town, and in other separate Schedules (videlicet, One for each Barony,) all such Applications for Works proposed to be levied upon each Barony, arranging all such Applications in alphabetical Order, and noting on the Faoe of each Schedule the Particulars of the Decision of the Presentment Sessions on each Application; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed, in such Manner as shall have been authorized and directed by Grand Jury Presentment at the Assizes immediately preceding; and the said Secretary shall deliver a Copy of such Schedules to each High Sheriff of the County for the Time being, and to each County Surveyor, and shall, on the Day when the Grand Jury shall be next impannelled, as hereinafter directed, deliver One Copy of the said printed Schedules, together with the several Applications, and annexed thereto any Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations of the Works to which such Application shall relate, which shall have been prepared by the County Surveyor, and any Contract which shall have been made for the Performance of such Works, to the Foreman of such Grand Jury, and shall also deliver another Copy of the said Schedules to the Judge of Assize upon his Arrival; and the said Secretary shall keep another Copy of the said Schedule in his Office, for the Inspection of the Public, during Three complete Days at least immediately before the Day when such Grand Jury shall be first impannelled as herein-after provided.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That so soon as the Secretary of the Treasurer to Grand Jury of each County shall have made such Schedules, and applot the Sum

Y y 2 totted re(luired' and.

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

return the Applotment to the Grand Jury.

Approved Applications for new Works where the Sum exceeds 50/. to be certified by Grand Jury.

Sessions bolden next after the Assizes at which such Application shall have been certified to proceed with the same like other Applications.

totted up the Amount -of the Sums required by the several Applications, with reference to the Contracts relating thereto, to be raised at such Assizes on the County at large, the Treasurer of such County shall apportion the same according to the usual Mode of Assessment on the respective Baronies or Half Baronies; which Apportionment, together with a Copy of the Presentments made at the preceding Assizes, he shall return to the Foreman of the Grand Jury at the Time when they shall be first impannelled as herein-after provided.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Application made at Presentment Sessions as aforesaid shall be for making any new Road, or building any new Bridge, or erecting, enlarging, repairing, rebuilding, or finishing any House or other Building, the probable Expence whereof shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and if the Justices and Cess Payers at such Sessions as aforesaid shall approve of such Application, either wholly or in part, or of any Modification thereof, they shall direct the County Surveyor to prepare such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations as may be necessary, expressing the Nature and Extent of such Works, and the Materials proper to be employed in performing and executing the same; and the Chairman of such Sessions shall indorse such Application accordingly, and sign his Name thereto, and deliver such Application so indorsed to the Secretary of the Grand Jury; and such Secretary shall lay each and every such Application before the Grand Jury to be impannelled at the Assizes held next after such Application shall have been approved at such Sessions, to be certified by the Foreman thereof, who shall certify the same accordingly; but it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury at such first Assizes held after the Presentment Sessions whereat such Applications herein-before described shall have been approved to make any Presentment thereupon *

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That at the first Meeting of Presentment Sessions to be holden next after the Assizes at which such Application for any of the Purposes last-mentioned shall have been so certified as aforesaid for the same Barony or for the County at large at which such Application shall have been made, the County Surveyor shall lay the Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations prepared as aforesaid in respect of the same before the Justices and Cess Payers at such Sessions for their Consideration, who shall examine such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations, and such other Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations as may be submitted to them, and diall decide by a Majority of Voices whether the same ought to be adopted or rejected, or what Modification of such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations may be proper in respect of each such Application, and shall, if Need be, direct the County-Surveyor to alter or modify the same accordingly, and to prepare a proper Form of Tender for the Execution of such Works, expressing the Nature and Extent of such Works, and the Materials proper to be employed in performing and executing the same, and the Term within which such Work shall be completed, and such other Particulars as the said Justices and Cess Payers shall think fit to prescribe, and shall deliver the Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations which shall be so approved to the Secretary

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

of the Grand Jury, and shall appoint the Manner in which Notice for the Receipt of sealed Tenders and Proposals for the Execution of such Work shall be given, and the Period during which they shall be received; and such sealed Tenders and Proposals shall be opened at the first Adjournment of such Sessions to be made for opening sealed Tenders and Proposals; and thereupon such Applications, and such Tenders and Proposals relating thereto, shall be included in the Schedule of Applications to be prepared and laid before the Grand Jury at the then next succeeding Assizes, and shall be subject to such and the like Regulations in all respects as other Applications and other Tenders and Proposals are subject to under the Provisions of this Act.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Sheriff, immediately on The Sheriff to receiving the Precept appointing the Day for opening the Com- »np«">«l Grand mission at the next Assizes in his Bailiwick, shall inspect the

Schedules to be delivered to him as aforesaid, and confer thereon than One with the County Surveyor or Surveyors, and thereupon, having Day before each regard to the Quantity of Business which it shall appear likely that Assizes, the Grand Jury may be called upon to transact, shall fix and appoint, for impannelling the Grand Jury under the Provisions of this Act herein* after set forth, such Day previous to the Day for opening the Commission of Assize as in his Discretion may seem fit, such previous Day not being more than Five clear Days and not less than One clear Day before the Day appointed for opening the said Commission; and such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required, in manner heretofore practised according to Law for summoning Persons to serve on Grand Juries in Ireland, to summon and return a sufficient Number of Persons, qualified according to Law to serve as Grand Jurors in Ireland, to attend at the usual Place of holding Assizes upon the Day by such Sheriff so fixed; and the Persons so to be summoned are hereby required to come and appear agreeably to the Exigency of said Summons, under like Penalties and subject to like Forfeiture of Issues as Persons heretofore summoned to appear and serve on Grand Juries at any Assizes throughout Ireland, and to serve, under and subject to the like Penalties and Liabilities, until discharged from such Attendance in due Course of Law; and on the Day appointed for Sheriff; &c. to such Attendance such Sheriff shall attend with his Sub-Sheriff attend and im-and Assistants, and shall, or in the necessary Absence of the Sheriff pannel the Jury, the Under Sheriff shall, proceed to impannel the said Grand Jury in all respects, so far as may be possible, and with like Solemnities, as heretofore practised according to the Law for the impannelling of Grand Juries at the several Assizes in Ireland; and the Clerk Jurors to be of the Crown shall attend at the Time and Place aforesaid, and sworn, shall in such Manner and Form as hath heretofore been used in the swearing of Grand Jurors administer to each of the Grand Jurors to be impannelled as aforesaid the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule (Z.) to this Act annexed.

XXX. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and The Oath not may be lawful for any Grand Juror impannelled in Ireland to 10 bind Grand disclose any Matter or Thing relative to the making or refusing i^ors to any Presentment for or concerning Public Works or Monies, or recy *

the Expenditure of any Money raised thereby; and that the Oath taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, so far as it regards any Obligation

694 C. 116. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

One Freeholder or Leaseholder from each Barony to be placed upon the Grand Jury Panel.

Certain County Officers not to serve on Grand Juries at Presentment Sessions.

Grand Jury so im panne lied to be the Grand Inquest of the County.

tion of Secrecy, shall not be construed or held to extend or relate to any of the Functions of Grand Jurors in or concerning such Presentments of Public Works or Monies, or any Fiscal Concerns whatsoever, nor any Office or Function of a Grand Juror other than the Functions of such Grand Juror in Matters of a Criminal Nature.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the Sheriff of each County shall in framing the Panel of Persons summoned to serve on the Grand Jury of such County at each Assizes to observe the Rule herein-after following; (that is to say,) he shall place first on such Panel for each Barony or Half Barony in such County (if there shall be Ten or more Baronies or Half Baronies therein) the Name of some Person having in such Barony or Half Barony Freehold Lands of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds and upwards, or Leasehold Lands of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds over and above the Amount of Rent payable out of or for such Leasehold Lands; so that as far as can be One fit and competent Person having Lands of the Value aforesaid, and resident in each Barony, if the same can be found therein respectively, shall be placed upon such Panel; and having in such Manner selected such One fit and proper Person for each Barony and Half Barony, or eo many as he can so select, the Sheriff shall complete the said Panel in such Manner as now by Law authorized and directed; and the Persons taken from the Panel so framed shall be and constitute the Grand Jury or Inquest of such County, any thing in any Writ, Precept, or Venire facias expressed or directed, or any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding, and as if such Grand Jury were altogether composed of Freeholders: Provided always, however, that any Presentment or Indictment formed or made by auy Grand Jury in Ireland shall not be liable to be traversed, quashed, or in any Manner impeached by reason of the Grand Jury not being selected as aforesaid, but any Sheriff who shall wilfully omit or neglect to follow the Rules hereby made for the Selection of the Grand Jury shall be liable, on a Complaint made to the Judge of Assize, to be fined for Breach of the Provisions of this Act such Sum as such Judge shall think proper, in addition to any other Penalty or Punishment to which he may by Law be liable.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any stipendiary Magistrate, or the Treasurer of the County, or the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Surveyor or High Constable or Collector of any Barony or Half Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, or Coroner of any County, to serve upon the Grand Jury at any Assizes, or to act as Justice or associated Cess Payer at any Presentment Sessions to be holden under the Provisions of this Act for the County wherein he shall hold such Office.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Grand Jury so im-panne lied as aforesaid shall be and be deemed to all Intents and Purposes to be, and shall constitute, the Grand Inquest of the same County at and for the Assizes then to be holden, and shall, save as herein-after otherwise provided, perform and discharge, and be bound to perform and discharge, all the Duties, Offices, and Functions which any such Grand Jury might have performed $nd discharged

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116. 695

charged or would have been bound to perform and discharge if the same were impannelled before the Judge of Assize in manner heretofore practised according to Law, and subject to the like Forfeitures, Penalties, and Liabilities, and shall possess and exercise all and every the Powers, Privileges, and Authorities which Grand Juries impannelled before the Judge of Assize in manner hitherto accustomed have possessed and exercised or ought to possess or exercise under and by virtue of the Laws in force in Ireland, save as may be by this Act otherwise provided; and such Grand Jury shall not depart, save in case of Adjournment as herein-after mentioned, until discharged by the Judge of Assize; and the Assizes of each County shall, for the Purposes of this Act, but only as respects Matters connected with Presentments for raising or accounting for or paying Money or relating to Public Works, be deemed to commence from the impannelling of such Grand Jury as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Grand Jury impannelled as aforesaid shall not be competent to receive any Bill of Indictment, or to present any Nuisance or Offence, or to enter upon any Criminal Business whatsoever, or to perform any Functions appertaining to Grand Jurors, other than those relating to Presentments for raising Money or accounting therefor, or Public Works, or the general Fiscal Concerns of the County, until the Judge of Assize shall open the Commission; and the whole of such Fiscal Business shall be concluded by such Grand Jury at or before the opening of such Commission; and all the Presentments for raising Money, or any how respecting Public Works, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Crown at or before such Time, save as herein-after provided; and after opening such Commission with the accustomed Formalities the Judge of Assize shall at the usual Time direct the Grand Jury to attend in Court, and cause to be administered, in Manner and Form heretofore practised according to Law, to each of the Persons composing the same, such Oath as has been or ought to have been heretofore administered to such Persons by such Judge or Justices; and the said Grand Jury shall then and thereupon be and become to all Intents and Purposes fully competent to the Exercise of all Functions of Grand Jurors whatsoever, save the making any Presentment for raising Money, or respecting Public Works, or such other Business of a Fiscal Nature as has been herein-before directed to- be concluded before opening the Commission, or the first Day of such Term, as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Judge, upon a special Application to be to him or them for that Purpose made by the Grand Jury or otherwise, and upon Cause shown for granting the same, to order and direct that the Grand Jury shall and may transact, after and notwithstanding the Commission shall have been opened, any such Matter relating to Presentments for raising or accounting for Money or Public Works, or the Fiscal Concerns of the County, as may be stated in such Application; and by force of such Order such Grand Jury shall be and become competent to transact the same, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and provided further, that it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, at each and every Assizes, to present attoy Time before they are discharged such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered by

Grind Jury not to enter oh Criminal Business until Commission is opened; and the Fiscal Business to be concluded before the opening of the Commission;

except in case of special Application made to Judge of Assise upon Cause shown;

and in presenting for Expences of Witnesses.

696

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Grand Jury to be called over at stated Times by Foreman.

Penalty for Default of Attendance.

Penalty for Neglect of Foreman.

Grand Jury* as

soon os im parallelled, to proceed with Fiscal Business, and to make or refuse Presentments on all Applications approved by Presentment Sessions.

the Court to be paid to Witnesses for their Expences as by this Act herein-after directed.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That each Grand Jury shall, for the whole Period during which they shall sit, be called over each Morning at sitting by the Foreman of such Jury, and at all other Times when the Number of Grand Jurors present shall be less than by Law required for the Performance of the Functions of a Grand Jury; and any Grand Juror who shall make default in his Attendance at any of such Times shall for every such Default incur a Penalty of Forty Shillings, and such Default shall be reported by the Foreman to the Judge of Assize; and unless the same shall be excused on the Ground of Illness, or other good and substantial Reason to the Satisfaction of such Judge, such Fine and Penalty shall be by the said Judge confirmed and declared absolute, and recovered and applied in the same Manner as Fines and Penalties imposed on Jurors for any Defaults or Misbehaviour may now by Law be recovered and applied; and if the Foreman shall fail to call over the Jury at the Times herein-before appointed, or to report the Absence of any Juror upon such Call, he shall incur a Penalty of Ten Pounds for each such Default, to be in like Manner recovered and applied; provided that nothing herein contained shall limit or affect the Authority of any Judge to enforce the Attendance of any Grand Juror as such Judge may now enforce such Attendance.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Grand Jury shall, upon being impannelled and sworn before the Sheriff as aforesaid, forthwith proceed to transact in open Court all such Business relating to Presentments for raising Money, Public Works, Contracts, and the Fiscal Concerns of the County as may be appointed for them, and to consider and decide upon all Applications which shall be made for Presentments as herein-before provided, in the Order in which the same shall be entered in the Schedules thereof to be prepared as aforesaid, beginning with the Applications for Works to be defrayed by the County at large, and examining all Maps, Plans, Estimates, and Specifications relating to each Application; and the said Grand Jury shall be attended by their Secretary, and by the County Surveyor or Surveyors, and shall hear and receive and direct to be read aloud in open Court the several Reports and Certificates of such Surveyor or Surveyors, and shall have Power and Authority, at their Discretion, to receive and obtain all legal and pertinent Evidence which shall be tendered to them for or against the making any Presentment or in anywise relating thereto* or concerning any Public Work or the Execution of the same, if made wholly or in part at the Expence of the County or any Portion of the County, or any Contract of or in respect of any of the Matters aforesaid; and the said Grand Jury shall sift de Die in Diem until all the Business which may come before them of the Nature hereby directed to be despatched before the opening the Commission shall be concluded, or until the Day appointed for opening the Commission, or the first Day of such Term, shall arrive; and if the whole of such Business shall be concluded before such Day, then the said Grand Jury may adjourn to such Day; and every such Grand Juror who shall not attend pursuant to such Adjournment shall be fined by the Judge of Assize for

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

697

such Non-attendance in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Judge.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Com- Grand Jury not mencement of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, malce any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding, to make a Presentment for any Public Work whatsoever, or for Son approved at raising any Money, for which an Application shall not have been Presentment made and approved at Seqpions, either wholly or in part, as Sessions, herein-before provided, save and except such Presentments as may be herein specially excepted, and also save and except such Presentments as may be necessary for the immediate Repairs of sudden Breaches or Damages in Roads, Bridges, Gullets, Walls, or Buildings which have happened so recently as not to admit of the proper Application having been made in manner before provided, which Fact, together with the Necessity for the immediate Execution of such Repairs, shall be proved before the Grand Jury upon Oath; and in such Case, although such Application as aforesaid shall not have been lodged or approved as aforesaid, such Grand Jury shall nevertheless have Power and Authority to present for such Repairs any Sum of Money in such Case necessary, to be paid to the County Surveyor, or to be by him expended, or so much thereof as may be necessary, upon such Repairs, and accounted for at the next Assizes by such Surveyor upon Oath; and the Treasurer of the County shall, out of any Monies in his Hands available to the general Purposes of the County, advance to such Surveyor from Time to Time the Monies, not exceeding the Sum presented for such Repairs, which may be required therefor; and such Monies so advanced shall be replaced by the Monies raised and levied under the Presentment which the Grand Jury have been herein-before authorized to make for such Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant of Appointment Ireland shall from Time to Time appoint a Board of Three Civil of County or Military Engineers to act, without Salary or Emolument, in Survcyor* Dublin, who shall from Time to Time examine into and certify the Qualifications of all Persons desirous to act as Surveyors or Assistant Surveyors under this Act; and such Lord Lieutenant shall appoint from Time to Time, out of the Persons so certified,

One or more Surveyor or Surveyors to act, at the Salary or Salaries herein-after provided, for each County; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant from Time to Time, at his Pleasure, to remove such Surveyors from County to County.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Surveyors already appointed Surrey on* under the Law now in force, or who may hereafter be appointed 10 J *

under this Act, for any County, may be at any Time suspended dumiMed-or dismissed at the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland or by the respective Grand Juries of such Counties; and in such Case, and on every other Vacancy, however occasioned, the said Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall forthwith appoint a Successor from and out of the Persons who shall be from Time to Time certified to be qualified as aforesaid; provided that in case of Surveyors may Indisposition, or other unavoidable Cause, proved on Oath to the appoint Dcpu-Satisfaction of the Grand Jury or any Three Justices of the ties in case of Peace, such Surveyor may depute another Person, duly certified IUness *

as

698

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

A.D. 1836.

Salaries of County Surveyors.

Duties of County Surveyors.

as herein-before mentioned, to act for him, and such Deputy shall be removeable in like Manner as his Principal.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Salary of each Surveyor now appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid shall not exceed Three hundred Pounds per Annum, and such Salary shall, except as herein-after provided, be inclusive of all Charges and Expences which each such Surveyor shall incur, or to which he shall be liable in performance of the several Duties to him prescribed under the Provisions of this Act; and each Grand Jury is hereby authorized and required to fix the Amount of such Salary for its own proper County, not exceeding the Sum herein-before mentioned, and at each Assizes to present a Moiety of the Salary or Salaries of each Surveyor or Surveyors for such County for the Half Year last past, and Payment of the same shall be made accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that in case the Grand Jury at any Assizes shall be of opinion that any Surveyor has been guilty of Neglect of his Duty, or other Misconduct, such Grand Jury shall have Authority to direct the Salary of the Surveyor so neglecting his Duty or misconducting himself to be withheld, and shall report such Neglect or Misconduct to the said Lord Lieutenant of Ireland; and if the said Surveyor shall be, upon such Report, or at any Time in any other Manner or for any other Reason, dismissed from his Office, he shall forfeit, at the Discretion of the Lord Lieutenant, the Whole or any Part of the Arrears of Salary due to him, and the same shall be applicable to the general Purposes of the County, in like Manner as other Monies from Time to Time levied off such County and arising in the Hands of the Treasurer.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as aforesaid shall attend at each Presentment Sessions to be held for the Reception of Applications for Presentments, and shall afford such professional Advice and Assistance in the Consideration thereof as may be required of him, and shall prepare Forms of Tenders and Proposals, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, or Elevations of any Work approved thereat, and shall himself make such Application when necessary as herein-before directed, and shall also attend upon the Grand Jury, and make to them a full and particular Report on all Applications for Presentments lodged with the Secretary as aforesaid, and the Necessity or Utility of the same, and on the Correctness of the Maps, Plans, Specifications, and Estimates prepared as aforesaid, and how far it may be expedient to alter, vary, or modify the Objects stated in such Applications; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, shall also report on all Applications on Part of Contractors, and on the Progress and Execution of all Public Works formerly presented, and on the Performance of all Contracts, and on the State, Repairs, Progress, and Condition of all Buildings, Roads, Bridges, Gullets, Walls, or other Work; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, as the Grand Jury shall direct, shall audit all Accounts of such Works, and ascertain and certify the Correctness thereof, and whether each Contractor is entitled to Payment, and how far, and whether such Contractor has conformed to the Provisions of this Act and the Laws in force in Ireland, and shall also report the Name and Description of all Persons by

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

him prosecuted for any Nuisance or Injury to any Road, or any other Offence of like Nature, and the Result of such Prosecution, and the Proceedings therein, and generally on all Matters and Things relating to the Office of Surveyor, or which may be given to him in charge by the Grand Jury.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That each such Surveyor shall keep an Office open for his regular Attendance on Business in such Place as the Grand Jury shall appoint, and which they are hereby required and empowered to appoint; and each such Surveyor shall employ One fit and competent Person to be a Clerk in his said Office, who shall give regular Attendance in the said Office, and for whose Conduct such Surveyor shall be at all Times responsible; and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized and required to present, over and above the Salary payable to such Surveyor, a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds in each Year, to defray the Expence of such Office and to pay the Salary of such Clerk, a Moiety whereof the said Grand Jury is authorized and required to present at each Assizes for the Half Year last past, and to pay the same to such Surveyor accordingly, subject always to the Provisions hereinbefore contained with respect to the Payment of the Salary of the said Surveyor; and it shall be lawful for every Surveyor to appoint so many Persons as the Grand Jury shall, with reference to the Extent of the County and of the Duties to be performed, think necessary, to be Assistants to such Surveyor; and each of such Assistants shall be paid such Salary, not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, as the Grand Jury shall direct, which shall be presented by the Grand Jury by half-yearly Instalments at each Assizes: Provided always, however, that no Person shall be appointed such Assistant who shall not be certified by the said Board to be a fit and competent Person to discharge the Duties of such Office; and every such Assistant shall obey the Orders of such Surveyor, and be removeable in the same Manner as the Surveyor himself is.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no such Surveyor, or his Clerk or Assistant, shall be eligible or liable to serve or act on any Jury, nor to fill any other County Office whatsoever in any County; nor take or receive any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever from any Contractor or other Person engaged in any Public Work in any County, nor for any Matter or Thing in anywise appertaining to the Duty of such Surveyor, Clerk or Assistant, nor be or become in any Manner directly or indirectly interested in any Contract for the Performance of any Work presented or to be presented by any Grand Jury, on pain of forfeiting his Office, with all Arrears of Salary then due to him; and every such Contract in which such Surveyor, Clerk or Assistant, shall be or become in any Manner directly or indirectly interested shall be absolutely void, and the Surveyor, Clerk or Assistant, so interested, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall sue for the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Grand Jury to appoint a proper Person, duly qualified according to the Laws now in force, to act as their Secretary; and every Secretary of the Grand Jury now appointed, or who shall be appointed hereafter under the Provisions of this Act, shall continue to act as such until he shall be removed by the Grand Jury, or until another

Person

Surveyors shall keep an Office open, and appoint a Clerk.

Surveyor or his Clerk not to fill any other County Office, &c.

Appointment of Secretary of the Grand Jury.

700

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Such Secretary not to be a Clerk of the Peace, Ac.

Penalty on such Secretary for Neglect of Duty.

Grand Juries not to name Persons in Presentments by whom Works are to be executed.

All Works, Printing, &c. to be executed bj Contract.

All Contracts to be by sealed Tenders and Proposals.

No County Officer, &c. eligible to contract.

Person duly qualified shall be in like Manner appointed; and if any Person appointed Secretary shall happen to die, or be unable from Illness to do the Duty, the Clerk of the Peace or his known Deputy is hereby required to act as such until the last Day of the ensuing Assizes, or (in case of the Illness of the Secretary) until such Secretary shall be able to resume his Duty; and for the performing all and singular the Duties of such Secretary such Clerk of the Peace or his said Deputy shall be entitled to receive a rateable Proportion of the Salary of such Secretary for the Time during which he shall have performed such Duties: Provided always, however, that it shall not be lawful to appoint or continue joint Secretaries, or more than One Person as Secretary in any County.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the same Person to be appointed after the passing of this Act Secretary of any Grand Jury and Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Crown, or Treasurer of any County, or Collector of Grand Jury Cess, or Inspector of Gaols; and in case the Secretary of any Grand Jury shall at any Time refuse or neglect to perform any of the Duties imposed upon him by the Provisions of this Act, such Secretary, being convicted thereof before the Judge of Assize, shall for such Refusal or Neglect forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of such Judge, and no Presentment shall be made of any Salary to him.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be lawful for any Grand Jury, in making a Presentment for any Public Work, to name or appoint therein any Person or Persons to execute the same, save and except in case of sudden Damage or Injury under the Provision hereinbefore made in that Behalf; but all Works, save as aforesaid, and save and except in the Case of such Repairs as may be executed pursuant to the Order of Two Justices, as herein-after specially provided for, which shall be presented by any Grand Jury shall be executed and performed by Contract; and all Printing for which any Grand Jury shall be authorized to make Presentment shall also be executed by Contract; and every Contract, whether for any Work, Printing, or other Purpose whatsoever, shall be made by sealed Tenders and Proposals, to be delivered, opened, and dealt with, and Security to be taken, in manner herein-before provided; and no Contract shall be entered into save upon and after Application made and approved at Presentment Sessions; and the Functions of every Grand Jury shall in respect of. all Applications to be made at any Presentment Sessions be limited to the Approval or Rejection of the same as approved or modified by such Sessions, and to the Presentment or annulling thereof accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that no Magistrate of the County or Cess Payer shall undertake or be interested in any Contract under this Act for any Work approved of or applied for at any Sessions at which he shall act or be capable of acting as a Justice or associated Cess Payer, nor shall any County Officer, or any Person in his Employment, undertake or be interested in any Contract under this Act; and provided further, that nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or affect any Contract made or to be made with any Commissioners acting under Authority

701

A.D. 1836. 6U & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.U8.

rity of Parliament in the Loan, Advance, or Grant of Exchequer Bills or Money *

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of each Grand Jury shall provide and keep a Book in which he shall insert an Abstract of all Contracts which now are or hereafter may be entered into by such Grand Jury, setting out the Names of the several Contractors, and the Particulars of each Contract, and in the Case of Roads, for the keeping in repair of which Contracts may be or shall have been made, setting out the Places whence and to which each Road contracted for leads, and at what Milestone, Mearing, or noted Place each Road or Part of a Road under the Charge of such Contractor commences and ends, or the Names of the Occupiers of the Lands where his Contract commences and ends, and the Number of Perches of Road included in each Contract, and the Rate per Perch at which each Contract has been entered into, and the whole annual Sum which each Contractor is to be paid, and the Period for which each Contract is made; and all Contracts so entered in such Book shall be numbered, and every such Book shall have an alphabetical Index referring to the Number of each Contract.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That any Two Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions in any County may, under their Hands and Seals, order any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be expended in repairing any Bridge, or any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to be expended in repairing any public Road, or any Pier or Quay on the Bank of any Navigable Lake or River, now or hereafter to be built by Grand Jury Presentment, which may be suddenly damaged, provided it shall appear, upon the View of both of them, that the Repairs of such Bridge or Road or such Pier or Quay cannot be delayed until the next Assizes without Prejudice to the Public, and that the Necessity of the same shall be notified to them by the County Surveyor; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to appoint a proper Person or Persons to repair the same; and the Grand Jury of any such County is hereby empowered to present at the next Assizes the Sum so expended in repairing any such Bridge or Road which is liable to be repaired by the County at large to be levied on such County at large, and any Sum so expended in repairing any other Road to be levied on the Barony or on the County of the City or Town wherein the same is situate, and any Sum so expended in repairing any such Pier or Quay to be levied on the County at large; and the Sum so presented in the said several Cases shall be paid to the Person or Persons so appointed by such Justices to make such Repairs upon his or their producing such Order under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, and also a Certificate under the Hand of the County Surveyor that the Sum specified in such Order appears to have been faithfully and honestly expended pursuant thereto: Provided always, that the same Justices of the Peace shall not make or sign more than One Order for the Expenditure of any Sum as aforesaid for the Reparation of the like sudden Damage between the Termination of one Assize and the Commencement of another.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Part of any public Road to be widened to any Breadth not more than Fifty Feet in the clear, or to narrow

Secretary to keep m Book containing Abstracts of Contracts.

Any Two Justices may order Sums not exceeding 20/. for repairing sudden Damages to Bridges, and lOt, to Roads, &c.

Presentment for widening or repairing public Roads.

70S

C. 1I0.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Proviso in case of Post Roads.

Presentment for making and repairing Footpaths.

Presentment of Roads, &c. to be repaired by Contract for any Time not exceeding Seven Years.

Levy for Payment.

For removing Doubts as to Contracts made under

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 78.

such Roads as the Surveyor may report to be unnecessarily wide, and to present all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for widening and fencing the same, or for gravelling, macadamising, paving, fencing, repairing, or otherwise improving any Part of any public Road, or for Ming up Grips or Trenches on the Sides of any public Road, and making sufficient Fences instead thereof, or for filling Dikes or Holes on the Sides of any public Road, or for making, widening, or deepening Drains on the Side of any such Road, and carrying off the Water therefrom, to be levied off the Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town where the same shall be situate: Provided always, that when such public Road shall be any Road upon which His Majesty's Mails are or shall be carried in Mail Carriages, one Half of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be presented to be levied off the County and the other Half off any Barony or Baronies in which such Road or any Part thereof is or shall be situate.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at any Assizes to present any Footpath to be made or repaired along the Side of any Road for which they may have Authority to make Presentment, and to present such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for making or repairing the same to be levied either off the County or off the Barony or Baronies in which such Footpath shall be locally situate, according as the Expence of making or repairing such Road shall be presented to be levied off the County or any Barony or Baronies thereof.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present any public Road within such County, or any Part of such public Road, or any Footpath upon the Side of such Road, to be gravelled or repaired with broken Stone, or the Battlements of any Bridge upon such Road to be kept in sufficient Order and Repair, by Contract for any Space of Time not exceeding Seven Years, and also from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Execution of any of the above-mentioned Works, and the Payment of the Person or Persons with whom such Contract for the Execution of the same shall have been made, to be levied or raised off any Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town in which such Road may be locally situate, and when it passes through more than One Barony then proportionately on each Barony: Provided always, that in the Case of any Road upon which His Majesty's Mails are or shall be carried in Mail Carriages One Half of the Expences of such Repairs shall be levied off the County, and the other Half off any Barony or Baronies in which such Road or any Part thereof may be locally situate.

LIII. And whereas certain Contracts for keeping Roads in ' repair have been entered into under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to ' Grand Juries in Ireland; and Doubts have been entertained ' whether such Contracts, being made for a Term longer than One ' Year, are valid; and it is expedient to remove such Doubts be it enacted, That every Contract to keep a Road in repair entered

9 into

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

103

into under the said Act for any Term still unexpired which did not exceed Seven Years shall be deemed to be a valid Contract for the Residue of such Term, and every Security entered into for the due Performance of such Contract shall be binding and valid in Law as fully as if such Contract might have been legally made under the Provisions of the said Act.

LIV. Provided always, That in case it shall appear to the County Surveyor at any Time during the Continuance of any Contract now made or hereafter to be made for keeping any Road in repair that such Road is not in proper Repair, he shall require the Contractor to put the same in repair, and if such Contractor shall neglect to do so within Ten Days after he shall have been so required, such Surveyor shall cause the same to be repaired, and the Expence thereof shall be deducted and repaid out of the Sum which would be payable to such Contractor if the Road had been kept in proper Repair.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any Assizes to present any new Road to be laid out and made of any Width not less than Sixteen Feet nor more than Fifty Feet in the clear, and to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for laying out, or for forming, levelling, and draining, or for gravelling, paving, and making the same, and also for making Fences thereto, to be levied on the Barony or County of a City or County of a Town in which the same shall be situate, and when it passes through more than One Barony then proportionately on each Barony; unless such new Line of Road shall be one upon which it is intended that His Majesty's Mails shall be carried in Mail Carriages, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to present One Half of all such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for any of the Purposes aforesaid to be levied off the County, and the other Half off any Barony or Baronies through which such new Road shall pass: Provided always, that no Presentment shall be made for laying out any such new Road unless together with the Application therefor a Map of such intended new Road has been lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Ten Days at least before the Day for holding the first Presentment Sessions after each Assizes in such County, and that a Notice setting forth that an Application is intended to be made for a Presentment to lay out such new Road (distinguishing the several Townlands and Baronies through which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches in Length through each Townland,) has been personally served upon or left at the House of each Occupier of the Land through which such new Road is intended to be made Fifteen Days at least before the Day of holding such Sessions, nor unless it shall appear that no Part of such new Road is to be made through any Deer Park inclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks, Five Feet high or more, without the Consent of the Owner thereof, and that no Part thereof is to be made through any House entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office belonging to any Person inhabiting a House so built, without the Consent of such Person.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present such Sum or Sums of Money

as

County Surveyor to cause Roads to be repaired in case of Neglect on the Part of Contractor.

Presentment for new Lines of Road to be levied on the Barony;

in case of Post Roads on the County and Barony.

Map of the Line to be lodged with Secretary along with Application.

Service of Notices upon Occupiers of Land.

Presentment for lowering Hills, filling up

* 704

Hollows, building and repairing Bridges, &c. upon public Roads.

Where a River or Road is the Boundary of Two Counties, only One Half the Sum shall be raised off either.

Lftie of new Road may be surveyed upon Certificate of Surveyor allowed by Two Justices.

Penalty for using new Road for certain lime after making.

Presentment of old Roads to be stopped up.

C. 116. 6*. & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

as may be necessary for lowering any Hill or filling up any Hollow* or both, on any public Road, and for making the Road thereon with Stones and Gravel, or for building, rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet built of Stones or Bricks or Wood, under or on any such Road, or filling or gravelling over any such Bridge, Arch, Pipe, or Gullet, or for building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of or to prevent any steep Banks of Earth from falling upon any such Road, or for erecting any Fence, Railing, or Wall for the Protection of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes on the Side of any public Road, to be raised either off the County or off the Barony or Baronies in which the same may be locally situate.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where a River or Stream or where any Road is the Boundary between Two Counties, so as that one Side of such Road shall be in one County and the other Side in another County, it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of either County to present to be raised on either County, or upon any Barony of either County, more than One Half of the Sum required for building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet over such Stream or River, or for repairing, making, or widening any such Road; and no Application for Payment on account of any such Presentment shall be allowed unless an equal Sum shall have been presented to be raised for the said Work on the adjoining County or some Barony thereof.

LV111. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to survey and measure any Line intended for a new Road for which a Presentment is to. be applied for, and for that Purpose to enter in and upon any. Lands or Premises through which such intended Line may pass, provided that such Person or Persons shall be thereunto authorized by a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of the County Surveyor, stating that such Survey, and Entry to make the same, is proper, and that such Certificate shall be allowed by Two Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Lands or Premises may be situate, such Allowance being signified under their Hands by Indorsement upon such Certificate.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon the Application of the County Surveyor, to forbid any Person or Persons from riding or driving any Kind of Beast or Carriage on any new Road for such Space of Time as shall to them appear necessary, not exceeding Six Months, after such new Road shall have been made; and any Person who shall wilfully disobey such Order, the same being duly notified by a Notice affixed to a Board or Boards erected upon such Road* shall be liable to be fined any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each Offence, to be imposed by any Justice of the Peace, on his own View, or on the Evidence of any One competent Witness, and levied off the Goods and Chattels of such Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice.

LX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, after Application made and approved of at the preceding Presentment Sessions, to present any old Rood in such County which may appear to them to be useless to be stopped

up,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

705 '

up, to every which Presentment it shall be lawful for any Person to enter a Traverse at the then or the next Assizes; and if such Traverse shall not be tried within a Year after such Presentment shall be made the Presentment shall stand good and valid to all Intents and Purposes.

LXL 4 And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be ' made for the more speedy and effectual Repair of Roads in Ireland upon which His Majesty's Mails are carried be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting under and in execution of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, upon the Application of His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being, setting forth and describing the Line of any such Road or the Portion of any such Road which may stand in need of repair, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, or Governors of Irelandj to cause such Road or such Portion thereof as shall be described in such Application, and any or every Bridge, Arch, or Pipe, Gullet or Wall thereon, to be put forthwith into good and sufficient Repair accordingly, under the Superintendence of the County Surveyor in every County except the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, and in each of those Counties under the Superintendence of a Surveyor appointed by them; and that upon the Application of the said Commissioners, setting forth what Sum will be requisite and necessary from Time to Time for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to direct by his Warrant that the Sum or Sums of Money so required by the said Commissioners shall be advanced and paid to the said Commissioners out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* to be applied under the Directions of the said Commissioners in manner aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Road or Bridge, or any Portion thereof, not being a Turnpike Road or Bridge, shall be so put in good and sufficient Repair, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, the Secretary to the said Commissioners shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of any and every County within which any such Road or Bridge, or any Portion thereof, shall be situate respectively, a Certificate of the Amount of Money which shall have been so expended upon the Repair of any such Road or Bridge or any Portion thereof, and the other Expences aforesaid, within any and every such County respectively, together with an Account of the Items of such Expenditure, certified by the said County Surveyor or other Person employed, and every such Certificate and Account shall at the next or some succeeding Assizes be laid before the Grand Jury of any and every such County respectively, and thereupon the Grand Jury of any and every such County respectively shall make Presentment of the Amount of such Expences as stated in such Certificate, to be raised off such County at large, Barony or Half Barony, previously chargeable with the Maintenance of such Road or Bridge; and when and so soon as the Sum so to be presented as aforesaid shall be raised and received by the Treasurer of any and every such County respectively, he shall pay over the 6 & 7 Gul. IV. Z z same

Commissioners of Public Work*:, on Application of Postmaster General, and with Consent of Lord Lieutenant, to cause Port Roads to be repaired.

Amount of Money expended in such Repairs to be certified to the Grand Jury of the County, who shall present the same.

706

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Expence of repairing Bridges between Counties to be borue equally.

Proceeding in case of Grand Jury refusing or neglecting to make Presentment.

If Boad repaired is Turnpike, Expences of Repair to be charged on the Tolls.

Receiver of Tolls to be appointed.

same to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, or to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as may be directed by the Vice Treasurer of Ireland, .

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever any Bridge which shall be repaired by the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall be situate partly in one County and partly in another, ' the Expence of repairing such Bridge shall be borne and defrayed equally by such Counties, and the Certificates and Presentments by this Act required shall be framed and made accordingly.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if at any Time hereafter it shall appear from a Memorial signed by Twenty Cess Payers in any Barony that the Grand Jury of any County has twice refused to present for the making or repairing of any Road in such Barony, and that by reason thereof the Inhabitants of such Barony are aggrieved, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to refer such Memorial to the Commissioners of Public Works to examine into the Truth of the Allegations therein contained, and to report thereon, and particularly to report whether it is necessary for the public Convenience that such Road should be repaired or made, and what would be the Expence thereof; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he shall think fit, to refer such Report to the Grand Jury of the County at the next Assizes; and such Grand Jury may thereupon, if they shall think fit, present that such Road shall be made or repaired in such Manner as shall be recommended by the Report of the said Commissioners, and that the Sum necessary for that Purpose shall be raised off the County or any Barony or Baronies thereof in such Proportions as they may think proper; and in case they shall refuse or neglect to make any such Presentment, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct the said Commissioners to cause such Road to be made or repaired, and the Expence thereof shall be certified by them to the Lord Lieutenant, who shall cause such Certificate to be laid before the Grand Jury of the County, and such Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required to present the Amount thereby certified to be levied off the County at large in which such Road may be situated, and to be repaid to such Commissioners by such Instalments as the Lord Lieutenant shall think fit to direct.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Road so repaired, or any Part thereof, shall be a Turnpike Road, the Sum certified to have been expended on the Repair thereof as aforesaid shall become and be a Charge on the Tolls payable on such Road, in preference to and prior to any other Charge thereon, and 'shall be repaid to the said Commissioners or any Person appointed by them out of such Tolls; and every Collector of such Tolls shall, until the Sum so advanced shall be repaid, pay to the said Commissioners all Sums collected by or paid to him for such Tolls; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply in a summary Way, by Petition, to any Court of Equity in Ireland to appoint a Receiver of such Tolls, and such Court shall accordingly appoint such Receiver, on its appearing, by such Certificate or otherwise, that any Part of the Sum advanced for the Repair of such Road is due, and shall continue such Receiver

until

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

707

until by Receipt of such Tolls or otherwise the Sum so due and the full Costs of such Proceedings shall be repaid, after allowing for the necessary Expenditure by the said Commissioners in the meantime in keeping such Road in repair.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, on the Publication of the Ordnance Trigonometrical Survey, to present, for the Maps thereof to be mounted, in Baronies or otherwise, as may by them be deemed best, a Sum not exceeding* the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Thirty-five thousand Acres, to be levied off the County at large; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at the End of every Ten Years from the Date of the Publication of the Ordnance Survey of such County to present a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Fifty thousand Acres, to be levied off the County at large, for obtaining a correct Survey and Map containing all the Alterations made in the Roads of such County since the then last preceding Survey.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present, to be levied off such County, for the Erection of any Pier or Quay, or for the repairing or enlarging of any existing Pier or Quay, on the Banks of any Navigable River or Lake or on the Sea Coast, or for the making or repairing of any Road or Approach to any such Pier or Quay, or for deepening or embanking any such River or Lake, in such County, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, nor exceeding Two Thirds of the whole Sum at which said Work has been contracted for: Provided always, that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be presented for the Erection of any Pier or tjuay, or the making any Roads or Approaches thereunto, until the Person or Persons making Application therefor at the County Presentment Sessions shall have paid into the Hands of the County Treasurer a Sum equal to the One Third Part of the whole Sum at which said Work has been contracted for, and such Payment shall have been certified to the Grand Jury by the said Treasurers Receipt, nor unless the Consent in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of the Owner or Owners in Fee, or of the Person or Persons having a Lease of Lives renewable for ever, or a Term of Years of not less than Ninety-nine to come and unexpired at the Time of making such Presentment, of or in the Lands on which the said Work is to be constructed, shall have been lodged in the Office of the said Treasurer Six clear Days before the Assizes at which the Application for such Presentment is to be considered.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Pier or Quay which has been or may hereafter be built or enlarged by Presentment of any Grand Jury upon any Navigable Lake or River or on the Sea Coast, pursuant to the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament, shall be deemed and become public Property.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised off such County as shall be necessary for building, rebuilding, enlarging, repairing, altering, or fitting up any Court House or {tenons House therein; and whenever any Presentment shall be made for any of such Purposes, or any other

Presentment for obtaining correct Maps of Alterations of County Roods.

Presentment for construct* ing, repairing, &c. Piers and Quays on navigable Lakes or Rivers, and making Approaches, &c.

Such Piers or Quays to become public Property.

Presentments for building, Vcpairing, &c. Court Houses and Sessions Houses.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

C. 116.

Expences may be raised by half-yearly Instalments.

If Sessions are directed to be held in any Place where there may not be a Sessions House, the Surveyor to prepare Specifications, Plans, &c., and submit them to Grand Jury, who may present a Sessions House to be built, and the Expence to be levied off the County,

If no Presentment made Lord Lieutenant to direct Commissioners of Public Works to build Sessions House,

Public Works, and the Sum necessary to be raised for the same shall be greater than it may be proper to levy off such County at one Time, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to present in the first instance the whole Sum required for such Purpose, and to direct in and by such Presentment that the same shall be raised on such County by such half-yearly Sums or Instalments, and in such Proportions, as to such Grand Jury may seem expedient, and the same shall be so raised accordingly: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any subsequent Grand Jury to present that any of the said 'Instalments shall be increased to any Sum that shall be fouiid necessary or proper.

LXX. And be it enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter the Lord Lieutenant shall direct that a Quarter Sessions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof shall be holden for the Despatch of Civil or Criminal Business in any Town or Place in which there may not be a Sessions House, the Surveyor of the County shall, on being required by the Lord Lieutenant so to do, prepare such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Elevations as may be necessary for the Erection of a Sessions House therein, expressing the Nature and probable Expence of the Works and the Materials proper to be employed, and the same shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, who shall lay the samej together with a "Copy of the Warrant of file Lord Lieutenant, before the Grand Jury at the Assizes next after the Time at which he shall receive the same, and the Grand Jury shall examine such Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Elevations, and such others as may be laid before them, and either adopt the same or make such Alterations therein as they may think proper, or reject the same, and shall present that a proper and sufficient Sessions House shall be provided or built in such Town or Place within the Period of One Year from such Assizes, and that a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds shall be levied off the County, for that Purpose at one Time or by Instalments to be completed within the Period of Five Years, and the Surveyor shall thereupon prepare a proper Form of Tender for the Execution of such Work, and shall deliver the same to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, who shall lay the same, together with the Presentment, and the Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Elevations, as approved of by the Grand Jury, before the next Presentment Sessions holden for the County at large, who shall direct within what Period before the Day to which such Sessions may be adjourned Tenders for the Execution of the Works shall be received; and any Tenders that shall be made for the Execution of such Works shall be opened at the first Adjournment of such Sessions, and dealt with in all respects in like Manner as any other Tender for a Work approved of and presented is: Provided always, that if such Presentment shall not be made, and a valid Contract for executing such Work shall not be entered into, within the Period of Two Months from the Assizes at which such Warrant shall have been laid before the Grand Jury, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to build or provide such Sessions House, and on the Production to the Grand Jury at any Assizes of the Certificate of the Secretary of such

Com-

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1I6.

709

Commissioners that a Sura not exceeding the Sura of One thousand Pounds has been expended in building such Sessions House and purchasing a Site for the same, or for either of such Purposes, the Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required to present the Sum so certified to be levied off such County in one Payment, and to be paid to the Secretary of the said Commissioners in satisfaction of the Sum so expended: Provided further, that in case the said Commissioners of Public Works shall find it convenient to take a Lease of any Premises for the Purpose of building such Sessions House thereon, they shall be at liberty to do so, and to engage to pay an annual or other Rent for the same, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum, and the Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to present a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rent to be levied off the County and paid in discharge of the same.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to advertise in the public Newspapers for Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Elevations from professional Architects for the Erection, Alteration, and Repair of such Buildings as may be required for the public Use of the County, and to present a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds as Remuneration to the Architect whose Plans shall be approved of, and to employ such Architect should they judge it necessary in superintending the Work to be executed pursuant to his Plan, on such Terms as may be determined by the Grand Jury.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Presentment shall be or has been made for the Purpose of building a new or enlarging any Court House or Sessions House in and for any County, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County to authorize such Commissioners as such Grand Jury shall appoint to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic, for the Purchase or renting of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments convenient for the Site of any new Court House or Sessions House, or adjoining to any old Court or Sessions House, and convenient for the Purpose of enlarging the same or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging; and the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so contracted or agreed for shall be demised or conveyed to such Commissioners, and to their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and such Commissioners shall be appointed, and such Demise or Conveyance made, in such Manner and under such and the like Rules and Regulations as are prescribed in an Act made in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, with respect to the Appointment of Commissioners and the demising and conveying of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to such Commissioners under that Act: Provided always, that in case such Commissioners shall be unable to agree with the Owners of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments proper or necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of any such Presentment, and if the Grand Jury by which such Presentment shall have been made or any subsequent Grand Jury shall direct that the same be purchased or rented by and under the Valuation of a Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and

Grand Juries may advertise for Specifications, &c.

Presentment for Purchase of Sites for Court Houses and Sessions Houses.

Lands purchased to be conveyed to Commissioners.

7G. 4. c. 74.

When Purchases are directed to be made tinder Valuation of a Jury, Commissioners may issue their

710

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6-

Warrant to

the Sheriff, and the same Proceedings shall take place as directed by recited Act.

Presentment for Rents of Court and Sessions Houses.

Court House for County at large built within a County of a City, &c. to be deemed Part of the County at large.

Commissioners may sell old Court Houses.

for the Commissioners appointed &9 aforesaid, or any Three ot more of them, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His Jate Majesty's Reign, and thereupon such and the like Proceedings shall and may be had and taken for summoning, impannelling, and swearing Juries, and valuing the Premises so directed to be purchased or rented, and each and every Part thereof respectively, and for obtaining the full Possession and Seisin thereof and a good Title thereto in the said Commissioners, and with and subject to all the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Jurisdictions, as in the said Act provided concerning any Premises to he purchased by such Valuation under the aforesaid Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and the said Commissioners shall in that Behalf have, possess, and exercise all and every the like Powers and Authorities as by the said Act are granted to and vested in the Commissioners therein mentioned; and it shall be lawful for any such or any subsequent Grand Jury to present the Sum so agreed upon or fixed as the Purchase Money of such Premises, and the Costs attending such Purchase, to be levied off such County, either at one Time or by half-yearly Instalments, in such Manner as they may think proper, and such Presentment may he made without any previous Application to any Presentment Sessions.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, and they are hereby required, to present at each Assizes, without previous Application at Presentment Sessions, to he raised upon such County, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for paying such Rent or Rents of any Court House or Sessions House, or their Appurtenances respectively, as now are or shall at any Time hereafter be payable for the same.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Court House of or for any County at large shall have been built or enlarged pursuant to the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament, then if such Court House or the Additions so then made thereto shall be within a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Assizes or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such County have usually sat or been held, every such Court House which shall have been so built or enlarged, and all Additions so thereto made and Appurtenances therewith occupied, shall he deemed and taken to he Part and Parcel of the County at large for which the same shall have been so built or enlarged as aforesaid: Provided always, that whenever such Tenement shall cease to be a Court House, whether by reason of the building a new Court House or otherwise, then and from thenceforward such House and the Site and Appurtenances thereof shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County of the City or County of the Town within which the same shall be so locally situate.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid by any Grand Jury of any County to sell and dispose or to authorize the Sale and Disposal of any old Court House or Sessions House belonging to such County in which the Assizes or Sessions for such County have been discontinued or ceased to be held, together with the Ground

or

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

711

or Site on which the same is built, according to the Title or Interest which such County may have in the same, and also to sell and dispose of or to authorize the Sale and Disposal of all or any Part of the Materials of which such old Court House or Sessions House may be composed, and the Money arising therefrom shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of such County to the Credit of such County, and applied to defray the Purchase Money of any Premises required for the Erection of any new Court House, or to the Erection of such new Court House, or such other Purposes as any other Public Money raised off such County and coming to the Hands of such Treasurer may be applied.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at any Assizes, without any previous Application to Presentment Sessions, to present, to be levied off such County, such reasonable Sum or Sums as they shall think proper for providing Fuel or Light for each and every or any Court House or Sessions House in or belonging to such County; provided that no Sum so presented shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County until the Person to whom any such Sum so to be presented for Fuel shall be payable under such Presentment shall produce to such Treasurer an Affidavit, sworn by him before the Foreman of the Grand Jury at the last Assizes for such County, stating that the Sum required to be paid hath been duly expended in the Purchase of Fuel for the Use of such Court House or Sessions House pursuant to such Presentment, and that the whole of such Fuel hath been consumed in the said Court House or Sessions House, and for the Use and Benefit thereof, or if any Part of Such Fuel shall not have been consumed stating how much thereof has been consumed, and that the Residue then remains in safe Keeping, to be applied to the Use of the said Court House or Sessions House in like Manner.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present, for each of the Places wherein Petty Sessions shall be appointed to be held, an annual Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be raised off such County, for the Rent of a Room or Rooms for the holding of Petty or Special Sessions thereat, and of a Lock-up Room or House, provided that such Room or Rooms shall not be in a House where spirituous or fermented Liquors are sold, nor in any Police Barrack, nor in any other Building maintained either wholly or in part at the public Expence; and provided that whenever a public Court House shall have been built and provided at any Place so appointed no such Presentment shall be made, but the Petty and Special Sessions shall be holden in such public Court House, and not elsewhere: Provided also, that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the County Presentment Sessions, where Application shall be made for such Rent, that Six Meetings of Justices during the Six Months immediately preceding such Application shall have been held in such Room or Rooms.

LXXVIII. And whereas Leases have been made from Time ' to Time of Premises for the Purpose of erecting Court Houses thereon, and for other public Purposes, and it may be expedient

to surrender such Leases and thereby relieve the County from the Payment of an annual Rent; be it therefore enacted, That

Proceeds to be applied to County Purposes.

Presentment for Fuel for Court House.

Presentment for Rent of Petty Sessions Room.

Grand Juries may present for Sums not exceeding 1,000l. to be paid as Consideration

for Surrenders of Leases.

Presentment for Session House Keepers and Interpret* ers.

Presentment for Gallows, Milestones, &c.

Presentment for Support of Fever Hos-]>itals ami Dispensaries established by Subscription.

it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury, without any previous Application to a Presenting Session, to present that any Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds shall be raised off any County, and paid to the Lessor in any Lease of Premises held for any public Purposes, or the Representatives of such Lessor, as a Consideration for accepting a Surrender of such Lease.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present, without any previous Application at Sessions, to be levied off such County, any Sum not exceeding Four Pounds at each Assizes as a Salary of Payment for the Keeper of any Sessions House belonging to such County where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace are held, and any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at each Assizes for an Interpreter at such Assizes, if such Payment shall be recommended by the Court.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury as aforesaid to present, to be raised off the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money for making or repairing a Gallows, or for Bolts and Shackles, not exceeding in the whole in any One Year the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and also for erecting or repairing Direction Posts, Milestones, Mile-posts, or Depdts for Materials, not exceeding One Pound for each Direction Post) Milestone, Mile-post, or Depdt.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Fever Hospital or Dispensary for the Purpose of furnishing Medicine and affording Medical and Surgical Aid to the Poor of any City, Town, or Place in any County is now or shall be hereafter established in such County by private Subscriptions or Donations, and a Certificate of the Sum or Sums of Money actually received by the Treasurer of Such Fever Hospital or Dispensary from private Subscription or Donation since the last Application to Presentment Sessions, or since the Establishment of such Fever Hospital or Dispensary, and a Statement of the Number of Persons admitted or relieved, together with an Account of the Receipt and Disbursement of all Monies raised by virtue of any Presentment for such Fever Hospital or Dispensary, as well as of all Monies actually received from private Subscription or Donation for the Use of such Fever Hospital or Dispensary since the Date of such last Application or Establishment, shall have been laid before the Presentment Sessions ensuing the Disbursement thereof, and such Certificate and Account, verified upon the Oath of such Treasurer, shall, together with the Application for a Presentment for such Fever Hospital or Dispensary, have been allowed and approved of at such Sessions, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County at any Assizes, and they are hereby required, to present, to be raised off such County, in case of a Fever Hospital, a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount, and, in the Case of a Dispensary, a Sum equal to the Amount of such private Subscriptions or Donations so received, to be paid to the Treasurer of such Fever Hospital or Dispensary, and applied (under the Direction of the Subscribers of any annual Sum of not less than One Guinea* or such Committee of them, not fewer in Number than Five, as they shall appoint for that Purpose at any General Meeting of such Subscribers) , together with the Monies received by private

Subscription

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

713

Subscription and Donation, in fitting up and supporting such Fever Hospital or Dispensary, and in providing Medicine and Medical and Surgical Aid for the Poor of such Place and its Neighbourhood: Provided always, that when any Fever Hospital shall be attached to any Dispensary, the Treasurer of the same shall separate the Accounts of the Receipts and Expenditure of .each such Fever Hospital and Dispensary, and the Application for Presentments for each shall be separate and distinct; and provided also, that no such Presentment shall be made unless it shall appear by the Certificate of such Treasurer, verified as aforesaid, that the Medical Attendant, if appointed after the passing of this Act, resided since the Creation of such Dispensary or Hospital, or since the last Assizes (as the Case may be) , at or within Five Statute Miles of such Dispensary or Hospital; and provided also, that no such Presentment shall be made in case it shall appear that the Salary of the Medical Attendant during the last Year amounted to One Half of the Sum to which the Subscriptions, Donations, and the Sum presented would amount.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear, by Statement on Oath to the Grand Jury of any County, that there has been actually received iVom private Subscriptions or Donations any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of erecting any House to be applied to the Reception of Fever Patients, and either connected with any Local Dispensary or not, as the Case may happen, and upon a Certificate by One or more Physicians that there is a Necessity for providing Accommodation for such Patients, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury, and they are hereby required, to present, to be raised off such County, any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums so raised by Donation or Subscription, and actually received by the Treasurer, to be applied, together with the Monies so received by private Donation or Subscription, in erecting such House for Fever Patients, in such Manner as the Subscribers of any Sum not less than One Guinea, or such Committee of them not fewer than Five as thfey shall appoint for that Purpose at any General Meeting of such Subscribers, shall in their Discretion deem most advisable: Provided always, that the Affidavit and Certificate herein mentioned shall, together with the Application for such Presentment, have also been laid before the Presentment Sessions and approved thereat: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the County of Cork and County of the City of Cork respectively, if they shall think proper, to present for the Support and Maintenance of the Fever Hospital or House of Industry or Lunatic Asylum in the City or County of Cork at any Assizes any Sum not exceeding the Sum presented for the Support or Maintenance of such Establishments respectively at any Assizes during the last Five Years.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That where any Fever Hospital has been or shall be established in and for any County it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County to present such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds at each Assizes, as shall appear to be necessary for the Support of any such County Fever Ho9pital, and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, and levied and applied

accordingly:

Accounts of Hospital and Dispensary to be separate.

Presentment for Erection of Fever Hospitals not to exceed Double the Amount of private Subscriptions.

Presentment for Support of County Fever Hospitals.

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18&

Account of Receipt and Expenditure to be laid before Sessions.

Presentment

for building or repairing County Fever Hospital;

to be raised by Instalments ilk Six Years.

Presentment being certified to Lord Lieutenant, he may direct Advance of Money.

Treasurer to repay Money so advanced.

Presentment for the Maintenance of a bounty Infir-'*7-

accordingly: Provided always, that an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of such Fever Hospital, from the Time of its Establishment to the Time of the first Presentment required, and afterwards from the Time of each Presentment required till the Time when any further Presentment is required, shall, together with an Application for the Sum so proposed to be presented, be laid before the Presentment Sessions to be holden under this Act for the Purpose of considering Applications for Presentments, and that such Account and Application shall be approved at such Sessions.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of any County in which a Fever Hospital shall not have been erected before the passing of this Act, or in which it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Grand Jury that any Fever Hospital requires to be enlarged, repaired, or rebuilt, to present at any Assizes for such County any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of erecting, establishing, hiring, repairing, and fitting up One Fever Hospital in any such County in which no such Hospital shall have been previously established, or for the Purpose of enlarging, repairing, or rebuilding any Fever Hospital which shall have been previously established, and to set forth in such Presentment that the Sum therein mentioned shah be raised and levied within the Period of Six Years by half-yearly or yearly Instalments; and also to set forth in such Presentment wh&t Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies in any such County, or on the County at large; and that the Treasurer of any such County shall from Time to Time, without further Authority or Presentment in that Behalf, insert in his Warrant at each Assizes the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented, and the same shall be raised and levied in like Manner from Time to Time, and with the like Remedy in case of Nonpayment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied; and when and so soon as such Presentment shall have been duly certified by the acting Clerk of the Crown to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lord Lieutenant to direct the Amount of such Sum of Money so presented, or any Part thereof, to be advanced out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland to the Treasurer of such County, to be applied for the Purposes for which such Presentment shall have been made under such Rules and Regulations as to such Lord Lieutenant shall seem fitting and expedient; and such Money so advanced and paid by such Treasurer shall be accounted for by him in like Manner as any other Monies received by him for the Use of such County, and all Securities given by him or in his Behalf shall extend to such Money; and such Treasurer shall from Time to Time pay to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct all such Sums as shall from Time to Time be received by him from the baronial or other Collectors by virtue of the Presentment on account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced shall be repaid.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at each Assizes to present to be raised off such County (whether there be or be not any special Provision

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

715

vision in any Act of Parliament relative thereto) a Sam not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of such County, and applied to the Support and Maintenance of such Infirmary: Provided always, that, together with an Application for such Presentment, a Certificate under the Hand of the Physician or Surgeon of such Infirmary, stating the Number and Names of Patients, as well extern as intern, received and relieved since the preceding Application, and also a true Debtor and Creditor Account of the Funds and Expences thereof, commencing from the Time of the preceding Application, attested by the Signature of the Treasurer of such Infirmary, shall have been laid before the Presentment Sessions, and that such Application and Account shall have been approved of thereat

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Presentment for the Grand Jury of any County to present at each Assizes any for Salary of Sum not exceeding Forty-seven Pounds, to be raised off such County, and paid to the Surgeon or Surgeons of the Infirmary n r* thereof: Provided always, that no such Presentment shall be made unless, together with an Application therefor, a Certificate signed by the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital, or by Five of them at the least, shall be laid before the Presentment Sessions, which Certificate shall state that the Surgeon or Surgeons for whom such Sum is requested to be presented hath or have resided at or within One Mile of such Infirmary, and duly and faithfully executed his or their Duty as Surgeon of such Infirmary or Hospital, and diligently complied with the Rules and Regulations of the Governors of such Infirmary, since the Date of the last Application, nor unless a true Copy (certified under the Hand of the Treasurer of such Infirmary or Hospital) of the Letters Testimonial from the College of Surgeons in Ireland, by Law required to be obtained by every such Surgeon, shall be laid before the Special Sessions next after his Appointment to his Office, nor unless such Surgeon shall have given his Attendance and Professional Assistance, without any other or further Fee or Reward, to the Prisoners and others in the Gaol of the County to the Infirmary of which he has been appointed Surgeon, if such Gaol is situate within Five Miles of such Infirmary; and provided also, that no Surgeon or Medical Attendant hereafter appointed shall be qualified to act as Surgeon of any Irffirmary or Dispensary until he shall have signed and deposited with the Secretary of the Grand Jury a Declaration in the Form in the Schedule (R.) to this Act annexed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, by himself, his Friends or Agents, directly or indirectly give or promise to give any Money, or any Security for Money, or other Consideration, to any Person or Persons in order to procure the Appointment to the Office of Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Secretary of the Grand Jury, Surveyor, or any other Office or Employment in this Act mentioned, or in order to procure the Resignation of any Person or Persons holding such Office, or in order to influence the Votes of the Persons who may have the Appointment to such Office, he shall be incapable of holding any such Office or Employment, and shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum of One hundred Pounds

to

Penalty for giving or pro. mi ting any Money, &c. to obtain the Appointment to any Office or Employment under this Act.

C. 110.

6° & .7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Persons appointed to Office to subscribe a Declaration at the next Assises, which shall be preserved.

Presentment for the Support of Houses of Industry.

11 & 12G. 3.

a-)

Presentment for Support of Lunatic Wards in Houses of Industry.

Presentment to repay Advances by Order of Lord Lieutenant to defray Expences of a Board of Health.

Presentment for erecting, &c. District

to any Person who will sue for the same, and such Sum may be recovered by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister, or by Action in any of the Superior Courts; and every Person appointed to any of such Offices at any Time after the passing of this Act shall, at the Assizes next after his Appointment, subscribe in open Court before the Foreman of the Grand Jury and deliver to him. a Declaration in the Form in the Schedule (T.) to this Act annexed, and the same shall be preserved by the Clerk of the Crown among the Records of the County, and no Presentment shall be made for any Salary to any such Officer until he shall have so subscribed and delivered such Declaration.

LXXXVIII. And be if enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at any Assizes to present, to be raised off such County, any Sum not less than Four hundred Pounds and not exceeding One thousand Pounds in the Year for the Support of any House of Industry in such County established under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for bodging such Poor as shall be found unable to support themselves by Labour, and otherwise providing for them, and for restrainitig suck as shall be found able to support themselves by Labour or Industry from begging; which Sum when so raised shall be paid to the Corporation of such House of Industry, and applied by the said Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of the same accordingly: Provided always, that, together with an Application for such Presentment, a Debtor and Creditor Account of the Funds and Expences of such House of Industry from the Time of the last Application shall have been laid before the County Presentment Sessions and approved thereat.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That where a Lunatic Asylum or any Ward or Wards for the Reception and Support of Idiots and Insane Persons is connected with or under the Direction of any House of Industry in any County, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any Summer Assizes to present such Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds as shall appear to be necessary for the Support of such Asylum or Ward .connected with such House of Industry, and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, and levied and applied accordingly.

XC. And be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall at any Time have ordered any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund for the Payment of the Expences incurred by any Commissioners appointed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to form a Board of Health in any City, Town, or District, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which such Expence shall be or have been incurred, and they are hereby required, to present, without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, all Sums so advanced to be raised off such County: Provided always, however, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think fit, to direct that such Sum shall be repaid by such Instalments as they may think proper.

XCI. And be it enacted, That at any Time after any Older in Council shall be made by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, under

8 and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

717

and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland, or any Act or Acts amending the same, and after such Order shall have been published in the Dublin Gazette, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County within any District appointed under the said recited Act to present at any Assizes such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised off such County as shall be requisite for defraying the Expences of erecting and establishing an Asylum for the Lunatic Poor for such District, or any Proportion thereof, ascertained by any Order made by the said Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

XCII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, within any District for which a Lunatic Asylum is now or shall at any Time hereafter be built and established under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act, to present at each Assizes, to be levied off such County, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Expences of supporting, supplying, and maintaining any such Asylum, or the Officers thereof, or the Patients therein, or any Proportion of such Expences, ascertained by Order of the said Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, shall, under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act or any Act amending the same, have ordered and directed any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced, issued, and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland for the Purpose of erecting and establishing, opening, carrying on, maintaining, or supporting any such Asylum, the Grand Jury of every County within the District in and for which such Asylum shall be erected and established shall and they are hereby required (after any such Asylum shall be fit for the Reception of such Lunatic Poor) to present at each Assizes, without any previous Application at Presentment Sessions, such Sum or Sums of Money to be levied off such County as shall be necessary for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums so advanced, or any Part thereof, at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be directed and ascertained by any Order or Orders to be made by such Lord Lieutenant in Council as aforesaid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case when the Commissioners appointed for general Control and Correspondence, and for the superintending and directing the Erection, Establishment, and Regulation of District Lunatic Asylums, shall have rented or purchased any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on the Site or Sites of which it shall be proposed to erect or maintain any such Asylum, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in or for which wholly or in part any such Asylum hath been or shall be established, and such Grand Jury are hereby required, at the Assizes next ensuing the Day or Time when such Purchase shall be made or such Rent shall become due, or as soon after as shall be requisite, and so

from

Lunatic Asylums.

1 & 2 G.4. c.S3.

Presentment for Support of ' District Lunatic Asylums.

Presentment for repaying Advances from Consolidated Fund for erecting and supporting any District Lunatic Asylum.

Presentment for Purchase Money and Rents of Sites of Lunatio Asylums.

718

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

8o much of the AflCof 7Gv3L a* relates to the Erection of an Infirmary at Donegal repealed.

The Lord Lieutenant may direct it to be removed.

Presentment for building, &c. Diocesan Schools and Schoolhouses.

53 G. 3. c. 107.

Presentment for Coroners.

from Time to Time whenever the Case shall happen, to present, without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, to be levied off such County, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall be directed to present by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council as aforesaid for the Purpose of completing such Purchase or paying such Rent or Rents.

XCV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third it was enacted, that the Infirmary for the County of Donegal should be erected at Lifford, 4 which is now found to be an inconvenient Situation be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Erection of said Infirmary shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, upon a Memorial being presented from Two Thirds of the Grand Jury of the County of Donegal, praying for the Removal of the Infirmary of said County to some other convenient Place, to order and direct that said Infirmary be removed accordingly, and that the Grand Jury of the County of Donegal shall and may thereupon present such Sums as shall be necessary for the aforesaid Purpose.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which any Diocesan School or District School or the Site appointed for the same shall be situate to present, to be levied off such County, any Sum or Sums which they shall think proper for purchasing, providing, building, or repairing any such Schoolhouse or a Dwelling House for the Master thereof, or any of the Offices or Appurtenances properly belonging to such Schoolhouse or Dwelling House, or for purchasing or procuring a Site for the same, not exceeding the Quantity of Two Plantation Acres: Provided always, that whenever any Grand Jury shall make such Presentment for any Schoolhouse or Dwelling House as and for the Schoolhouse of the Diocese only within which such County shall be situate, or as and for the Dwelling House of the Schoolmaster of such Diocesan School only, such Diocese shall not be or remain united to or with any other Diocese under any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the severed endowed Schools of public and private Foundations in Ireland, but such Diocesan School shall be supported within its proper Diocese only, and the Money raised in such Diocese shall be applied solely and entirely to the Use of such Diocesan School, and not to any District School or other School out of such Diocese.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at each Assizes to present any Sum not exceeding in the whole a Sum after the Rate of Thirty Pounds for each and every Coroner in such County, according to the Schedule (S.) hereunto annexed, to be levied off such County or any Barony therein as such Grand Jury shall think advisable, and such Grand Jury shall apportion the whole of such Sum so presented among the several Coroners of such County according to the Number of Inquests which may appear to have been respec-

9 tively

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

719

lively held upon the Body of any Person by each of such Coroners since the Date of the last Application for a Presentment; and such Sums shall be paid by the Treasurer to the Coroners respectively who shall have held such Inquests and for whom such Sums shall have been presented: Provided always, that no Coroner shall receive more than at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Inquest so held by him.

XCVIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment for any such Remuneration to any such Coroner unless, together with the Application for the same at the County Presentment Sessions, there be laid before such Sessions a Certificate of each Inquest respectively taken by such Coroner, made and signed by such Coroner in the Form following:

f A.B, a Coroner in the County [County of a City or County of a Town] of do hereby certify, That on the Day of I held an Inquest

on the Body of C. 2). at in this County [or

4 County of a City or County of a Town], and that the Names of the Jurors impannelled on such Inquest were as follows:

c

And that the Names of the Witnesses

examined before such Jurors were as follows:

was

All which I certify. 4 of

And that the Verdict of such Jury Dated this Day

4 A*B.,

4 Coroner of this County [County of a City or County of a Town] of /

And it shall be lawful for such Sessions or the Grand Jury, in case they shall so think fit, to examine any such Coroner upon Oath as to the Truth of any such Certificate.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Coroner before whom any Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or other Person practising Medicine or Surgery, shall, in obedience to a Summons from such Coroner, attend and be examined as a Witness at any Inquest relative to the Death of any Person, to grant such Witness an Order, signed by such Coroner, upon the Treasurer of the County wherein such Inquest shall be held, for such Sum not exceeding Three Pounds as to such Coroner shall seem fit, and the Amount of all such Payments shall be presented by the Grand Jury to be raised off the County at large, or any Barony thereof, in like Manner as the Sum presented for the Inquest whereat such Party may have attended; provided always, that the Coroner shall certify to the Presentment Sessions of the Barony in which the Inquest was held the Amount and Particulars of all such Sums so by him ordered to be paid, and that such Payment shall have been approved thereat, but not otherwise.

C. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Money to be paid to any Coroner who shall appear to them to have been guilty of Neglect of Duty in not attending to take any Inquest or otherwise, nor in

any

No Coroner to receive more than at the Rate of 21. for each Inquest.

Certificate of Coroner in Form following to be laid before Sessions.

Coroner may be examined upon Oath.

Presentment for Medical Witnesses examined on Inquests.

No Presentment for Coroner guilty of Neglect of Duty.

C. 116.

6'° & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 186.

Presentment of Money for Constabulary

Force.

54 G.3. c. 131.

9G.4.C. 103.

Presentment for Constables superannuated for Wounds, &e.

5 G. 4. c. 28.

any Case to present any Money for the Remuneration of any Coroner for or in respect of any Inquest other than such as shall have been held since the Date of the Application for the last Presentment.

Cl. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County at each Assizes, and they are hereby required, to present, to be levied off such County, or off any Barony or Half Barony (as the Case may be) , all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as may be chargeable upon and directed to be presented and levied off such County, Barony, or Half Barony, by and under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in certain Cases, or any Act amending the same, or an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George thd Fourth, intituled An Act for the Appointment of Constables, and to secure the effectual Performance of the Duties of their Office, and for the Appointment of Magistrates, in certain Cases, or any Act amending the same, or any Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland; and every such Presentment shall be made without any previous Application to Presentment Sessions, and in all respects pursuant to the Regulations of the said Acts, or such of them as may be applicable to the Case; and the Money levied under every such Presentment shall be paid over in such Manner and to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, save and except in the Case of the Superannuations here in-after and by the said Acts or any of them directed to be paid to the Parties entitled to the same.

CIL. And be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall, under and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland, or under the Provisions of any other Act, have ordered any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid and advanced out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, arising in Ireland, as an annual Remuneration or Superannuation to any Chief Constable, Constable, or Sub-Constable disabled by any Maim, Wound, or Hurt, or other grievous Injury, received by him in the Execution or Performance of the Duty of his Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County for which or for any Barony whereof such Constable shall have been appointed, or the Grand Jury of the County in which such Chief or other Constable may have been maimed, wounded, or hurt, in case the Lord Lieutenant shall direct that such County shall bear the Charge, and such Grand Jury is hereby required, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant for the Time being, or of the Under Secretary, of the Amount of the Sum or Sums so paid and advanced out of the Consolidated Fund for the Superannuation of such Constables, to present (without previous Application to Presentment

Sessions)

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

721

Sessions) Ond Moiety of such Sum or Sums so paid, advanced, and certified as aforesaid, to be levied off such County or Barony; and the same when levied shall be paid over in such Manner and to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of. them shall direct.

CIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County, and they are hereby required, to present (without previous Application to Presentment Sessions) such yearly Allowance, Superannuation, Compensation, Gratuity, or Remuneration as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall order, or at any Time have ordered, to be paid by such County, or such Proportion thereof as he or they shall direct or have directed to be paid, to any Magistrate, Inspector, Deputy Inspector, Co-Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief Constable, Constable, or Sub-Constable who has been or shall hereafter be superannuated by virtue of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may be passed in this present Session of Parliament, authorizing such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to grant such Superannuation, and such Allowance, Superannuation, Compensation, Gratuity, or Remuneration shall be presented in equal Moieties, One at each Assizes during the Life of each Person so entitled thereto, on Proof to the Grand Jury from Time to Time that such Person is living, and, when raised, such Money shall be paid to each such Person by the County Treasurer.

CIV. And be it enacted, That when in any County any Special Constables shall have been appointed by virtue of an Act of the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace, and the Justices of the Peace of such County, acting at a Special Sessions held for that Purpose, or the major Part of them, shall, in pursuance of the Powers given to them by the said Act, have made any Order or Orders upon the County Treasurer for the Payment to such Special Constables of a reasonable Allowance for their Trouble and Loss of Time, or to defray Expences incurred in providing Staves or other necessary Articles for such Special Constables, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, and such Grand Jury is hereby required, to present, (without previous Application to Presentment Sessions,) to be raised off such County or any Barony thereof within which such Special Constables may have served, the Amount of all Sums paid by the County Treasurer pursuant to such Order or Orders.

CV. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall have been tried for any Felony whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person shall have been tried, in case it shall appear that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, to order the Treasurer of the County in which the Offence shall have been or shall have been alleged to have been committed to pay to the Prosecutor, upon his Application, such Sum of Money as to such Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the Court that such Prosecutor may have bona fide incurred in carrying on such Prosecution; and in 6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 A case

Presentment for Constables superannuated for Age or Infirmity.

Presentment for Expences of Special Constables.

2 & 3 W. 4. C. 108.

Presentment for Expences of Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony.

722

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Presentment for Compensation to Persons maimed, and to Representatives of Persons murdered, in certain Cases.

case such Prosecutor shall appear to the Court to be in poor Circumstances, such Court may make a further reasonable Allowance to such Prosecutor for Trouble and Loss of Time, which Order the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace respectively is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Prosecutor without Fee or Reward; and when any Person shall appear on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence as to any Felony whatsoever, whether the Prosecution of such Felony be commenced or carried on by or under the Direction of any Law' Officer of the Crown or any other Person, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Person shall appear, whether any Bill of Indictment be preferred or not to any Grand Jury, in case such Person shall bona fide have attended in obedience to such Recognizance or Subpoena, to order the Treasurer of the County in which the Offence shall have been or shall have been supposed to have been committed to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money as shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear that such Person has bona fide incurred by reason of the said Recognizance or Subpoena; and in case such Person shall appear to be in poor Circumstances such Court may make a further reasonable Allowance to such Person for Trouble and Loss of Time, which Order the Cleric of the Crown or the Clerk of the Peace respectively is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Person; and such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, out of any Public Money in his Hands, forthwith to pay to any such Prosecutor or Witness respectively, or to any Person by him or her authorized, any such Sum of Money so ordered, and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and the Grand Jury of such County shall at each Assizes present all Sums so paid to such Prosecutors and Witnesses respectively, to be raised either off the County at large or upon any Barony thereof, as to such Grand Jury shall seem fit; and such Presentment may be made without any previous Application to Presentment Sessions *

CVI. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear that any Person having given Information or Evidence against any Person or Persons charged with any Offence against the Public Peace shall have been murdered or maimed previous to the Trial of the Person or Persons accused by such Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any such Evidence given, or that any Magistrate or other Peace Officer shall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions, as such Magistrate or Peace Officer, to bring Disturbers of the Public Peace to Justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County within which such Murder or Maiming shall have been committed respectively to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think just and reasonable to be paid to the Personal Representative of such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer so murdered, or to such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer so maimed, having Regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation, and Circumstances of such Witness, Magistrate, or Peace Officer, such Money to be raised off the County at large or the Barony in which such Murder or Maiming shall respectively have been perpetrated, at the Discretion of such Grand Jury.

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

723

CVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County at any Assizes, if they shall think fit, to present, without any previous Application at Sessions, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and every Person who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Person guilty of any Murder, and any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every Person who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Person guilty of any other Capital Felony or Misdemeanor for which any Person on Conviction may be liable to be transported; such Sum or Sums to be raised off such County or any Barony thereof as such Grand Jury shall think proper, and to be paid to any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Offenders as aforesaid; and such Presentment may be made during the Time appointed for transacting the Criminal Business of such County.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That the Grand Jury of any County where any Offence shall have been committed shall present, to be levied off such County, the Expences attending the Removal thereto of any Prisoner apprehended according to Law in any other Part of the United Kingdom; provided that, with an Application by the Treasurer of the County to the next County Presentment Sessions after such Expences shall have been repaid by him, there shall be laid by such Treasurer before such Sessions the Account or Accounts of such Expences, verified as by Law required, upon which he shall have repaid the same, and that such Application and Account shall be approved at such Sessions.

CIX. And be it enacted, That where, after the passing of this Act, any Child under the Age of Two Years shall be left exposed and deserted in any Parish in Ireland, and an Application shall have been made by any Two Cess Payers, with the Approval of Two or more Justices at Petty Sessions assembled, and such Application shall likewise have been approved at the Presentment Sessions for the Barony in which such Parish shall be situate, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County to present, to f be levied off such Parish, or any Portion thereof, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds in the Year for the Maintenance of such Child, and such Sum so levied shall be paid to the Cess Payers making such Application or such other Person or Persons as the Grand Jury shall direct, to be by them applied for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Baronial Presentment Sessions shall not approve of any such Application, or the Grand Jury of such County shall refuse or neglect to make such Presentment, it shall be lawful for the Judge of Assize, upon the Complaint of such Cess Payers, to order such Sum as he shall think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be raised upon such Parish or Portion thereof (in the same Manner as any Money presented by Grand Juries) for the Support of such Child; and provided further, that in no Case shall any Sum be presented for the Support of any such Child after it shall have attained the Age of Twelve Years.

CX. And be it enacted, That all County Treasurers, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, Secretaries to Grand Juries, Sheriffs, Medical Officers of Prisons, and all other Officers and Persons mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked (S.) to

3 A 2 this

Presentment for Rewards to Prosecutors of Felons.

Presentment for Expence of removing Offenders.

Presentment for Maintenance of deserted Children.

If Application is disallowed, the Judge may order a Sum in certain Cases.

Presentments for Salaries of County Officers, &c.

124,

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

[Proviso.]

No Presentment to be Hated without certain Certificates.

Affidavit of Emoluments to be made by Clerk of the Crown and Clerk of the Peace.

Further Presentment for Clerk of the Crown and other Officers in certain Cases.

this Act annexed, shall from and after the passing of this Act be paid and remunerated for their respective Duties, Services, and Expences by annual Salaries only, payable half-yearly at each Assizes by equal Moieties, and not exceeding the Amount mentioned in the said Schedule; and the Grand Jury at any Assizes shall and may present (without previous Application to Presentment Sessions) for each such Officer, to be raised off the County at large, the Moiety of such annual Salary: Provided always, that in case of any negligent or insufficient Discharge of Duty by any such Officer or Officers, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury, with the express Sanction of the Court, but not otherwise, to present any Sum or Sums less in the whole than the Moiety of the annual Salary by this Act specified to be paid to any such Officer or Officers, or to withhold and refuse to make any Presentment whatever for any such Officer or Officers; and that such Officer shall not be entitled to receive any Payment for any Service or Duty performed at an adjourned Assizes.

CXI. And be it enacted, That no Presentment for any Salary to any Treasurer of any County shall be hated by any Court or Judge unless there shall be previously produced to such Court or Judge by the acting Clerk of the Crown either a Certificate signed by the proper Officer of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland stating that such Treasurer has duly given and entered into the Recognizances now required of him by Law, and that such Recognizances have been duly deposited and entered or recorded in such Court, and the Dates thereof and the Names of the respective Sureties therein, and the Sums for which such Sureties were severally bound, or else a Certificate signed by the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery that such Sum of Money as shall be equal to the Amount of Security required to be given by such Treasurer has been duly invested as by Law required, and a Certificate or Receipt that he has duly paid all Instalments to the Public Boards which have been presented at the previous Assizes, and that his Accounts have been duly audited by the Grand Jury.

CXII. And be it enacted, That before any Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to receive such Salary as is hereby provided he shall at each Assizes lay before the Grand Jury an Account, verified on Oath and sworn and read in open Court, setting forth the total Amount of his Fees and other Emoluments, and distinguishing the several Sums paid and received under each separate Head of Service, and the Rates of Fees or Remunerations received on each; and it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to present to be paid to any Clerk of the Peace, unless it shall appear to them that he has given Security by Recognizance in the Sum of One thousand Pounds for the due and faithful Execution of his Office of Clerk of the Peace, and that such Recognizances have been duly deposited or recorded.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That in any County wherein a Special Commission shall be held for the Trial of Offenders the Grand Jury at the Assizes next immediately ensuing shall and may (without previous Application to Presentment Sessions) make a further Presentment for the Clerks of the Crown, Sheriffs and Judge's Crier, not exceeding One Fourth of their annual Salary, subject nevertheless to the like Direction as herein-before given

to

A.D. 1836.

C-116.

725

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

to any Grand Jury in case of Neglect or insufficient Discharge of Duty by any Officer.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That the Presentments to be made under this Act for the Secretaries to the several Grand Juries shall be in full Acquittance of all Demands to be made by such Secretaries for Stationery, which such Secretaries shall be bound to fundsh to- the several Grand Juries without further Charge, not however including the Expence of Printing herein specially provided for.

CXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury at each Assizes, and they are hereby required, to present all such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and printing all such Registry Books and Lists of registered Voters as are or shall be required to be provided and printed by the several Acts now in force for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in Ireland, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall have contracted-for supplying and printing such Books or Lists.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, and they are hereby required, to present, to be raised off such County, the Expence of providing and transmitting such Copies of the Imperial Standard Weights and Measures, and the Stamps to be used by the Inspectors of Weights and Measures, and such Remunerations to Inspectors, as they are respectively directed to provide and transmit under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof

CXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present, to be levied off such County, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary or shall have been expended for or in suing any Treasurer, High Constable, or Collector of any Public Money, or any of their Sureties, Executors, or Administrators, for any Misconduct, Breach of Duty, or Nonpayment, or for recovering any Public Money from any Treasurer, High Constable, or Collector, or their Sureties, Executors, or Administrators, or for suing any Contractor under this Act, or under any Act in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, his Sureties, Executors, or Administrators, for any Breach of Contract; provided that no such Presentment shall be made, unless, together with the Application therefor at Presentment Sessions, there shall have been laid before such Sessions a Bill, duly taxed and certified by the proper Taxing Officer, of the Costs incurred for any of the Purposes aforesaid for which such Presentment shall be required, nor unless it shall be proved that such Costs could not be recovered from the Person sued, or any other Person liable to pay the same, and that the Proceeding was instituted by the Direction of a Grand Jury.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given to him by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to

3 A 3 make

Presentments for Secretaries to include Stationery.

Presentment for Expence of Registry Books and Lists of Voters.

Presentment for Copies of Weights and Measures, and for Stamps, and Remuneration of Inspectors.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 63.

Presentment for Expences of suing Treasurers and Contractors, &c.

Taxed Bill of Costs to be laid before Sessions.

Presentment for Salary and Expences of Commissioners of Valuation and

720

C. 1I6.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Allowances of Valuators.

7 G. 4. c. 62.

Presentment for Trackways on Banks of Navi, gable Rivers.

Owners of Ferries may erect Bridges and take Tolls, on certain Conditions.

Grand Jury may present for the Purchase of the Property

make Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes, and Divisions respectively, and any Act amending the same, or any Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament consolidating or amending such Acts, shall have ordered and directed any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, for the defraying of the Salary or the travelling or other Expences of any Commissioner of Valuation, or for defraying the Allowances of any Valuators appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any and every County in which such Commissioner and such Valuators shall be employed, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Production of the Certificate of the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, or of the Under Secretary, of the Amount of Money advanced and paid as aforesaid, to present (without previous Application to Presentment Sessions) , to be levied off their respective Counties or any Barony or Baronies therein, the Amount of the Sum or Sums stated in such Certificate, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Lord Lieutenant shall direct; and when and so soon as the Sum or Sums so to be presented as aforesaid shall be raised and received by the Treasurer of any County, such Treasurer shall pay over the same in such Manner and to such Bank or Person as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

CXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County to present at any Assizes such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary to repair or widen to any Width not exceeding Fifteen Feet any Towing Path and Trackway on the Bank of any Navigable River on which Boats have been accustomed to be towed by Horses, to be levied off the Barony or Baronies in which such Towing Path and Trackway are locally situate: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the repairing or widening of the Towing Paths or Trackways of Canals or Rivers whereon Tolls are paid or payable.

CXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who now have or hereafter shall have any Ferry over a River (except in Cities and Towns Corporate) to erect and support a Bridge at his or their own Expence over such River in the Place of such Ferry, and to take and receive for passing such Bridge such Toll, and no more, as they are entitled to receive for passing such Ferry, so as that such Bridge shall not obstruct the Navigation of such River; and that such Tolls shall be recoverable in the like Manner, and under such Penalties for refusing or evading to pay the same, by any Justice of the Peace, as is prescribed by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the building a Bridge over the River Loughfoyle in the City of Londonderry and the Suburbs thereof, and that it shall! be lawful for any Grand Jury, upon an Application made and approved of in manner by this Act directed, to make Presentment 14 for

C. 116.

727

for the Purchase of the Properties in any such Bridges or Ferries, in order to open the same, free of Tolls, for the Benefit of the Public.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That at any Time after the completing and opening of any Bridge built in pursuance of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be pond for passing the same, in certain Cases, and of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, amending the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County in which such Bridge shall be situate, or if situate in Two Counties, then for the Grand Juries of such Counties, to redeem the Tolls payable under the said Acts to the Owner or Owners of the said Tolls, by paying in one Sum to such Owner or Owners the original Sum expended in building such Bridge, with any Deficiency of Interest which may arise, In case by the Perception of the said Tolls the said Owner or Owners shall not have received, above all necessary Costs and Charges of Repair and Collection of the said Tolls, the legal Interest at the least for the Money originally expended in building and erecting such Bridge; and on such Payment of the original Sum so expended, and of such Deficiency, if any there shall be, then the said Tolls shall cease, and the Passage of such Bridge shall be open and free to all Cattle, Carriages, and Persons whatsoever; and such Grand Jury is hereby empowered, upon an Application made and approved of in manner by this Act directed, to raise by Presentment, to be levied off the County at large, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to defray the Expences of redeeming such Tolls in manner aforesaid, such Sum or Sums to be paid to the Owner or Owners of such Tolls.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to limit or affect the Power or Duties of any Grand Jury to make any Presentment which they are authorized or required to make, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually providing for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland; provided that no previous Applicar tion or Approval at Presentment Sessions under the Provisions of this Act shall be necessary to authorize any such Presentment

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall limit or affect the Authority of Grand Juries to make Presentment for clearing, sinking, embanking, or altering the Course of any River or Stream pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers; provided that an Application for such Presentment, in the Form prescribed by the said recited Act, shall have been previously made and approved, in the Manner herein-before appointed, at the Presentment Sessions holden for the Barony where the Work to which such Application may refer shall be locally situate.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to limit or affect the Powers, Duties, or Authorites

in such Bridges, to open them Toll-free.

Power for Grand Juries to redeem Tolls payable on certain Bridges. 19 & 20G.S.

Presentment of Sums necessary to redeem.

Not to affect the Power to make Presentments for erecting of certain Bridges;

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 61.

nor for clearing Rivers if previously applied for and approved at Baronial Presentment Sessions.

1&2 W. 4. C. 57.

Powers reserved to Grand Juries to make

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

refitments under Prison Act.

7 G. 4. c. 74.

Grand Jury may superannuate Keepers, Turnkeys, or Matrons, on certain Recommendations and Certificates.

Presentment for such Superannuation.

Not to exceed Two Thirds of former Salary.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 24.

rities of Grand Juries to make any Presentments which they are authorized or required to make under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment under the Provisions of the said recited Act for any Salary or Compensation to any Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron of any Gaol, Penitentiary, Bridewell, or House of Correction, or for building, rebuilding, altering, enlarging, or repairing any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, (except in the Case of Repairs made under the Provisions of the said recited Act, in consequence of any Fire or other sudden Accident which may happen to any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison,) unless Application for such Presentment shall have been made and approved at Presentment Sessions in the Manner herein-before directed and provided: Provided also, that all Contracts which any Grand Jury is authorized to make or enter into under the Provisions of the said recited Act shall be made by sealed Tenders and Proposals, to be delivered, opened, and dealt with, and Security to be taken, in like Manner as herein-before provided with respect to other Contracts for Public Works, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no such Contract shall be entered into, nor any Presentment made thereupon, save upon and after an Application made and approved at Presentment Sessions as herein-before directed.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawftil for the Grand Jury of any County, upon the Recommendation of the Inspectors General of Prisons, or One of them, supported by a Presentment of the Presentment Sessions of the County at large, and by the Certificate of the Board of Superintendence of any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, and by such other Certificates as such Lord Lieutenant shall require or direct, that any Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron of such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, is incapable, from Age or Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties of his or her Office, to order that such Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such yearly Allowance or Superannuation as to such Grand Jury shall seem fitting and proper; and thereupon such Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron shall cease to hold his or her Office; and the yearly Sum to which he or she shall become entitled shall be presented by the Grand Jury of the County in which such Gaol or other Prison shall be situate, in equal Moieties, one at each Assizes, during the Life of the Person so superannuated, on its being proved to the Satisfaction of such Grand Jury that such Person is living: Provided always, that no such Superannuation Allowance for any such Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron shall in any Case exceed Two Thirds of the annual Salary to which such Person shall be entitled at the Time of his or her Superannuation, nor the Proportions with reference to the Amount of the Salary of any such Keeper, Turnkey, or Matron, and the Periods of their Services respectively, which by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws

13 for

729

for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, anrf Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service, are directed to be observed.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall limit or affect the Powers, Duties, or Authorities of Grand Juries to make Presentments for any Public Work or for the raising of any Public Money for which they are now or hereafter may be authorized or required to make Presentment by virtue and pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, or any other Act amending or altering the same; and wherever in and by the said recited or other Act Grand Juries are empowered to make Presentments in order to obtain Advances, Loans, or Grants from the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited or other Act for the Purpose of any Public Work which under the Laws in force at the Time of the passing of such Act it was competent for Grand Juries to present, they are hereby authorized and empowered to make similar Presentments in all respects and for like Purposes for any Public Work which they are under the Provisions of this Act authorized to present, and such Presentments when made shall be dealt with by the said Commissioners in all respects as the Presentments which Grand Juries were empowered to make in order to obtain Advances, Loans, or Grants under the Provisions of the said recited Act: Provided always, that no Presentation shall be made for the Purpose of obtaining any Grant, Loan, or Advance of Money from the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited or other Act, unless an Application shall have been duly made and approved at the proper Presentment Sessions in the Manner hereinbefore appointed; and all Works so applied for (except in the Case of Works to be constructed or executed under the Direction of or by Persons in the Employment of the said Commissioners) shall be executed by Contract made upon sealed Tenders and Proposals in the Manner herein-before prescribed with respect to other Public Works to be executed by Grand Jury Presentments; and in all other respects the said recited Act or Acts, and all Powers, Authorities, Conditions, Clauses, and Regulations therein contained, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That on the Face of every Presentment for the levying of any Public Money whatsoever, the Year of the King's Reign, and the Chapter and Section of the Act of Parliament (as printed by the King's Printer) under which such Presentment is authorized to be made and Gated, shall be inserted; and every such Presentment shall be entered in the County Book and in all the Schedules of Presentment, with a marginal Note of such Acts in manner aforesaid; and the Title of the Act so referred to shall be inserted at the End of all such Schedules, in default of which it shall not be lawful to present for printing the same; and all Presentments not made according to the Directions foregoing shall be null and void.

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in Cases where the Cost of executing any Public Work shall exceed Twenty Pounds it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury, at the Time of presenting for the Work,

to

Powers reserved to Grand Juries to present for Advances, &c. from Commissioners of Public Works.

l&2W\4. c.S3.

Application to be made at Sessions.

All Presentments shall contain a Reference to the Chapter and Section of the Act under which they are made, &c.

Advances may be made to Contractors in certain Cases not

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

exceeding Three Fourths of the Cost of the Work.

Contractors liable to be summoned before Justices at Petty Sessions for Wages.

Contractors to procure Certificate from County Surveyor of the Completion of their Work, and lodge Notice with Secretary of Grand Jury of Application for Payment.

Secretary to lay Notices, &c. before Presentment Sessions.

to authorise the Treasurer of the County, from and out of any Funds in his Hands applicable to the Purpose, to advance from Time to Time during the Execution of the Work to the Contractor, upon his Application, any Sum not exceeding in the whole Three Fourths of the Cost of such Work; provided, that no such Advances shall be made by such Treasurer unless such Application shall be accompanied by a Certificate attached thereto, and signed by the County Surveyor, that more than the Sum applied for by such Contractor, in addition to any previous Advances made by him for such Work, has been fairly and honestly expended upon it conformably to the Contract.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Contractors under this Act shall be liable to be summoned before the Justices assembled at any Petty Sessions on Complaint of the Party aggrieved for Recovery of any Wages or Money payable to any Person employed by them in the Execution of such Works, so as the Sum demanded do not exceed Six Pounds; and such Justices assembled as aforesaid are hereby authorized and required to hear such Complaint and adjudicate thereon; and it shall be no Defence to such Complaint that such Contractor has not himself received any Payment upon Foot of his Contract; and the Decision of such Justices shall be final; and the Sum adjudged to be due shall be levied by Warrant of Distress, under Hand and Seal of any Two such Justices, off the Goods and Chattels of such Contractor.

CXXX. And be it enacted, That every Person who may contract for the Execution of any Work under this Act shall, on the Completion of the Work for which he may have contracted, or whensoever by the Terms of such Contract he may be entitled to Payment, give Notice to the Surveyor of the County, Ten Days at the least before the Day appointed for the holding of the first Presentment Sessions in the County after every Assizes or Presenting Term, of his Intention to make Application as herein-after provided, and require of such Surveyor a Certificate of the due Execution of such Work or Performance of such Contract; and such Contractor shall lodge with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, within the Period herein-before limited for the Lodgment of Notices of Applications for Presentments for Public Works, a Notice of his Intention to apply for Payment of the Sum contracted for by him, together with such Certificates to be obtained from the said Surveyor; and the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall arrange in like Manner as he has been herein-before directed to arrange Applications for Presentments all such Notices and Certificates, and annex to each the Number by which the Contract in respect whereof such Notice or Certificate may be given is distinguished in the Book of Abstracts which such Secretary has been herein-before directed to keep, and indorse on such Notice and Certificate the Date of the Lodgment of the same; and such Secretary shall lay all such Notices and Certificates, with an Abstract thereof and Index thereto, before the Presentment Sessions to be holden for the Barony or One of the Baronies, or the County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Work shall have been executed; and the Justices and Cess Payers at such Sessions shall examine into all such Applications for Payment on the Part of such Contractors, and inspect the Notices thereof and the Certificates aforesaid, and examine the

Surveyor

731

Surveyor or Surveyors, and all other Persons whom they may think it necessary to examine for the Purpose of ascertaining the due Execution of the Work or Matter contracted for, and shall therein have and exercise all such Powers and Authorities as in the Case of Applications for Presentments, and in like Manner determine and decide upon all such Applications for Payment by Majority of Votes; and the Chairman at such Sessions shall on every Application which may be approved indorse the Word " Allowed," and on every Application which shall not be approved he shall indorse the Word " Disallowed," and the Reason of such Disallowance, and a Note of or Reference to the Particulars of the Execution of the Work which may have caused such Disallowance; and all such Applications, with the Notices and Certificates thereto belonging, shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be laid before them at the next ensuing Assizes, and such Grand Jury shall take such Applications as have been approved into consideration, and allow or disallow the same according to their Discretion; but it shall not be lawful for such Grand Jury or for the Court to allow any Application which shall not have been approved of at such Sessions; and no such Contractor shall be entitled to Payment who shall not have given such Notice and made such Application, nor unless such Application shall have been approved and allowed as aforesaid; any thing in any Contract contained, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXI. Provided, and be it enacted, That every Person who may contract with any Grand Jury for any County Printing shall, instead of the Certificate of the County Surveyor, obtain a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, the Secretary of the Grand Jury, and the County Treasurer, of the proper Execution of such Printing for their respective Offices, and the Performance of such Contract; and such Person shall lodge such Certificate, and apply for Payment of the Sum contracted for by him, in all respects as herein-before provided as to Contracts for Public Works, provided that such Application may be made by himself alone.

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of any County to pay any Money which may be applied for by any Contractor or other Person, the Application wherefor has been traversed, unless such Traverse shall be withdrawn, or Judgment given for the Defendant on the Trial thereof.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person paying Grand Jury Cess for any County to traverse any Presentment made under this Act by the Grand Jury of any such County, and also to traverse the Application of such Contractor under this Act for Payment, on the Ground of such Contractor not having complied with the Terms of his Agreement or with the Provisions of this Act; and the Court at each Assizes is hereby authorized and required to try the Truth of the Fact by a Jury in the same Manner as any Traverse within the Jurisdiction of the Court ought to be tried; and it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace to take any Fee for or in respect of such Traverse, and Costs shall be paid by the Party against whom such Traverse shall be found; provided that although there shall be a Verdict against such Traverse, yet if the Court shall be of opinion that there was reasonable and probable Ground for traversing

Such Applications to be dealt with in like Manner as Applications for Presentments;

and allowed or disallowed by Grand Jury at their Discretion.

[Proviso.]

Contractors for Printing to obtain Certificate of Clerk of the Peace, &c.

Treasurer not to pay if Applies tion traversed.

All Presentments and Applications by Contractors for Payment liable to Traverse.

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Notice of Traverse to be given.

Traverses of Presentments for Damages.

Presentment of Sums found by Jury.

Compensation for malicious Injury.

Notice of Injury to be given within Six Days to Churchwardens, &c.

versing such Presentment or the Application of such Contractor, the Costs shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County from and out of the County Monies in his Hands, and the Grand Jury shall present the same without previous Application to Presentment Sessions: Provided always, that every Person intending to traverse any Presentment or Payment for which it is by this Act required that Application shall be made at the Presentment Sessions, shall give Notice in Writing of such Intention to the Secretary of the Grand Jury within Two Days after the first Day of such Sessions, and the same or any other Presentment shall be traversed only at the Assizes at which the Presentment shall be made or Payment required.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Occupier or Owner of the Ground through which any new Road is to be made or into which any old Road is to be widened to traverse the Presentment for the same for Damages at such Assizes as aforesaid, having given like Notice to the Chairman of the Presenting Sessions and to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, previous to the Commencement of such Assizes, of the Amount of Damage intended to be claimed, which Traverse or Traverses shall be tried then or at the ensuing Assizes, upon the Entry in the Crown Book of the Presentment and Traverse, without marking up any Record; and the Jury which shall try such Traverse shall be sworn true Verdict to give whether any and what Damages will occur thereby to the Traverser, taking into consideration any collateral Advantages which may result or accrue to such Traverser by reason thereof, and making Abatement accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury to present, without previous Application at Presentment Sessions, such Sum or Sums of Money so found for Damages, to be raised off the County or off the Barony respectively in which the Traverser shall have made it appear that he or she sustained the Damages, and to such latter Presentment no Traverse shall be allowed or received; and upon the Damages so found being presented for the Use of such Traverser, or deposited for his or their Use with the Treasurer of the County, it shall be lawful for the Contractor to proceed in the Execution of the Presentment without the Interruption of any Person.

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all Cases of maliciously or wantonly setting fire to, burning, or destroying any House, Outhouse, or other Building, or any Haggard, Corn, Hay, Straw, or Turf, or of maliciously setting fire to, burning, or sinking any Boat or Barge laden with Corn or other Provisions, or of maliciously killing, mkiming, houghing, or injuring any Horse, Mule, Ass, or Swine, or any homed Cattle or Sheep, or of maliciously damaging, injuring, or destroying any Bank, Gate, Lock, Weir, Sluice, Bridge, Dam, or other Work belonging to any Person, Public Canal or Navigation, any Person or Persons injured by any such Offence, and intending to apply for Compensation for any Loss or Damage sustained thereby, shall serve Notice in Writing of such Injury and of such his or their Intention upon the High Constable of the Barony and the Churchwardens of the Parish, and at the nearest Police Station, or, if there be no Churchwarden, upon Two of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish wherein such Offence shall have been committed,

within

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

733

within Six Days at least after the Commission of the same, and shall lodge with the High Constable or Secretary of the Grand Jury, in like Manner and Time as Applications for Presentments for Public Works are herein-before directed to be lodged, an Application setting forth the Loss or Damage occasioned by such Offence, and stating the Time and Place when and where such Injury was done, the particular Property consumed, injured, or destroyed, and the Amount of Damage thereby sustained, and by what Number of Persons, and whom, by Name and Description, such Injury was done, if such Offender or Offenders shall be known, and if not, stating such Particulars respecting such Offender or Offenders as may be known; and like Notices shall be posted of such Application as herein-before prescribed in Cases of other Applications to Presentment Sessions; and such Application shall be scheduled by the Secretary of the Grand Jury, and by him dealt with in all respects as other Applications under this Act; and the Presentment Sessions shall examine into the serving and posting the Notices of such Application, and into the Merits of the same, and the Chairman shalTTndorse their Opinion thereupon, and such Secretary shall deliver such Application so indorsed to the Grand Jury at the next Assizes; and the said Grand Jury shall during the Time appointed for transacting the Fiscal Business of the County examine into the Matter of such Application upon the Oath of the Party injured, or such other Evidence as can be produced touching the said Offence; and the said Grand Jury shall on the Consideration of the said Matter either disallow such Application altogether, or present such Sum or Sums of Money as the Person or Persons so injured ought to receive for such Injury or Damage, to be levied off the County at large, or such Barony, Parish, District, Townland, or Sub-denomination thereof, as the Grand Jury shall direct

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Application under this Act for Compensation for Loss or Damage occasioned by any malicious Injury as aforesaid shall be made at the next Presentment Sessions which shall be holden after the Commission of such Offence for the Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town where the same shall have been committed, unless any such malicious Injury shall have been done after the Day appointed for holding the first Presentment Sessions after the Assizes for the County in which such Injury shall have been done, or so near the Day of holding the same that such Application for Compensation cannot be duly lodged as herein-before directed, in either of which Cases the Person or Persons so injured shall make such Application at the Presentment Sessions which shall be holden next but one after the Time of the Commission of such Offence for the Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town where the same shall have been committed, and the Notices of such Application shall be posted accordingly; and it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment for Compensation for malicious Injury under the Provisions of this Act, except at the Assizes next ensuing to the Sessions where Application shall have been made therefor.

CXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall, under the Provisions of this Act, apply for Compensation for any Loss or Damage occasioned by malicious Injury as aforesaid, shall within Three Days after the

Commission

Application to Sessions;

to be laid before Grand Jury with Opinion of Sessions indorsed, and Presentment made or refused, &c.

Applications when and where to be made.

Persons injured to give in Examinations upon Oath before a Justice within

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Three Days after Offence committed.

When Presentment is opposed or Application disallowed, a Jury may be sworn to try the Matter.

Their Verdict to be final. Costs.

No Presentment for Compensation to be removed by Certiorari, nor Traverse allowed.

No Action or Suit in Cases provided for by this Act.

Commission of the said Injury, unless prevented by Hlnem or other sufficient Cause, give in his, her, or their Examination upon Oath, or that Examination upon Oath shall be given by his, her, or their Servant or Servants who had the Care of his, her, or their Property so injured, before some Justice of the Peace of the County where such Injury shall have been committed, thereby specifying whether he, she, or they do know the Person or Perons who committed the said Injury, or any of them, and in such Case such Examinant or Examinants shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders by Indictment or otherwise according to the Laws of this Kingdom.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all such Applications whatsoever for Compensation for Loss or Damage sustained by malicious Injury shall be laid by the acting Clerk of the Crown before the Judge of Assize upon his Arrival; and in case any Person paying Grand Jury Cess for the County or Barony chargeable with the Sum presented by the Grand Jury upon any such Application shall be desirous of opposing any such Presentment, or in case any Person whose Application for Compensation shall have been disallowed by the Grand Jury shall wish to have his or their Application reconsidered, such Cess Payer or Person or Persons applying for Compensation shall be heard; and in either of such Cases the Judge, if he shall so think fit, shall direct a Jury to be forthwith impannelled to try the Matter of such Presentment or Application respectively, and according as the Issue shall be found for or against such Cess Payer, the Judge shall discharge, alter, or fiat such Presentment; and in case of Application disallowed, if the Issue shall be found for the Person or Persons applying for Compensation, the Judge shall direct the Grand Jury to make Presentment thereupon accordingly, otherwise such Application shall be discharged; and all Verdicts of Juries impannelled as aforesaid to try any such Issues shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whatsoever; and it shall be lawful for the said Judge to award by Rule for that Purpose Costs to the Parties for whom the Issue shall be found against the other Party or Parties respectively in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and the said Judge is hereby empowered to direct and issue forthwith an Order or Orders in the Nature of Execution against such last-mentioned Party or Parties respectively, which said Order or Orders the Sheriff of such County is hereby required to execute in the same Manner as in Cases of Executions against the Chattels and Effects of Defendants.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Presentment for Compensation for Loss or Damage as aforesaid shall at any Time be removed by Certiorari; nor shall any such Presentment be at any Time quashed for any Informality, Imperfection, or Defect in Form whatsoever; and no Traverse save as aforesaid shall be allowed or received to any such Presentment; nor shall any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any Satisfaction or Damages sustained by reason of any Injury, for which the Person or Perons injured thereby may be entitled to apply for Compensation under the Provisions of this Act, be brought or prosecuted against any Chief or other Magistrate, or any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, any Act or Acts

now

73b

A.D. 1836. 60 & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

now or heretofore in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such burning or other malicious Injury as aforesaid shall be committed on the Verge or within the Distance of One Mile of the Boundary of any Two or more Counties, the Person or Persons who shall sustain such Injury may apply for Compensation, in the Manner herein-before directed, in either or any one of such neighbouring Counties; and all Proceedings shall be taken thereupon as herein-before provided with respect to other Applications for Damages for malicious Injury; and in case any Sum or Sums of Money shall be presented by the Grand Jury of the County where such Application shall be made, or shall be finally awarded by the Verdict of any Jury, as and for Compensation to the Person or Persons applying as aforesaid, the Judge at the Assizes of such County shall have Power and Authority to apportion the Amount of such Compensation amongst such neighbouring Counties, and shall direct the Proportion of the same which shall be paid by them respectively, and shall certify the same accordingly; and such Presentment shall thereupon be diminished, or Presentment made, according to the Proportion which the said Judge shall direct to be paid by such County; and the Grand Jury or Grand Juries of the said other neighbouring County or Counties respectively shall and they are hereby required, on the Production of the Certificate of such Judge declaring the Proportion to be paid by such County or Counties, to present such Proportion when the same shall exceed One hundred Pounds to be raised off the County at large, and if such Proportion shall be under One hundred Pounds to be raised off the Barony or Baronies in or near to which such Injury shall be alleged to be committed, and paid to the Person or Persons so applying, as the Case may require.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee shall be demanded from or paid by any such Cess Payer or Person applying to the Clerk of the Crown, Judge's Crier, or Jury, for any Matter or Thing relating to any such Application, Presentment, or Trial.

CXLII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown of every County in Ireland shall, within Seven Days after every Assizes, deliver to the Treasurer of such County, without a Fee or Reward, a Copy, attested upon Oath and signed by himself, of all Presentments which shall have been made and fiated at the preceding Assizes, and likewise Copies of all Queries discharged and remaining undischarged, distinguishing the same; and such Treasurer shall, within Thirty Days after the Receipt thereof, cause a Number of Copies of such Presentments and Queries, and also a detailed Abstract of his Accounts, to be printed and distributed as the Grand Jury shall direct; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Assizes to present, to be levied off the County, such Sum as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence of printing and distributing such Copies, and also to present all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of printing the Treasurers Account, and all Copies of Schedules of Applications, and other Printing required under the Provisions of this Act, or which may be ordered by the Judge of

Assize,

Mode of obtaining Compensation for Injury committed near Boundaries of Counties.

No Fees to be taken.

Clerk of the Crown to deliver Copies of Presentments, &c. to County Treasurer;

to be printed and distributed.

Presentment for printing Schedules, &c.

736

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Imperative Presentment* to be printed separately.

Copies of all Presentments made to be laid before Parliament.

Power to represent Arrears to be levied as Sums originally presented.

Surplus Monies applicable to general Purposes of County.

Affidavit of Arrears before Re-presentment.

Assize, or Grand Jury or Presentment Sessions, for any County Purpose.

CXLIII. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of each Grand Jury, in the Preparation of all printed Lists of Presentments granted by such Grand Jury, shall place in a separate Page of such Lists the several Sums of Money which shall have been presented by such Grand Jury under the Laws now in force, under which it is imperative on such Grand Jury to make Presentments for various Public Services; and the Amount of all Sums in such Lists shall be totted up at the Foot of each Column.

CXLIV. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County in Ireland shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December in each and every Year, cause a true Copy, signed by himself, of all Presentments which shall have been made by the Grand Jury and fiated by the Court at any Assizes or Presenting Term in such Year for the County whereof he is Treasurer to be forwarded to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, to be by him laid before Parliament; and in case any Treasurer of any County shall neglect to make such Return as aforesaid he shall forfeit his Office.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury to represent any such Sums of Money as now are or at any Time hereafter shall be unpaid or in arrear out of any Denomination, Barony, or County of a City or Town, to be raised and levied on such Denomination, Barony, County of a City or Town, upon which the same was originally required by the Treasurer s Warrant to be levied; and to present all such Sums of Money which have hitherto been or which shall at any Time hereafter remain unpaid on account of the absconding or Insolvency of any County Treasurer, Collector, or other Person empowered to receive or collect Public Money, who is or shall be insolvent, to be raised and levied either upon the County or upon the Barony in which the same was before levied, as they shall think fit, which Sums shall be levied in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and Powers, as any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act is to be subject; and in case any Money so detained or secreted by any Collector, Treasurer, or other Person empowered to collect or receive Public Money shall be thereafter recovered, it shall be paid to the then Treasurer; and such Money so paid, and any Balance, Arrears of, or Surplus on the Salary of any County Officer, and all other such like Surplus and Balances of Money raised by Authority of this Act, or which may any how arise in the Hands of any County Treasurer, shall be applicable to defray the Expences of any Public Work or any County Charge whatsoever which the Grand Jury are authorized to present under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be presented by the Grand Jury for such of the said Purposes as to them shall seem expedient; provided always, that such Sum shall be applied to the Credit of any County or Barony off which it was originally levied; and provided further, that before it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury to represent any Sum of Money as unpaid or in arrear out of any County or Barony or Denomination, to be raised and levied on such County or Barony or

Denomination

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

737

Denomination, it shall be made to appear, by Affidavit of the Collector, to such Grand Jury that such Sum is actually in arrear and unpaid by such County or Barony or Denomination respectively, and that it could not have been levied frdm the Persons or out of the Lands charged with or liable to pay the same.

CXLVI. And be it enacted, That whenever any S.um shall have been presented for any Work which shall not be executed within the Time or according to the Terms prescribed by the Contract for executing the same, it shall be applied in such Manner and under such Direction as the Grand Jury shall appoint, for the Purpose of executing or completing such Works, and shall be accounted for by such Person so appointed to apply the same.

CXLVII. And be it enacted, That the Grand Jury of each County shall at each Assizes appoint a proper Person, resident in the Barony or Half Barony or Baronies, not being a Magistrate or Attorney, to be High Constable and Collector for each Barony in such County, to collect all Money which shall be presented to be raised on such Barony or any Parish or Townland therein, and also stich Barony's Proportion of the Money presented to be raised on the County at large; and every such High Constable shall have all Power and Authority and shall exercise and perform all Duties now or hereafter to be by Law required of any High Constable; and the Grand Jury of each County of a City or County of a Town shall at each Assizes appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors for such County of a City or County of a Town, to collect all Money which shall be presented to be raised on such County of a City or County of a Town, or on any Parish or District thereof: Provided always, that if any such High Constable or Collector shall happen to die before he shall have collected the whole of the Money presented to be raised as aforesaid on such Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town for which he shall be High Constable or Collector, or if any Case of Vacancy should occur, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, to appoint another fit and proper Person to be High Constable or Collector pro tempore, until a High Constable or Collector shall be appointed by the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town as aforesaid.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall act as High Constable or Collector unless he shall have given Security at the Assizes before the Grand Jury by whom he shall have been appointed, or before the Justices of the Peace at the Sessions if such High Constable or Collector shall have been appointed at Sessions, by Two sufficient Sureties joining with him in executing a Bond and Warrant of Attorney, without Stamp, to confess Judgment to the Treasurer of the County, conditioned for his duly collecting and paying to such Treasurer on or before the first Day of the next Assizes all such Public Money as he is or shall be required by him to collect; and on his producing to the Grand Jury the Treasurers Certificate of his having paid the same to the Treasurer pursuant to such Recognizance, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury to present, without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence in the Pound on the Amount of the Collection to be paid to such High 6 & 7 Gul. IV. SB Constable

Application of Sums pretented for Works not executed.

Appointment of High Constable and Collector for each Barony In Counties.

Collectors in Cities and Towns.

In case of Vacancy Justices to appoint pro tempore.

High Constable and Collectors to give Security.

738

Affidavit by them of fair Levy.

May appoint Deputies.

Treasurer to issue his Warrants to Collectors after receiving the Copies of Presentments.

Money to be collected and paid in Two Days before next Assizes.

Treasurer's Warrant to be in force for Two Tears.

Nothing herein to repeal 7 G.*l. c. 62. &c.

C. 116. 6° & 7? GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Constable or Collector for his Trouble therein: Provided always, that no Presentment for such Poundage shall be made by any Grand Jury or hated by the Court unless the Treasurer's Warrant \mder which such High Constable or Collector has levied such Public Money shall be annexed to such Presentment, nor unless such High Constable or Collector and their Deputies respectively shall make Affidavit before the said Grand Jury that such Public Money has been fairly and impartially levied, and that no more than the Sum authorized by the Treasurers Warrant, with the customary Collector s Fees, has been collected, to the best of his and their Knowledge and Belief; and every High Constable and Collector as aforesaid may, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, appoint a Deputy Collector or Deputy Collectors, for whom he shall be answerable, to assist him in collecting the Public Money; and every such Bond and any Judgment entered thereon shall vest in and may be sued for by the Treasurer for the Time being, who shall be entitled to continue the Proceedings of any former Treasurer on filing a Suggestion stating his Appointment to such Office, or on his making it otherwise appear to the Court in which such Proceeding may be pending that he is the acting Treasurer.

CXLIX. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of each County shall, within One Month after he shall have received from the Clerk of the Crown the Copies of the Presentments of the preceding Assizes, issue his Warrants to the several Persons who, under the Provisions of this Act, are to be the Collectors for levying and collecting the Sums to be raised off each Barony or County of a City or Town; which Sums every Collector to whom such Warrant is directed is hereby empowered and required to raise and levy, and to pay the Amount to the Treasurer Two Days before the first Day of the next Assizes; and in every such Treasurer s Warrant shall be inserted the Names of the several Manors, Parishes, or Denominations contained in that Portion of the County which such Person is to collect from, as the same is contained in the County Books, Barony Books, and Applotment Tables, and also the whole Bum to be collected by such Person, and the Portion thereof which each Manor, Parish, or Denomination is to pay, according to its Contents in the said Books and Tables, or as it has been usually rated at; and every such Warrant of every such Treasurer shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for the Term of Two Years next after the Date thereof, notwithstanding the Resignation or Removal of the Person to whom it was originally addressed, unless the Sums required by such Warrant to be levied shall have been received, or unless the Grand Jury of the County shall have represented the same.

CL. Provided, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes, and Divisions respectively, or any Act or Acts altering or amending the same, or any Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament consolidating and amending such

Acts,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.,

739<

G.116. '

Acts, but that so soon as the List and Valuation by the said Acts. Assessments

or any of them directed to be made shall be completed and pub- be levied

lished in Form and Manner therein prescribed, all County Cess t(?

Charges whatsoever and all Grand Jury Hate imposed or to be

imposed on any County by Presentments of the Grand Jury, or as the'y Khali be

to be raised off any County, or any Barony, Parish, or Division completed.

thereof, and all Parish Rates imposed or to be imposed or levied or to be levied under the Authority of this or any other Act or Acts,

shall be assessed and levied according to the Proportions specified

in such List and Valuation so published, any thing in this Act

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLI. And be it enacted, That every Person authorized to collect Collector of and receive Grand Jury Cess shall, within Ten Days after lie shall Grand Jury have received the Treasurer's Warrant empowering him to collect CCSS.upon and receive the same, deliver or send to the Seneschal or Church- w^rant to wardens of each Manor, Parish, or Denomination of Land con- fien^ fw ti, e tained in such Warrant, or in case there be no Seneschal or Seneschal an Churchwarden of the same, then to any principal residing Inha- Account of the .bitant, if he shall be required so to do by any Two Landholders of M?ner re-any such Manor, Parish, or Denomination of Land, or if he shall it to be deem it necessary so to do, an Account in Writing, signed by him- oppiotted. self, of the Sum he is required by the said Warrant to levy upon the said Manor, Parish, or Denomination, and to desire that the said Sum may be applotted thereon; and every Person who shall Notice of receive such Account is hereby required, under the Penalty of Meeimffof Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who Inhabitant* shall sue for the same, to post up, within Six Days after the Receipt thereof, on the Door of the Church, or the usual Place for posting Notices in said Manor, Parish, or Denomination, a Notice, signed by himself, setting forth that the Landholders and Inhabitants of [here insert Name of Manor, &c.] are hereby required to meet at [Place of Meeting] on the [here insert a Day not less than Ten Days or more than Twenty from the Date of such Notice], to choose Two or more Persons to applot the Sum of [here insert the Sum] required to be levied upon such Manor, Parish, or Denomination, by the Warrant of the Treasurer of the County; and at such Meeting the Landholders and Inha- Applotters to bitants then present shall choose Two or more Persons to be l* choaen, who Applotters; and the Persons so chosen shall, within Thirty Days the

from the Time they shall be so chosen, applot the Sum so to be

levied upon such Manor, Parish, or Denomination, fairly and justly, according to the relative annual Value of the several Subdivisions of the Lands and Tenements therein contained, stating as accurately as they can the Name of the Occupier of each Portion of such Lands, and shall make Oath before any Justice of the Peace for Affidavit of such County that they have made the said Applotmept justly, Justness of according to the best of their Skill, without Favour, Affection, or Applotmenu Malice, the Jurat of which Oath shall be endorsed on the Applotment; and such Applotters shall deliver such Applotment so verified upon Oath to the Person empowered to collect such. Grand Jury Cess, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every Day they shall omit to deliver the same after the said Thirty Days the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who shall sue for the same; and the Collector, on receiving such full

740

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Collector to levy accordingly.

Grand Jury Ceas may be levied by Distress and Sale.

If not expedient to proceed by Distress, Notice to be left requiring Payment within Six Days, and if not paid in that Time Complaint to be made to a Justice, who shall summon the Party.

In default of Appearance, Goods of Party may be distrained in any Part of County;

or in any other County, upon Oath before Justice of such County.

and sufficient Applotment, is hereby required and authorised to levy the said Money according thereto; and in case no full and sufficient Applotment shall be returned within Thirty-six Days after the Time fixed for the Appointment of the Applotters, then in such Case it shall be lawful for such Collector to levy the full Sum required by the Treasurer's Warrant off such Manor, Parish, or Denomination, according to or in the like Proportions as the Sum levied under the last previous Applotment of such Manor, Parish, or Denomination, or according to the Rate or Applotment pursuant to which it was paid or levied.

CLII. And be it enacted, That every Person duly authorized to collect and levy any Grand Jury Cess off any Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, as soon as he shall have received the Applotment of such Cess, shall collect and levy the same according to such Applotment, and such Money may be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of every Person refusing to pay the Proportion therein appiotted lor him or her to pay, which may be found on the Premises chargeable, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Expences of distraining, not exceeding Twelve-pence in the Pound on the Sum for which such Distress may have been made; or in case the Collector shall not think it expedient to proceed by Distress, then and in such Case such Collector shall leave at the Dwelling House of the Party chargeable for or in respect of such Premises a Notice bearing Date the Day and Year of serving the same, subscribed with the Name and Abode of such Collector, requiring Payment of the Sum appiotted within Six Days from the Date of such Notice, and expressing that within Six Days the Money demanded may be paid to the Collector at his House or Office; and if such Money be not so paid within such Time, then it shall be lawful for such Collector to prefer a Complaint to any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Party may reside, and such Justice shall summon the Party so complained against to appear before him and answer the said Complaint, and shall at the Time specified in such Summons exiunine into the Matter of such Complaint on Oath (which Oath the Justice is hereby empowered to administer) , and shall direct the Payment to such Collector of such Money as be shall find due and payable under such Applotment by the Party complained against, together with a Sum certain as and for such reasonable Costs and Charges as to such Justice shall seem meet; and in default of the Appearance of such Party, or upon his or her Refusal or Neglect forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums so by such Justice directed to be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, or for any Justice of the Peace for such County, to issue his Warrant authorizing and empowering the said Collector to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of the Party so complained against which may be found within any Part of such County, rendering the Overplus, if any, to him or her, the necessary Charges and Expences of distraining being thereout first deducted, as directed by such Justice; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then on Oath thereof made before any Justice of the Peace of any other County in which any of the Goods and Chattels of such Party shall be found, (which

A.D. 1830. 6° & 70 GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

Oath such Justice shall administer and certify by indorsing in his Handwriting his Name on the Warrant granted to make such Distress,) the Goods or Chattels of such Party so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid shall be subject and liable to such Distress and Sale in such other County where the same may be found, and may by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate be distrained and sold in the same Manner as if the same had been found within such first-mentioned County.

CLIII. And be it enacted, That the Sum or Proportion of Grand Jury Cess to be raised off each Barony or County of a City or Town under the Treasurer's Warrant, duly applotted for any Person to pay, shall be a Charge upon the Lands and Premises mentioned in such Warrant and Applotment, and shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons occupying the Premises respectively at the Time such Cess is levied thereout, although such Terson or Persons did not occupy the same at the Time such Cess was imposed, and, when the Sum payable by any Person or Persons does not exceed Fifty Pounds, may be sued for by Civil Bill in the Name of the Collector before the Assistant Barrister having Jurisdiction to hear and determine Causes by Civil Bill in the County, Place, or District in which the Person liable to pay the Sum resides.

CLIV. And whereas Doubts have been entertained as to the ' Power of the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny to present any Public Work to be executed either wholly or in part within the Town or Liberties of CaUan, or any Money to be raised for such Public Work, or for any Public Work or other Purposes for ' which a Grand Jury may lawfully present, out of the Premises ' situated within such Town or Liberties, and also as to the Powers ' of the Treasurer of the said County to include said Town or ' Liberties in his Warrant be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny to present that any Public Works which it shall be deemed necessary to execute within such Town or Liberties shall be executed, and such Town and Liberties shall for every Purpose connected with the Execution of any Public Work, or a Presentment for raising Money, or for any other Matter or Thing which any Grand Jury under this or any other Act hereafter to be passed shall have Power to present, be deemed and taken to be a Barony in and of the said County of Kilkenny; and such Town and Liberties shall, until a Valuation thereof shall be made under some Act for the Valuation of Lands and Premises in Ireland, be deemed to contain Three thousand six hundred Acres, and shall according to such acreable Contents be liable to and bear its Proportion of any Public Rate or Charge on the said County.

CLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of any County for the Time being to effect a Policy or Policies of Insurance against Fire on any Public Building or other Public Property which he shall be directed by the Grand Jury to insure, and for such Sum as he shall be so directed; and such Policy shall vest in the Treasurer for the Time being, and the Sum thereby secured shall be payable to him as Part of the Public Fund of such County, and shall be applied to Public Purposes from Time to Time as the Grand Jury shall direct by any Presentment sanctioned and approved of by the Judges of Assize at the Assizes at which

741

Grand Jury Cess shall be paid by Person in the Occupation of the Lands and Premises at the Time of the Levy.

For removing Doubts as to the Power of the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny making certain Presentments.

Treasurer to cause any Public Building to be insured that may be so directed by a Grand Jury.

C. 116.

6° & T° GULIELMI IV/ A.D. 1836. 142

such Presentment may be made; and the Grand Jury shall have the Power, without any previous Application at the Sessions, and are hereby required, to present, to be levied off the County at large, the Premium and other Charges payable on such Policy, and for continuing the same, and the Treasurer shall from Time to Time pay such Premium.

Driver* to keep

CLVI. And be it enacted, That the Drivers of every Kind and the Left Side of Species of Vehicle, and all Persons riding or driving any Animal the Hoad. or Animals, laden or unladen, on any Road, or in any Street of any City or Town in Ireland, shall keep their Left-hand Side of the Road or Street in going and coming thereon, leaving the other Side free to all other Passengers; and when they may have Occasion to pass any other Persons going in the same Direction with themselves shall in all Cases where it is practicable take and go on the Right-hand of such Persons; and on every Cart, Car, or other Carriage without Springs, on any Road upon which His Majesty's Mails are conveyed in Coaches, or any other Road being a County Road, the Name and Surname and Residence of the Owner of such Vehicle shall be painted in White Roman Letters One Inch long at the least; and every Car or Cart drawn by One Horse shall have a Double Rein extending back to such Car or Cart; and if any Person shall wilfully refuse or neglect to drive or pass in manner aforesaid, or if any Person shall drive any Vehicle on any such Road whereon the Name of the Owner is not painted, or without a Double Rein as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Magistrate, Constable, or Turnpike Keeper to stop and detain such Offender and the Vehicle and Animal or Animals on which or with which such Offender shall be, and forthwith to carry or convey such Offender before any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Offence shall be committed, or for any Person whatsoever to lodge Information against such Offender before any such Penalty. Justice; and upon being convicted thereof upon the Oath of One

credible Witness, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, or by Distress and Sale of the Carriage and Horse or Horses or other Beasts, and the Goods therein or thereon, wherewith such Offender shall have been travelling at the Time of such Offence, such Distress to be made under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) , after deducting the said Fine and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners, on Demand; One Half of the Amount of the Penalties so levied to be paid to the Informer, and the remaining Half to the Minister or Curate of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; and if Distress sufficient for such Penalty or Penalties shall not have been seized or found, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby empowered and required, to commit such Offender so convicted to the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Offender shall sooner pay and satisfy the said Penalty or Penalties; and every Person offending as aforesaid shall likewise be liable to pay and satisfy the Damages which shall happen in consequence of any such Neglect or Default as aforesaid.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

743

CLVII. And be it enacted, That no House or Part of a House shall be built within Thirty Feet of the Centre of any Road, or within Fifteen Feet of the Side thereof (except in the Streets of Corporate or Market Towns); and that if any Person shall offend, herein, every such Person shall upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Week after such Conviction until the same shall be pulled down or removed; and no Limekiln or Windmill shall be -built within One hundred Feet of the Centre of any public Road; and it shall be lawful for any Justices at a General Sessions of the Peace to direct any House, Limekiln, or Windmill built or building contrary to this Act to be pulled down, and to issue their Orders to any Constable or Constables for that Purpose, which Order every Chief and other Constable shall aid and assist in executing; and the Centre of the Road for the Purposes of this Act shall be deemed to be the Centre of the Part thereof made with Gravel or small Stones.

CLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to seize and impound, or cause to be seized or impounded, any Swine or Beast which shall be found wandering upon any public Road, or about the Streets or Passages of any Town, in case the Owner thereof shall not be known; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to fine the Owner of such Swine or Beast any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings, and in case such Penalty, and the Expences of impounding and detaining the same when it shall be so impounded, shall not be paid within Four Days after imposing such Fine or after impounding the same, to cause such Swine or Beast to be sold, and out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof to pay such Penalty, and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, due Notice having been previously given of such Sale, in which shall be inserted the Name of the Parish and Townland where such Swine or Beast was seized, which Notice shall be posted up in some conspicuous Place in the Parish where such Beast was seized, and at the Place where impounded, Forty-eight Hours at the least before the Time of Sale.

CLIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall scour, deepen, widen, or fill up any Ditch or Drain on the Side of any Road without the Consent or Direction of the County Surveyor; or if Hie Owner or Occupier of any Lands contiguous to any public Road shall omit to scour any Ditch or Drain leading from such Road, so as to allow the Water to pass away, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him or her so to do by such Surveyor or by the Contractor for the Repairs of such Road, or shall suffer the Passage of the Water to be obstructed by making or leaving any Way or Passage from any Road into the Lands adjoining to his or her House without a sufficient Pipe, Sewer, or Gullet underneath it; or if any Person shall ride or drive any Horse, Beast, or Cattle of any Description willingly and unnecessarily on any Footpath; or shall steep or dry any Flax, or burn any Bricks or Lime, or any Weeds or Vegetables for Ashes, upon any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre of any such public Road; or shall make any Kind of Fire upon any

3 B 4 public

No House to be built within SO Feet of the Centre of any Road.

No Limekiln or Windmill shall be built within 100 Feet of the Centre of any public Rood.

Swine wandering on Roads may be seized and impounded, and Owner fined, &c.

Notice of Seizure to be posted.

Persons scouring or filling any Ditches without Consent of Surveyor; or Owners who do not scour Ditches or Drains within Ten Days after Notice; or Persons who ride or drive unnecessarily on Footpath, or leave Obstructions or Nuisances on any Road;

744

C. 116.

6 & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

or without Consent of Surveyor or Contractor shall scrape any public Road;

to forfeit not exceeding 20*.

Surveyors may fill Drains, ftc .;

and any Person by Order of Justice may remove Nuisances;

and levy the

Expencca

thereof.

public Road; or shall cut any Turf or make any Turf Stack on any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof; or build any Wall, or make any Ditch, or dig any Pit or Dram, on any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, unless by Authority of a Presentment; or shall lay any Dirt, Dung, Turf, Straw, Rubbish, or Scourings of any Ditches or Drains, or any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Sand, Clay, or Lime on any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof; or shall leave on any public Road any Plough or Harrow, or any Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, without the Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts being harnessed thereto, unless such Carriage shall have been accidentally broken down there; or shall spread any Linen, Blanket, or Cloth for winnowing Com within Thirty Feet of the Centre of any public Road; or shall leave any dead Beast on any Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, unless in a House or Yard inclosed with Walls; or shall beat any Flax, or thrash or winnow any Com, dr erect any May-pole or May-bush or Sign-post, on any Road; or shall keep any Cur, Dog, Mastiff, or Bull Dog, without having a Block of Wood of the Weight of Five Pounds at the least fastened to the Neck of such Dog, within Fifty Yards of any public Road; or shall, without the Consent of such Surveyor or Contractor, scrape any public Road, or cut any Sods or Turf on the Side of any such Road, or take any Earth, Clay, Stone, or Gravel therefrom; or shall lead or drive any Car or Carriage with Timber, Boards, or Iron laid across, so as that either End shall project Two Feet beyond the Wheels or Sides thereof; or shall draw any Timber or Stones along any Part of a public Road, without being supported by Wheels from touching the same; every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction by Oath of One credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, or upon the View of any Justice, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence; and it shall be lawful for any such Surveyor or Contractor to fill up any Ditch or Drain which shall be scoured, deepened, or widened, or to scour any Drains, which have been filled on the Side of any Road, without such Direction or Consent, and to scour or deepen any Drain or Ditch leading from any Road which shall be omitted to be scoured or deepened after such Notice as aforesaid, and to remove any Way or Passage from any Road into any adjoining Laiid or to any House which may obstruct the free Passage of the Water, and to remake the same by building a Gutter, Sewer, or Arch therein; and it shall be lawful for any such Surveyor, or for any other Person by the Order of any Justice of the Peace or any such Surveyor, to remove any Bricks, or Weeds or Vegetables for making Ashes, or other Materials which shall be burning, or any Flax which shall be steeped or drying, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and to pull down any Sign-post, May-pole, or May-bush, and to pull down or fill up and level any Wall, Drain, or Ditch, which shall be built or made or begun to be built or made contrary to this Act, and to remove the Carcase of any dead Beast which shall remain in or near any public Road contrary to this Act, and to levy the Expence of so doing by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, or of the Occupier of the Lands adjoining the

Place

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7 0 GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

745

Place where such Nuisance shall be committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, after deducting the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound for the Expence and Trouble of taking such Distress.

CLX. Provided, and be it enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall render any County Surveyor, or any Contractor for any Public Work under this Act, liable to any Penalty for any Act done or performed by the said Surveyor or in the Discharge of the Duties of his Office, or by any such Contractor in the due and necessary Execution or Performance of his Contract; but if any such Surveyor or Contractor shall lay or cause to be laid any Heap of Stones, Gravel, Rubbish, or other Matter whatever upon any public Road, and allow the same to remain there at Night, to the Danger or personal Damage of any Person passing thereon, all due and reasonable Precaution not having been taken by the said Surveyor or Contractor to prevent any such Danger or Damage, such Surveyor or Contractor shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CLXI. And be it enacted, That if any County Surveyor or Contractor for the repairing of any public Road in any County shall think that such Road is prejudiced by the Shade of any Hedges or Trees (except those planted for Ornament or Shelter of any Dwelling House, Court Yard, or Garden) , or if any Obstruction is caused in any public Road by any Hedge or Tree, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor, and they are hereby each or either of them authorized, to require the Owner of the Land on which such Hedges or Trees are growing to cause such Hedges to be cut or plashed, or such Trees to be pruned or lopped, so as that such Road may not be prejudiced or obstructed by the same; and if such Owner shall not comply with such Request within Ten Days, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to summon such Owner before the Justices assembled at any Petty Sessions for such County, to show Cause why he has not complied with such Request; and if such Justices shall order and direct that such Hedges shall be cut or plashed, or such Trees pruned or lopped, and if the said Owner shall not obey such Order within Ten Days after the making of the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor to cut or plash such Hedges, or to prune or lop such Trees, for the Benefit and Improvement of such Road, and to remove such Obstruction as aforesaid, to the best of their Skill and Judgment; and the said Surveyor or Contractor shall be reimbursed by the said Owner what Charges and Expences he shall be at in cutting or plashing such Hedges, or pruning or lopping such Trees; and it shall be lawful for such Justices at Petty Sessions as aforesaid to direct such Charges and Expences to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner in such Manner as other Distresses and Sales for Forfeitures are authorized and directed to be levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be compelled, nor any such Surveyor or Contractor permitted, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last Day of September and the last Day of March.

Surveyors, &c. not liable to Penalties for Acts done in the Discharge of their Office; but fineable in certain Cases.

Surveyor or Contractor may require Owners of Lund to prune Hedges or Trees injuring Roads.

Owners not complying to be summoned before Justices at Petty Sessions, who may order them to do it; and on their Refusal Surveyor or Contractor may do it at their Expence.

[Proviso.]

C. 116;

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Power of Surveyors and Contractors to dig for Materials;

and to tnake Drains.

Satisfaction for Damage to be a<w$ed by Three Householders.

Materials not to be taken to the Injury of any Hoad or Building.

CLXII. And be it enacted, That every County Surveyor and every Contractor for any Work to be executed by Grand Jury Presentment shall have Power and Authority to dig for, raise, and carry away in or out of any Lands, not being a Deer Park, Bleach Green, Orchard, walled Garden, Haggard, or Yard, or planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to a Mansion House, any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials, whether the same be found in the same or any adjoining County, which may be wanted for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing any Bridge, Arch, Gullet, Pipe, or Wall, or for the making, repairing, or preserving any Road or Footpath; and such Surveyor or Contractor is hereby further empowered to make Drains in order to carry off Water which might injure any Bridge, Gullet, Arch, Pipe, Wall, or Road, in or through any Lands, not being a Deer Park, Bleach Green, Orchard, walled Garden, Haggard, or Yard, or planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to a Mansion House, and shall make such Satisfaction for the Damage done thereby, or by taking any such Materials as aforesaid, as shall be assessed by Three substantial Householders, which Householders shall view the Ground immediately previous to and immediately after such Damages shall be committed, one of such Householders to be named by the Owner or Occupier of the Land, and another by the Surveyor or Contractor, and the third by any neighbouring Justice of the Peace; and in case any Surveyor or Contractor shall refuse, or after Four Days Notice in Writing from such Landholder neglect, to name a Householder on his Part, then one shall be named for him by such Justice; and such Three Householders shall be sworn by such Justice of the Peace (previous to the Damage being committed) to be Appraisers of such Damages as may occur, and to make a true Estimate thereof, in which Estimate the Value of any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials shall not be included, but only the Waste committed by breaking the Surface and making a Passage through the Land, unless where such Stones, Gravel, or Materials shall be taken from any Quarries and Gravel Pits bona fide demised with liberty to work the same: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be lawful for any such Contractor or Surveyor to enter any Lands for any such Purpose against the Will of the Occupiers thereof without the previous Order of a Justice of the Peace, which Order any such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant on its being proved to his Satisfaction that the Gravel, Stones, or other Materials sought cannot be conveniently procured elsewhere, nor such Drain otherwise sufficiently made or cleansed.

CLXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Contractor to dig, raise, and carry away any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials from the Side of any public Road, or from any Beach or Sea Shore, whereby a public Road, or Bulwark or Defence to any Building or any Land adjoining any Road, may be injured; and that any Person who shall be convicted thereof, on the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Cart Load of such Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials

so

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1836.

6? & 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

74T

so dug, raised, or carried away, to be levied, by Warrant of Distress under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, off the Goods and Chattels of such Offender.

CLXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully Penalty for prevent, assault, or threaten to assault any Surveyor or Contractor mating Sur-in the Execution of his Duty, or any Person or Persons employed or c°n"

, A ., J i tractors, or for

by proper Authority m surveying or measuring or laying out any injuring pubii« Line intended for a new Road, or if any Person shall wilfully Works, destroy, puli up, deface, or injure any Surveyors Instruments or Implements used in Public Works, or any Milestone, Mile-post, or Direction-post, or any Bridge, Battlement, Wall, Railing, Mound, or Fence erected or repaired by Presentment, or shall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take away Stones out of any such Battlement, Wall, Mound, or Fence, or out of any Court House,

Goal, House of Correction, Pier, or other Buildings, or out of' any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet, built or repaired by Presentment, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, upon Conviction by the Oath of One credible Witness before any Two Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions, such Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds as the said Justices shall think fit; and in case the same shall not be paid, such Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender to any Gaol, Bridewell, or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until the said Forfeiture shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the County in which any such Injury may have been done, if directed by the Grand Jury so to do, to commence and prosecute an Action on the Case against any Person or Persons by whom such Injury may have been committed, and for recovering of Damages to the Amount thereof from such Person or Persons for the Use of the County, and when the Damages sought to be recovered do not exceed Thirty Pounds to sue for the same by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister; and in every such Proceeding the Property so injured or destroyed shall for the Purposes of such Proceeding be deemed to be the Property of such Treasurer.

CLXV. And be it enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter Proceedings in any Public Work erected or repaired by Presentment of a Grand Pujjl, c

Jury shall be wantonly or maliciously damaged or destroyed, it by°Prw!wument shall be lawful for the County Surveyor and he is hereby required sjlau y# wan_ to apply at the Presenting Sessions of the District in wdiich such tonly injured. Work is or was situate, holden next after the Discovery by him of such Damage or Destruction, for the Repair or Reconstruction of such Work, and such Proceedings shall be had on such Application as on any other Application by such Surveyor, save only that in cose any Presentment shall be made by the Grand Jury in consequence thereof, the Amount of such Presentment shall be levied either off of the Parish in which such Work is or was situate, or such Portion thereof as the Grand Jury shall think proper.

CLXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall re- Application* quire any Presentment for Fees, Poundages, Salary, or other Contingency or Payment whatsoever, for which Grand Juries are rfn^ncU* to°lw* authorized by the Provisions of this Act to make Presentments lodged with the without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, shall lodge Secretary, an Application for the same, with a full Detail of the Particulars

and

748

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Dublin' Grand Juries to transact Fiscal Business in open Court.

No Stamp Duty upon Contracts and Recognizances under this Act.

Proceedings lor Breach of Contract before Assistant Barrister under certain Amount.

Forfeitures to be levied by Distress and Sale, and, if not otherwise directed, divided between Informers and some Hospital.

and Amount thereof, with this Secretary of each Grand Jury Six clear Days at the least previous to the Day appointed for impannelling such Grand Jury; and such Secretary shall insert an Abstract of such Applications at the Foot of the proper Schedule which he is required to deliver to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, and also at the Foot of the Copy which he is required to keep in his Office for the Inspection of the Public: Provided always, that such Presentments for Fees, Poundage, or other Contingencies or Payments, the Particulars and Amount whereof cannot be ascertained so as to allow of their being specified when the Application therefor shall be lodged with the said Secretary at the Time aforesaid, may be made by the Grand Jury although such Particulars and Amount shall not have been so specified.

CLXVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the Grand Juries of the County and of the County of the City of Dublin respectively shall transact the Fiscal Business of their several Counties in open Court, any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland, or any Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Contract for any Public Work under the Provisions of this Act, or any Recognizance to be entered into for the Execution of the same by virtue of this Act, shall be liable or subject to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed, unless specially mentioned therein; and whenever the Amount of any such Contract, or the Sum for which any such Recognizance shall be conditioned, or the Sum sought to be recovered by virtue of such Recognizance or Contract, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful to proceed against any such Contractor or his Sureties for such Sum, or for Damages for the Breach of any such Contract, by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions for the County where such Work shall be situate, or in the County or City of Dublin before the Chairman of Kilmainham or the Recorder of the City of Dublin respectively; and the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman, and Recorder shall have full Power to hold Plea thereof, and the same shall and may be proceeded on in like Manner in all respects, and the like Decree or Judgment and Execution shall and may be had thereon, and also the like Benefit of Appeal, and of Proceedings, Judgment, and Execution thereon, as in case of any other Sum or Demand which may now by Law be had or used before such Judge.

CLXIX. And be it enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, if not immediately paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of the Peace, together with all Expences attending the levying the same; and all such Fines, unless otherwise specially directed by this Act, shall, when levied and paid, be given, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to such Dispensary, Hospital, or Infirmary as the Justice shall direct; and in case any Fine be not immediately paid upon Conviction, or within such Time as the Justice shall appoint, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall have been made to commit the Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Two Months, or until the Fine be paid.

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

G.116.

749

CLXX. And be it enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any subsequent Irregularity on the Part of the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in any Action on the Case.

CLXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall be sued, molested, or troubled for putting into execution any of the Powers contained in this Act, or for doing any Act, Matter, or Thing pursuant thereto, such Person shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, and may avow the taking any Distress on the acting Treasurer and Justices Warrant merely, without going into other Title or Authority; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, and Judgment given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, or a Verdict pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or a Dismiss upon a Civil Bill, such Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her, or their Treble Costs, to be recovered by such Method and Manner whereby Law Costs are given to Defendants; and no Inhabitant, Magistrate, or Cess Payer of any County shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness in any Court of Law or Equity by reason of his being liable to be rated or being rated or assessed towards the Payment of any Money presented or to be presented by a Grand Jury.

CLXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or any other Person to demand or take any Sum of Money or any Reward for swearing any Affidavit to be made by virtue of this Act; and if any Person shall wilfully swear or affirm or declare falsely in any Oath or Affirmation or Declaration made or taken by Authority or under any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Person, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and incur the Pains and Penalties in such Case by Law provided; and it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, without any previous Application to Presentment Sessions, to make such Presentments for defraying the Prosecution of such Delinquent as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

CLXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Weights and Measures mentioned in this Act, or used under any of the Provisions thereof, or referred to in any Presentment, shall be the Weights and Measures fixed and ordained by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Party distraining not to be a Trespasser in consequence of Irregularity.

General Issue may be pleaded.

Justices.not to take Money for Affidavits.

False swearing punishable as Petjury.

Weights and Measures.

5 G. 4. c. 74.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 63.

Cl 16;

6° ft 7 GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1836.

Money to be the present Currency.

Schedules Part of the Act.

Notices, &c. not be impeached on tephnipal Grounds,

Baronies, &c. may be divided, or may be united.

Certain Counties may be divided into Two Ridings or Pistricls.

Lord Lieutenant to make Buies and Regulations touching the

CLXXIV. And be it enacted, That the several 9una of Money in this Act mentioned shall be deemed to be the present lawful Money of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Schedules annexed to this Act shall be deemed and taken to be Part thereof, and the Forms therein contained shall be made use of in all Cases to which such Forms shall be applicable; provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to erase or alter any Words in such Forms so as to make them applicable to any particular Case, without materially altering the Substance, but no further; and that no Notice, Recognizance, Warrant, Traverse, Presentment, or other Proceeding or Matter whatsoever served, made, taken, or had under this Act shall be impeached on any technical or formal Grounds, or for any Informality, provided it shall be in Substance conformable to the Provisions of this Act

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, by Presentment, to divide any Barony or Half Barony thereof into One or more Subdivisions, each whereof shall, for the Purposes of this Act, and for all Purposes relating to the presenting, raising, and levying of Money for any Matter or Thing for which Presentment may be lawfully made by Grand Juries, be deemed and taken to be a Barony or Half Barony, as such Grand Jury shall present the same; provided such Barony shall contain Forty-five thousand Acres, but not otherwiseand it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury to unite any Two Baronies, or any Barony or any Portion of any Barony or Baronies, into One, for the Purposes of this Act, provided the Baronies or Portions so united shall not contain more than Forty thousand Acres.

CLXXVI. And whereas, from the great Extent of certain Counties in Ireland, and the inconvenient Situation of the ' Towns where the Assizes are now held in respect to other Parts ' of said Counties, it may be expedient that a Second Assize Town should be appointed at which Assizes shall be holden for Part of said Counties, and for that Purpose that the said Counties should be divided into Two Districts or Ridings; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to order and direct that any County in Ireland shall be divided into Two RidingB or Districts, and to direct and appoint what Baronies or Half Baronies or other Portions of Land shall be contained in each of said Ridings, and to order and direct that Assizes and Sessions under the Commissioners of Assize and General Gaol Delivery, and other Commissions for the Dispatch of Civil and Criminal Business, or that any special Commission or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, should be holden in and for any County which now is or hereafter may be so divided at such Town within the same as shall be deemed most expedient for the Purpose, in addition to and in like Manner as the same are now holden at the usual Assize Town.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, with such Advice as aforesaid, to make Rules and Regulations touching the Venue in all Cases, Civil and Criminal, thep 8 depending

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7? GULIELMI IV. C. 11G.

751

depending or thereafter to be depending and to be tried within said Divisions or Ridings of any such County, and touching the Altera* tions of any Commissions, Writs, Precepts, or other Proceedings thereby made necessary, and touching the Attendance and Liability of Jurors, whether Grand Jurors, Special Jurors, or Common Jurors, at such Assizes, or at any Sessions to be holden for such Ridings or Divisions, and to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations for the building or fitting up of any Gaol or Court House in such Town so to be appointed as the Assize Town of any such Riding, and for ascertaining the Proportions to be borne by each Division or Riding of ail Presentments or other Fiscal Charges affecting the County at large, and to make all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations touching all other Presentments as may be rendered necessary from Time to Time in consequence of the Division of said County, and all other Rules, Orders, and Regulations as may be necessary for carrying into full and complete Effect the Object of having Two Half-yearly Assizes holden in and for said County in manner aforesaid; and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and notified in such other Manner as Orders of the Lord Lieutenant in Council are usually notified: Provided always, that such Division of said County for the Purposes aforesaid shall not be deemed, construed, or taken to damage, alter, limit, or abridge any Power, Authority, Jurisdiction, Right, Duty, or Privilege of any High Sheriff, Sub-Sheriff, or Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate of the said County, or to affect the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such County, which shall continue to be holden at the Town at which it is now by Law required to be holden until Parliament shall otherwise direct.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by this or any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland Repayment is to be made by Grand Jury Presentment of any Money advanced out of the Consolidated Fund or from any other Public Fund, the same shall from and after the passing of this Act be paid and payable unto such Bank or Person and in such Manner as the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall from Time to Time think fit to direct and appoint.

CLXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case the Grand Jury at any Assizes shall neglect or refuse duly to present any Money which, under the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act now in force in Ireland, or of any Act passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, such Grand Jury may be required to present at such Assizes upon the Certificate of the Chief or Under Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or otherwise, for the Purpose of reimbursing or replacing any Monies issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Court shall have Power to make an Order directing the Sum or Sums which ought to have been so presented to be raised and levied as if the same had been so presented, and such Order shall have the Force and Effect of a Presentment, and the Treasurer of the County shall insert the Sum mentioned in such Order in hi* Warrant, and the same shall be applotted, raised, and levied and

applied

Venue in all Cases to be tried within the said Divisions, and all other Matters consequent upon such Division.

Not to abridge the Rights of Sheriffs, &e.

Repayment of Money advanced out of the Consolidated Fund.

If Grand Jury neglect to present for Repayment of Monies advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, the Court shall make an Order, which shall have the Force of a Presentment.

152

C. 116.

6° & 7- GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S.

NoPresentment for such Repayment unless demanded within Five Years, &c-

Saving for Repayment of Advances under 5A6W.4. c. 48.

Treasury may direct 8,000Z. recovered from late Treasurer of Tyrone to be paid to the new Treasurer, for Payment of Contractors, &c.

Grand Jury empowered to present the said Suin of 8,000l. to be levied oft' the County by half-yearly Instalments.

applied in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been duly presented by such Grand Jury.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time after the passing of this Act any Sum of Money shall be advanced out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund, which is to be repaid wholly or in part by a Presentment of any Grand Jury in Ireland, it shall not , be lawful to make any Presentment for repaying the same or any Part thereof unless the same has been demanded within Five Years next before the making of such Presentment, except only where the same is to be repaid by Instalments.

CLXXXI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect or limit the Powers of any Grand Jury in Ireland to present for the Repayment of Advances made under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, !, intituled An Act for the better Preservation and more speedy Punishment of Offences endangering the Public Peace in Ireland; and the Presentments authorized to be made by the said last-recited Act may be made without previous Application to Presentment Sessions.

CLXXXII. And whereas divers Sums of Money have been from ' Time to Time advanced by the Lords Commissioners of the Trea-i sury, under the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament, for the i Execution of Public Works in the County of Tyrone, and for ' other public Purposes in the said County: And whereas Proceedings have been taken against the late Treasurer of the said ' County and his Sureties for the Recovery of a considerable Balance on account of such Advances which ought to have been ' repaid by hirq^ and the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds has been ' recovered thereunder: And whereas, by reason of the Default and Insolvency of the said Treasurer, great public Inconvenience ' will arise if the Contractors and others who have Demands against ' the said County shall remain unpaid be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize and direct the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, so recovered as aforesaid, to be paid to the new Treasurer of the said County of Tyrone, to be by him applied, in like Manner as any Money levied off such County by Grand Jury Presentment in his Hands, to the Payment of such Contractors and others, and to such other like Purposes as any Money arising in his Hands as such Treasurer may be by Law applicable.

CLXXXIII. And be it enacted, That in consideration of the Advance of the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County at the next Assizes after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required, to present the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds to be levied off the said County by Sixteen half-yearly Instalments of Five hundred Pounds each; and the Treasurer of the said County shall and he is hereby required to insert the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds in his Warrant for raising or levying the Sums presented at the said next Assizes, and in like Manner, without further Presentment or Authority in that Behalf, to insert a like Sum of Five hundred Pounds in his Warrant for raising or levying the Sums presented at each succeeding Assizes, until the whole

Sum

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

758

[Commencement of Act.]

Presentments mode before Commencement of this Act to be accounted for under former Acts.

Act to extend only to Ireland;

may be altered.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (Z.)-Form (A.)

I A.B. of [here insert the Name and Place of Abode of the Justice taking this Declaration] do declare. That I am a Justice of the Peace of the County [here insert the Name of the County for which the Presentment Sessions is holden'], and that I will truly, faithfully, and impartially do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as I am authorized to do and perform by and under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled [here set out the Title of this Act], and that I will, without Favour, Affection, Hatred, or Malice or Ill-will, diligently inquire into and impartially and honestly judge and determine, according to the Evidence and to the best of my Judgment and Ability, upon the several Applications and other Matters which may be brought before me under the Authority of the said Act.

Witness my Hand

SCHEDULE (Z.)--Form (B.)

I A- B. of [here insert the Name and Place of Abode of the Cess Payer taking this Declaration] do declare, That I will truly, faithfully, and impartially do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as I am authorized to do and perform by and under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled [here set 6 St7GuL.1V. 3 C out

Sum of Eight thousand Pounds shall be so raised and levied off such County, and the same shall be raised and levied accordingly; and the said Treasurer shall pay over the said several Instalments when and as each of them shall be raised and levied to such Bank or Person, and in such Manner, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct.

CLXXXIV. And be it enacted, That this shall commence and take effect from and after the First of November next s Provided always, that all Presentments and Contracts made, or Money to be levied, accounted for, or paid, under or in consequence of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland before the Commencement of this Act, shall be levied, accounted for, and paid in manner provided by the said former Act or Acts, and subject to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions therein contained; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect, alter, or abridge the Powers, Duties, and Liabilities of any Overseer, Contractor, or other Person vested in or exercised by him or them under the Provisions of the said former Act or Acts, as far as respects the Completion of any Work or Works so presented and begun and entered upon at any Time before the Commencement of this Act.

CLXXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CLXXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

754

C. 116.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

out the Title of this Act], and that I will, without Favour, Affection, Hatred, or Malice or .Ill-will, diligently inquire into and impartially and honestly judge and determine according to the Evidence, and to the best of my Judgment and Ability, upon the several Applications and other Matters which may be brought before me under the Authority of the said Act Witness my Hand

SCHEDULE (Z.)-Form (C.)

You shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or County of City, County of Town, or City and County] of and true Presentment make, of all such Matters and Things as shall be lawfully given to you in charge, or as shall come before you in anywise relating to the raising of any Money upon thf said County [or County of City, County of Town, or City and County] of or upon any Barony, Half Barony,

or Parish therein, or relating to the Expenditure of any such Money; you shall not present nor allow nor disallow any Matter <or Thing through Hatred, Malice, or Ill-will, nor through Fear, Favour, or Affection. So help you GOD.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (A.)

Form of Application for making a new Line of Road.

County of *1 We, of and

J of do certify, That in our Opinion

it would be useful to make a new Line of Road from to between and

and that such new Line of Road is Perches in

Length, and that said Perches are in the Townland [or Town-lands] of in the Barony [or Baronies] of

in this County, and we propose that Presentment for such Purpose be made under and by virtue of Section of the Chapter of [here set out the Reign],

being an Act for \here set out the Title of this Act], and that the, Expence of the same shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony or Baronies of ].

(Signed) A B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (B.)

Form of Application for the Repairs of Roads.

of and

do certify, That we have lately viewed Perches of the Road from between j and

Perches are in the Townland [or between the Houses and Lands of A. and B. all in the Barony of in this County;

and that the same are in need of Repair; and we propose that the Expence of the aforesaid Repairs shall not exceed Pounds,

and shall be defrayed by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ], and that Presentment for such

Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the County of i We,

/ of and measured to

and that the said TownlandsJ of

Section

A.D. 183(5.

6°'& 7b GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

Section of the ' Chapter of [here set out the Reign],

being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act].

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (C.)

Form of Application for widening Roads and making Fences instead of those to be taken away.

CJouniy of 1 We, of and

j of do certify, That we have lately viewed

and measured Perches of the Road from

to between and in the

Townland [or Townlands] of, all in the Barony [or

Half Barony] of in this County, and that every of the same is Feet wide, and no more, in the clear

within the Fences; and we are of opinion that it would be useful to the Public using such Road to widen the same, so as to make that Part of the Road Feet wide in the clear, and safe

and level throughout the whole of the said Width, and to make new Fences instead of those which shall be taken down or destroyed in order to widen the same; and we propose that the Expence of widening and repairing the same shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ], and that

Presentment for such Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the Chapter of

[here set out the Reign], being an Act for [here set out the Tide of this Act],

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (D.)

Form of Application for making or repairing Footpaths.

County of i We, of and

j of do certify, That in our Opinion it is

necessary to make [or repair] Perches of Footpath

on the Road from to between

and all in the Barony of in this

County; and we propose that the Expence of the aforesaid Work shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ],

and that Presentment for such Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the . Chapter of

[here set out the Reign], being an Act for [here sei out the Title of this Act].

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

3 C 2

756

C. 110.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (E.)

Form of Application for Presentments to fill Grips or Trenches on the Sides of the Road, and making sufficient Fences instead thereof.

County of'i We, , of and

J of do certify. That we have measured

Perches of the Road from to

between and all in the Barony

of in this County, where there are

Perches of immediately adjoining the said Road, of the Average Breadth of and Depth of which

are open and dangerous for Passengers and Travellers, and that it is necessary for the Safety and Security of the Public frequenting such Road to fill up the same, and to make a sufficient Fence instead thereof; and we propose that the Expence of the aforesaid Work shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed

by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ],

and that Presentment for such Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the Chapter of

[here set out the Reign], being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act],

(Signed) A.B.

an.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (F.)

Form of Application for filing Dikes or Holes on the Sides of

Roads.

County of We, of and of

J do hereby certify. That it is necessary for the Security of Travellers to fill up the Dikes [or Holes] immediately adjoining Perches of the Road from

to between and all in the

Barony of in this County; and we propose that the

Expence of the said Work shall not exceed Pounds,

and shall be defrayed by the County at laige [or the Barony or Half Barony of ], and that Presentment for such

Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the Chapter of [here set out the Reign],

being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act].

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (G.)

Form of Application for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow, or b0thy SfC. SfC.

County of 'l We, of and

/ of do certify. That we have lately

viewed Perches of a Road in the Townland of

Barony of in this County, and we are

of opinion that it would be useful [here insert the\ Work proposed]; and we propose that the Expence of the aforesaid Work shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed by the County

at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ], and that Pre-

sentment

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116.

737

sentment for such Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the Chapter of [here set out

the Reign], being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act].

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (HL)

Form of Application for erecting, enlarging, or repairing any Building whatsoever *

County of | Wit, of and

J of do certify, That we have lately viewed

and examined and that it will be useful to [here

set out the Work], at in this County; and we propose

that the Expence of the aforesaid Work shall not exceed Pounds, and shall be defrayed by the County at large [or Barony or Half Barony of ], and that Presentment for such

Purpose may be made under and by virtue of the Section of the Chapter of [here set out the Reign],

being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act].

(Signed) A.B.

C.D.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (I.)

Form of Application for Payment by a Contractor for a Public

Work.

County of "i Whereas the Sum of was by virtue of

f the Section of the Chapter of

[here set out the Reign], being an Act for [here set out the Tide of this Act], presented at Assizes in the Year

for [here set out the Work contracted for] in the Barony of in this County: And whereas I contracted

for the Work aforesaid: Now this is to certify, That I have faithfully and honestly executed the said Work, in conformity to the Presentment for the same and to the Terms of the Specification of the County Surveyor, and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the Day of and I hereby apply for the Payment of the said Sum of

(Signed) A.B.

Contractor.

SCHEDULE (X.)-Form (K.)

Form of Application for Payment by a Contractor for Works of Maintenance.

County of "i W herb as at the Assizes in the Year

J by virtue of the Section of the

Chapter of [here set out the Reign], being an Act for [here set out the Title of this Act], Perches of the Road from

to between and in the

Barony of in this County, were presented to be kept

in repair for Years by Contract at the yearly Sum of

: And whereas I contracted for the same: Now this is to certify, That the said Perches and every Part

thereof have been kept in good and sufficient Repair and Condition since the Commencement of my Contract, in conformity with the

SC 3 Pre-

758

am

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6.

Presentment and the Specification of the County Surveyor; and that the said Perches and every Part thereof are now

in good and complete Repair and Condition, and that the said Perches are free from Nuisances; and I hereby apply for Payment of the Sum of for keeping the said

Perches in repair for . Months.

(Signed) A.B.

Contractor.

SCHEDULE (R.)

I do declare, That I have not directly or indirectly

paid any Sum of Money as or for the Subscription of any Person, in order to entitle him to become a Governor of the Infirmary of the County of or to qualify him as a Subscriber to

the Dispensary of [as the Case may be], and that I

have not promised or in any Manner engaged to repay, and have not directly or indirectly repaid or secured, and will not directly or indirectly repay or secure, nor has any Person to my Knowledge or Belief, or on my. Behalf, given or promised to give to any Person or Persons, or for his or their Use, or at all, any Sum of Money paid or secured or agreed to be paid or secured as a Subscription to the said Infirmary or Dispensary, or any Part thereof; and that no Person whose Subscription to said Infirmary or Dispensary^ or any Portion thereof, has been paid or secured by me, or any Person acting for me or on my Behalf, in order to qualify him to become a Governor of the said Infirmary, has voted for me: And I do declare, that my Appointment to the Office of is totally unconnected with any Arrangement

between me and my Predecessor in such Office, and that no Arrangement has been made with him, to my Knowledge or Belief, by any Person on my Behalf.

SCHEDULE (Y.)

Be it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year A.B. of in the County of (7.2). of in the County of

and E.F. of in the County of came

before me [one of the Justices, or Chairman,

as the Case may fe,] at a Presenting Sessions held at in the County of and acknow-

ledged themselves to be held and firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Pounds, to which Payment they bind

themselves, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and their Estates, jointly and severally:

Whereas the above-bounden A.B. has become Contractor for the Execution of a certain Public Work, that is to say [mention it'], and the said (7.2). and E.F. have become his Sureties for the due Execution of such Work; Now the Condition of the foregoing Recognizance is, That if the said AL2?. shall within the Time mentioned in such Contract well and truly execute such Work in the Manner required and agreed on by such Contract, then the foregoing Recognizance to be void, otherwise to remain in full Force and Effect

SCHEDULE (S-)

Table of Classification of Counties, Treasurers Securities, and Salaries of County Officers.

09

O

4 *

Counties, Cities, and Towns. County of City of City of

Gass I. Class 11. Class III. Class IV. Class V. Class VI. Cork. Cork. Dublin.

Treasurers Securities - 8, OCX) 7,000 5,000 4,000 2,000 1,000 20,000 4,000

S A LA ALES:

Treasurers 370 824 230 185 . - 554 185

Clerks of the Crown - 370 324 £30 185 74 47 462 185

Clerks of the Peace - 370 324 300 277 93 42 554 230

Secretaries to Grand ] Jury - -J f 203 185 140 120 37 28 324 111

Sheriffs 93 74 56 47 24 io 111 93

Judges Criers 14 12 10 10 5 S 20 10

Criers at Sessions 19 14 12 10 10 6 28 20

Court House Keeper] in County Towns - J 14 14 10 10 10 10 20 20

Medical Officers of Pri-

sons, vis.

Physician, or Surgeon, or Apothecary: In the whole, ex- 74 74 65 65 56 37 74 65

clusive of Bill for Medicines -

Number of Coroners,] L A. Q Q o A.

not exceeding - J r m

Class I. comprehends the^ Counties of -

'Tipperary, Down, Mayo, Galway, Antrim, Tyrone, Donegal, Derry, Limerick.

Class II. comprehends the« Counties of -

Clare, Roscommon, Kerry, Armagh, Cavan, Monaghan, Meath, Dublin.

Class III. Com- I prehends the« Counties of -

Class IV. comprehends the Counties of -

Class V. comprehends the Cities and Towns of

Class VI. com prehends the I Town of -

Wexford, Kilkenny, Sligo, King's County, Fermanagh, Westmeath, Queen*s County.

Waterford, Wicklow, Louth, Longford, Leitrim, Kildare, Carlow.

Waterford, Limerick, Kilkenny, Galway.

Drogheda.

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 116. 759

760

C. 116, 117; 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

SCHEDULE (T.)

Salaries for Officers in the County of the Town of Oxrridfergus.

£ s. d.

Treasurer - 45 0 0

Clerk of the Crown - 23 1 6

Clerk of the Peace - 24 0 0

Secretary - 13 17 0

Sheriffs - 7 7 8

Judge's Crier - 2 0 0

Sessions Crier - - 2 0 0

<£117 6 2

For the Clerks of the Crown in the Towns of Youghal and Kinsale, to be presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Cork, £24.

For the Clerks of the Peace for the Towns of Youghal and Kinsale, to be presented by the Grand Jury of the County of Cork, £24.

Note.- Whensoever any Clerk of the Crown for the Counties in the First Class shall execute the Duty of his Office for more than One County of such Class, in every such Case the Salary for such Clerk of the Crown shall, for such Counties of the First Class, be presented at £324 only.

I do declare, That I have not, directly or indirectly, given, paid, or secured, or promised to pay, give, or secure, nor has any Person on my Behalf to my Knowledge or Belief given or promised to give, any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever in order to procure myself to be appointed to the Office of Secretary of the Grand Jury, Treasurer, et ctctera [as the Case may fie], of the County of and that will not hereafter pay, secure,

or give to any Person or Persons any Money or any Security for Money in consideration of or in consequence of my having been appointed to such Office: And I do declare, That my Appointment to such Office is totally unconnected with any Arrangement between me and my Predecessor in such Office, nor has any such Arrangement been made by any Person or Persons on my Behalf to my Knowledge or Belief.

CAP. CXV1L

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown.

[20 th August 1836.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the

55 G. J. c.l9l« 1 Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to

authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for erecting an Bar- hour for Ships to the Eastward (/Dunleary, within the Port and

Harbour of Dublin, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ' or Governors of Ireland for the Time being are authorized from 1 Time to Time to appoint fit Persons, as therein mentioned, to ' be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas ' by an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of the said

A.D. 18S6,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

761

said King, intituled An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin, and also by another Act passed in thoJFirst Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Modesty, for erecting an Harbour for Skips to the Eastward of Dunleary, 4 within the Port of Dublin, and to provide for the Erection of a 4 Western Pier to the said Harbour of Dunleary, certain Powers and Authorities were and are vested in the said Commissioners appointed or to be from Time to Time appointed under the said first-mentioned Act, in respect to the Erection of the said Harbour and the Execution of other Works connected therewith, 4 which said Harbour is now in course of Erection, but is still unfinished: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and by a certain other Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of the same King, intitilled An Act for repairing and preserving the Wails of the River Anna Lififey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering 4 4 the Port and Harbour more commodious, ' certain Powers and Authorities are given to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin relative to the supplying of Ships and other Vessels in the Port and Harbour of Dublin with B&llast, and the Collection of certain Rates and Dues for the same, and also relative to the Improvements of the old Harbour of Dunleary, and other Purposes connected with the proper Superintendence and Management of the same: And whereas it is expedient that the several Rights, Powers, and Authorities so vested in the said Corporation in and over that Part of the Port of Dublin which is now or shall hereafter be comprised in and occupied by the said new Harbour now in course of Erection, and also in and over the further Space of Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, and also in and over the said old Harbour of Dunleary, should cease and determine, and that the said Two Harbours should be for ever hereafter to all Intents and Purposes One Harbour, under the Name and Style of Kingstown Harbour," and that the exclusive Superintendence, 4 Control, and Management of the same, together with similar and more extensive Powers, should be permanently vested in the Commissioners now or from Time to Time hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Part of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth as enacts, that when the said new Harbour now in course of Erection should be completed it should from thenceforth be vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and supported in the Manner therein provided, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IT. AnH

56 G. S. c. 62. 1 G. 4. c. 69.

26 G. 3. (I.) 32 G. 3. (I.)

Part of 1 G. 4. c. 69. repealed.

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

All Ground pr other Property in or about the old Harbour of Dunleary belonging to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, transferred to the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour.

AllRight%&c.of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin in respect to old Dunleary or Kingstown Harbour to cease, and to become vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour;

except those relative to Lighthouses and Pilots.

Recited Acts to remain -in force, and to apply to aid Dunleary -bour.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Ground or other Property which is now vested in or belongs to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin in or about the said old Harbour of Dunleary, and the Piers, Wharfs, and Quays thereof or in any Manner connected therewith, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners now or hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, subject nevertheless to the Payment or Performance of any Rent or Covenant to the Payment or Performance of which the said Corporation may be liable in respect of such Lands, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Commissioners had been originally liable thereto instead of the said Corporation; and the said Commissioners shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and become liable to all such Rents and Covenants, and the said Corporation shall be and are hereby exonerated and discharged therefrom.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing yf this Act all the Powers and Authorities, Rights and Privileges given to the said Corporation in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third or either of them, or in or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Supply or Discharge of Ballast to or from Ships or other Vessels within said old Harbour of Dunleary, or within the said new Harbour now in course of Erection, or within the Space of Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, and the Charge of Rates and Dues for such Ballast, and also relative to the collecting and levying of any Rates or Entries on- Ships or Vessels, or Boats, Wherries, or other Bottoms, resorting to or frequenting the said Harbours, or either of them, or relative to any other Matter, Thing, or Purpose connected with the said Harbours or either of them, or the said Space of Five hundred Yards, except as herein-after provided, shall from and after the passing of this Act absolutely cease and determine, and that like Powers and Authorities, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall become vested in and lawfully exercised by the said Commissioners now or from Time to Time hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or shall be construed to extend to take away, abridge, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin with respect to Lighthouses and Pilots within the said Two several Harbours and the Space of Five hundred Yards, but that all such Powers and Authorities shall remain and continue to be vested in the said Corporation in as full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third and of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and all the Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except so far as the same are altered, amended,

id or

A.D. 1836.

. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

763

or repealed by this Act, and that the said Acts and all the Provisions thereof shall also apply so far as the same are applicable to the said old Harbour of DunUary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said old Harbour of The old Har-Dunleary, and the said new Harbour now in course of Erection, b°ur of Dun-shall constitute and be to all Intents and Purposes but One Harbour, leary the^ under the Name and Title of " Kingstown Harbour," and that all ^nstitulte but the Provisions herein-after contained in this Act shall be deemed One Harbour, or taken, so far as the same are applicable, to extend and apply to under the Title the said Two Harbours so included under the said Name and Title of " Kingstown of Kingstown Harbour;" and that the Term " Commissioners of Harbour>" Kingstown Harbour," in the subsequent Provisions of this Act, shall be understood to mean the Commissioners now or from Time to Time hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Autho- Commissioners rities hitherto possessed by the said Corporation for preserving n»y supply all

and improving of the Port of Dublin in respect to supplying Harbour" 4 Ballast to Ships and other Vessels in said Kingstown Harbour, and with Ballast, and discharging Ballast from the same, at certain Rates and Charges, in the and by this Act transferred to and vested in the said Commis- Discharge of sioners of Kingstown Harbour, should be more explicitly defined, Ballast from all and that the said Commissioners should have Power to levy and sh, p *

collect the same Rates by way of Tonnage upon all Ships and other Vessels coming into arriving at the scud Harbour as the said Corporation might have levied in case this Act had not been made be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour and they are hereby authorized and empowered to furnish Ballast to and also to take Ballast from or assist in the Discharge of Ballast from all Ships and other Vessels requiring the same in said Kingstown Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, at the Rates hereinafter mentioned: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend Not to affect to abridge or affect any exclusive Right or Privilege now vested Right of Cor. in or belonging to the said Corporation for preserving and im- J£rt^OIJr|21 proving the Port of Dublin to supply with Ballast Ships or Vessels BalUst Vessels discharging their Cargoes within any Part of the said Port of discharging Dublin, except the said Harbours of Kingstown and old Dunleary their Cargoes as united under this Act, nor to repeal or remit any Penalty to at Dublin, which the Master or Commander or other Person in charge of any Ship or Vessel may now be by Law liable for buying or causing to be bought from any Person other than the said Corporation or their Officers any Ballast for the Use of such Ship or Vessel within any Part of the said Port of Dublin, except only the said Harbours so united.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Master or Commander of Tonnage to be every Ship or Vessel that shall take in or put out any Ballast within charged for the said Harbour shall pay to the Officer who shall be lawfully ukil?K in or authorized by the said Commissioners to receive the same such out

Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding in any such Case the Amount which the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin might have been authorized to charge for taking in or putting out such Ballast into or out of such Ship or Vessel in case this Act had not been made.

C. 1 IT.

6° & 7« GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty on Persons taking In or putting out Ballast, except in manner directed by the Commissioners.

Penalty on obtaining Ballast, except from Commissioners.

IT Ballast Officer neglect to supply Ballast, Master of Ship may employ Carts Ibr that Purpose, and obtain Ballast elsewhere.

Commissioners may quarry for ballast.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Ballast shall be taken in discharge from any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, except at such Place, by suc& Means, and in such Man* ner as shall be from Time to Time appointed and directed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or by the Ballast Master of the said Harbour acting under their Instructions; and that every Person who shall at any Time act contrarily to the then existing Regulations as fixed by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of this Act, for taking Ballast from Ships or Vessels in Hie said Harbour, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and above all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place such Ballast or other Matters as may have been deposited contrary to the said Regulations, such Penalty and Expences to be recoverable in the same Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That if the Master or Commander or other Person in charge of any Ship or Vessel which shall be in the said Harbour shall buy or purchase, or cause or procure to be bought or purchased, from any Person or Persons other than the said Commissioners or other Officer appointed in that Behalf, any Ballast whatsoever for the Use of such Ship or Vessel, or shall permit or suffer any Ballast whatever to be put on board or taken from such Ship or other Vessel other than what shall be duly accounted for to the said Commissioners or their said Officer, or be received or delivered by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, then not only the said Master or Commander, but also such Person or Persons as shall so sell or provide such Ballast or as shall deliver to or take from such Ship or Vessel any Ballast not accounted for to the said Commissioners or other Officer as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds each, the same to be recovered in like Maimer as other Penalties under this Act are directed to be recovered.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case the Ballast Master for the Time being of the said Harbour shall neglect or refuse to take off from or deliver Ballast to any Ship or Vessel within the said Harbour, within Twenty-four Hours after Notice in Writing so to do shall have been given to him or left at his Office by the Commander or Master of any such Ship or Vessel, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commander or Master of such Ship or Vessel, at any Time after Notice in Writing of such Neglect shall have been given or left by him at the Office of the said Ballast Master, to obtain from any Person whatsoever as much Ballast as he may require, and to employ any Cart, Drag, Waggon, or other Vehicle for the Carriage thereof; and that in every such Case, upon Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Officer in this respect authorised, every such Master of any Ship or Vessel shall have his Discharge and Clearings out of the said Harbour, provided he shall have paid the other Duties imposed by this Act or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in force in Irdcmd relative to the said Harbour.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, their Agents,

10 Servants,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

7t>v

Servants, and Workmen, to quarry, dig, take, remove, and carry away Stone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials out of and from jail or any of such Quarries, Land, or Ground as now are or hereafter at any Time shall be in the Tenure, Possession, or Occupation of the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, or otherwise howsoever, without making further Compensation for the same to the Owners of said Quarries, in the same Manner as they are now authorized to quarry and carry away the same for the Purposes of the said Act, and to use, apply, and dispose of the same for the Purpose of Ballast for any Ship or Vessel lying and being in or frequenting the said Harbour.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, for every Ton of the Burthen of each and every Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom coming into the said Kingstown Harbour or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, the several Duties and Sums of Money which the said Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint and direct, not exceeding the several Duties and Sums of Money which the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin might have been authorized to charge for every Ton of the Burthen of each and every such Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom if this Act had not been made, in addition to such Sums as by the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third are imposed upon like Ships or Vessels coming into that and other Parts of the Port of Dublin, and payable to the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in the said Port of Dublin.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained relative to the levying of such Rates and Duties as last aforesaid shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or that shall or may be employed in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the Post Office, Excise, or Customs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander or other Person having charge of any Ship or other Vessel, or any Owner or Consignee, or any other Person owing or having charge of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes imported into or exported or intended to be exported from said Kingstown Harbour, shall by short Entries or by any other Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times, evade or attempt to evade the Payment, either in the whole or in part, of any of the Rates or Duties made payable by this or by any former Act now in force having relation to the said Harbour, each and every Person so evading or attempting to evade Payment thereof as aforesaid shall stand charged with and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of the Rates or Duties so evaded or attempted to be so evaded, and such Sum shall be recovered from such Master, Owner, Consignee, or other Person or Persons respectively in such Manner as herein-after directed for levying and recovering Penalties and Forfeitures.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Ship or other Vessel which shall arrive in the said Harbour

Rates and Duties to be levied on all Ships coming into the Harbour.

Not to extend to those belonging to or in the Service of His Majesty, &c.

Penalty on Masters or Commanders of Ships evading or attempting to evade Payment of Rates and Duties.

Penalty on Master leaving the Harbour

cm.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

766

witham paying Harbour shall sail therefrom without paying to the said Com-

* ? f*"1 missioners of the and Harbour, or to the Officers who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, the fall Amount of all such Tonnage Rates, Ballast Rates, Quayage Rates, and all such other Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be payable in respect to such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner, Master, or Commander thereof, and without having obtained a Discharge or Clearance from the said Commissioners or from the Person having Authority under this Act to give the same; and that if any Ship or other Vessel shall sail without having paid such Rates, Duties, Penalties, andf Sums of Money as aforesaid, the Master or Commander thereof shall forfeit to the said Commissioners the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall be also personally subject and liable to the Payment of the full Amount of all such Rates and Duties as shall be then so due and payable; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Time after such Ship or other Vessel shall have so sailed, to recover the Amount of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money by an Action at Law against such Master or Commander in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in this Kingdom, or by Civil Bill, at the Option of the said Commissioners, and to arrest and implead such Master or Commander, and to hold him to special Bail [in such Action, the chief Collector of the said Harbour or the Secretary of the said Commissi oners first ascertaining the Amount of such Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable, by Affidavit before a Judge of or any Officer or Person authorized to take Affidavits in the Court in which such Action shall be intended to be brought, or before a Magistrate or Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Behalf; and further that such Ship or other Vessel so sailing shall be liable to and charged and chargeable as well with the said Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds as with all such Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable as aforesaid, and such reasonable Expences as shall be necessarily incurred by the said Commissioners or their Officers in consequence of such Ship so sailing; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under Hands of them or of any Two of them, to be directed to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit for that Purpose, at any Time after the said Ship or other Vessel shall have so sailed, to seize and distrain such Ship or other Vessel, if found within any Port, Harbour, or Creek within the United Kingdom, and all her Sails, Mast, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture, for the Payment of the said Forfeiture and of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be then payable upon or in respect of such Ship or other Vessel by such Master or Commander, of such Expences as aforesaid, whether such Ship or other Vessel shall at the Time of such Seizure be commanded by or be in charge of the same Master or Commander who commanded or had the Charge of the same at the Time the said Ship or Vessel so sailed, or not; and that in case the said Penalty, and all such Arrears as aforesaid of the said Rates and Duties, and alsq said Expences, shall not be paid to the said Commissioners or their proper Officer within Seven Days after such Seizure, it shall and

may

A.D. 1836.

0° & 7* GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

767

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall have been directed as aforesaid, to sell and dispose of the said Ship or other Vessel, and all her Sails, Masts, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for Payment of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable as aforesaid, and said Expences, and that it shall be at the Discretion of the said Commissioners either to enforce Payment of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money, from the said Master or Commander aforesaid, or by seizing and distraining such Ship or other Vessel, and the Sails, Masts, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture thereof, as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Ballast Dues, and all and every other Dues and Duties, Payments and Sums of Money whatsoever by this Act or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland imposed upon or made payable to the said Commissioners for or in respect of Ships or other Vessels entering into, lying, or being in the said Harbour, or making use of the Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or Moorings of the said Harbour, and likewise all Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Sums of Money whatsoever made payable under this Act and the said other Acts, and which shall from Time to Time be recovered and received, shall from Time to Time (except as to One Moiety of the said Penalties, which it is hereby declared shall be paid to the Informer,) be applied by the said Commissioners to and for paying the Expences of maintaining and regulating said Kingstown Harbour in manner herein provided, and to and for the other Purposes of this Act; and that in case there shall be any Overplus in the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Money arising from such Duties and Payments as aforesaid beyond what shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes of this Act or the said Acts, then such Overplus shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, towards making good such Sum or Sums as have been or shall be advanced thereout under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the Purposes last aforesaid.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year 1 of the Reign of King George the Third Power is given to the ' said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour to enter upon certain 1 Lands and Premises within the Limits therein mentioned, and to

dig for and take Materials for the Purposes of said Act, upon the 1 Terms and in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas by ' virtue of certain Agreements heretofore made and entered into

by the said Commissioners with certain Persons who severally claimed to have an Ownership in the Commons of Dalkey in the ' County of Dublin, certain Quarries in the Neighbourhood of 1 Dalkey aforesaid have been opened and worked by the said ' Commissioners for the Purpose of the said Act, and vast Quantities of Materials, Rubble, and Stuff, not required for the said 1 Purposes, have accumulated, and from Time to Time will necessarily accumulate in and about the said Quarries which the said

Com-

Application of Monies received by the Commissioners under this Act.

Commissioners may sell surplus Materials out of the Quarries. 56 G. S. c. 62.

768

C. 117.

68 & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners may permit their Tramroads to be used by Persons paying for same.

Commissioners may grant Leases of the Tramroads.

1 Commissioners are by the Terms of the said Agreements prohibited from applying to any other Purposes than those of the ' said Act; and it is considered advisable, for the better working ' of the said Quarries, and for the Benefit of the said Harbour, to ' give the said Commissioners Power to dispose of such Materials,

Rubble, and Stuff; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour from Time to Time to dispose of all the surplus Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials which heretofore had been or which hereafter shall be raked from the said Quarries by the said Commissioners, or their Agents or Servants, and also all other surplus Materials, of what Nature or Kind soever, which heretofore have accumulated, or which shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter accumulate in or about the said Quarries, or about or near the said Harbour or other Works connected therewith, and which shall not be required for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, and for that Purpose the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to enter into and execute Contracts, Bills of Sale, and Assignments of such Quantity of such surplus Materials as they shall desire or think proper to dispose of; and the Consideration or Purchase Money on such Sale or Sales shall and may be paid and applied by the said Commissioners for the Time being in such Manner and for such Purposes connected with the said Kingstown Harbour as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XIX. And whereas it would much encourage the quarrying or working of the Beds or Fields of Granite in the Vicinity of Kingstown and Dolby if the Carriage therefrom of Materials quarried or raised thereout were facilitated by permitting the Tramroads or Railways belonging to the said Commissioners to be used for that Purpose be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Kmgaiawm Harbour, at any Time hereafter, to permit any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Body Corporate or Sole, to make use of the said Tramroads or Railways for the Purpose of the Carriage or Conveyance of Stone, Materials, and Stuff from Time to Time dug, quarried, or raised from or out of the Beds or Fields of Granite aforesaid, subject to such Rates or Charges for the Use of the same not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Mile of Statute Measure as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, and subject also to all such Rules and Regulations for the safe and proper using of the said Tramroads or Railways as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, if the same shall appear to them advisable, to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Tramroads or Railways, and of all or any of the Branches thereof or any Part of the same respectively, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Sole, who may be willing to farm or rent the same; provided that no such Lessees shall during his or their Occupancy of the said Tramroad or Railway charge for the Carriage of such Stone, Materials, or Stuff aforesaid any greater Sum thim the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Mile of Statute Measure; and

provided

A.D. 180. 6a & 70 GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

provided also, that 'the said Commissioners, their Servants and Workmen, shall at all Times have the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Tramroads or Railways, and of the Branches thereof, for the Purposes of the said Harbour, notwithstanding the same shall then be rented by or be in the Occupation or Possession of any such Lessee as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that a new Provision should be made for Payment of the Salary of the Harbour Master of ' said Kingstown Harbour, and that the Powers now vested in

the said Harbour Master under the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of king George the Fourth should be enlarged and ' more explicitly defined, and that proper Powers should be given ' to the said Commissioners for the Appointment of Collectors

and other Officers, and the due Regulation of the same; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Part of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth as respects the Salary of the Harbour Master shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from Time to Time to give and appoint such reasonable Salary or Allowance to the Harbour Master of said Harbour as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies which shall be from Time to Time in the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relative to said Harbour.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Harbour Master shall have full Power and Authority, by himself or his Assistants, subject always to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Directions of the said Commissioners, to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into or lying or being in the said Harbour, or in any Place being within the said Distance of Five hundred Yards from the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to regulate the Time or Times and the Manner of their Entrance into or going out of the said Harbours, and also to regulate the Position of such Ships or other Vessels in the said Harbour, and for that Purpose to order or direct them or any of them to be placed in or removed to the Position most convenient for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move, or remove such Ship or other Vessel according to such Direction, forthwith and immediately after Order or Notice from the said Harbour Master or his Assistants given or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or other Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling; and that in case of any such Refusal or Neglect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he or his Assistants are hereby authorized, to moor, unmoor, place, move, or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and the said Harbour Master is also hereby

6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 D authorized

709

The Commissioners to have at all Times free (Jse of the Tramroada.

So much of 1 G.4. c. 69. as relate* to the Salary of the Harbour Master repealed.

Commissioners, with Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, to give a reasonable Salary.

Harbour Master to hare Power to direct the mooring, unmooring, &c. of all Ships, &c.

Penalty on Master or Commander refusing to follow such Directions.

Harbour Master may execute them himself

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6

All Ground pr other Property in or about the old Harbour of Dunleary belonging to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, transferred to the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour.

AllRight^&c.of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin in respect to old Dunleary or Kingstown Harbour to cease, and to become vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour;

except those relative to Lighthouses ] and Pilots *

Recited Acts to remain in force, and to apply to old Dunleary Harbour.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Ground or other Property which is now vested in or belongs to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin in or about the said old Harbour of Dunleary, and the Piers, Wharfs, and Quays thereof or in any Manner connected therewith, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners now or hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, subject nevertheless to the Payment or Performance of any Rent or Covenant to the Payment or Performance of which the said Corporation may be liable in respect of such Lands, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Commissioners had been originally liable thereto instead of the said Corporation; and the said Commissioners shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and become liable to all such Rents and Covenants, and the said Corporation shall be and are hereby exonerated and discharged therefrom.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing if this Act all the Powers and Authorities, Rights and Privileges given to the said Corporation in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Yean of the Reign of King George the Third or either of them, or in or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Supply or Discharge of Ballast to or from Ships or other Vessels within said old Harbour of Dunleary, or within the said new Harbour now in course of Erection, or within the Space of Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, and the Charge of Rates and Dues for such Ballast, and also relative to the collecting and levying of any Rates or Entries on Ships or Vessels, or Boats, Wherries, or other Bottoms, resorting to or frequenting the said Harbours > or either of them, or relative to any other Matter, Thing, or Purpose connected with the said Harbours or either of them, or the said Space of Five hundred Yards, except as herein-after provided, shall from and after the pasting of this Act absolutely cease and determine, and that like Powers and Authorities, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall become vested in and lawfully exercised by the said Commissioners now or from Time to Time hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or shall be construed to extend to take away, abridge, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin with respect to Lighthouses and Pilots within the said Two several Harbours and the Space of Five hundred Yards, but that all such Powers and Authorities shall remain and continue to be vested in the said Corporation in as .full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third and of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and all the Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except so far as the same are altered, amended,

13 or

A.D. 1836.

. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

763

or repealed by this Act, and that the said Acts and all the Provisions thereof shall also apply so far as the same are applicable to the said old Harbour of Dunleary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said old Harbour of Dunleary, and the said new Harbour now in course of Erection, shall constitute and be to all Intents and Purposes but One Harbour, under the Name and Title of " Kingstown Harbour," and that all the Provisions herein-after contained in this Act shall be deemed or taken, so far as the same are applicable, to extend and apply to the said Two Harbours so included under the said Name and Title of Kingstown Harbour and that the Term Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour," in the subsequent Provisions of this Act, shall be understood to mean the Commissioners now or from Time to Time hereafter to be appointed under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities hitherto possessed by the said Corporation for preserving and improving of the Port of Dublin in respect to supplying Ballast to Ships and other Vessels in said Kingstown Harbour, and discharging Ballast from the same, at certain Rates and Charges,

and by this Act transferred to and vested in the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, should be more explicitly defined,

and that the said Commissioners should have Power to levy and collect the same Rates by way of Tonnage upon all Ships and other Vessels coming into arriving at the said Harbour as the said Corporation might have levied in case this Act had not been made be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour and they are hereby authorized and empowered to furnish Ballast to and also to take Ballast from or assist in the Discharge of Ballast from all Ships and other Vessels requiring the same in said Kingstown Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, at the Rates hereinafter mentioned: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to abridge or affect any exclusive Right or Privilege now vested in or belonging to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to supply with Ballast Ships or Vessels discharging their Cargoes within any Part of the said Port of Dublin, except the said Harbours of Kingstown and old Dunleary as united under this Act, nor to repeal or remit any Penalty to which the Master or Commander or other Person in charge of any Ship or Vessel may now be by Law liable for buying or causing to be bought from any Person other than the said Corporation or their Officers any Ballast for the Use of such Ship or Vessel within any Part of the said Port of Dublin, except only the said Harbours so united.

The old Harbour of Dunleary and the new Harbour to constitute but One Harbour, under the Title of *< Kingstown Harbour.

Commissioners may supply all Ships in Kingstown Harbour with Ballast, and assist in the Discharge of Ballast from all Ships.

Not to affect Right of Corporation to supply with Ballast Vessels discharging their Cargoes at Dublin.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Master or Commander of Tonnage to be every Ship or Vessel that shall take in or put out any Ballast within charged for the said Harbour shall pay to the Officer who shall be lawfully ukil?K " or authorized by the said Commissioners to receive the same such out

Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding in any such Case the Amount which the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin might have been authorized to charge for taking in or putting out such Ballast into or out of such Ship or Vessel in case this Act had not been made.

C. 117.

6° & 7« GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty on Persons taking in or putting out Ballast, except in manner directed by the Commissioners.

Penalty on obtaining Ballast, except from Commissioners.

IT Ballast Officer neglect to supply Ballast, Master of Ship may employ Carts for that Purpose, and obtain Ballast elsewhere.

Commissioners may quarry for Ballast.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Ballast shall be taken in discharge from any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, except at such Place, by suet Means, and in such Manner as shall be from Time to Time appointed and directed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or by the Ballast Master of the said Harbour acting under their Instructions; and that every Person who shall at any Time act contrarily to the then existing Regulations as fixed by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of this Act, for taking Ballast from Ships or Vessels in the said Harbour, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and above all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place such Ballast or other Matters as may have been deposited contrary to the said Regulations, such Penalty and Expences to be recoverable in the same Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That if the Master or Commander or other Person in charge of any Ship or Vessel which shall be in the said Harbour shall buy or purchase, or cause or procure to be bought or purchased, from any Person or Persons other than the said Commissioners or other Officer appointed in that Behalf, any Ballast whatsoever for the Use of such Ship or Vessel, or shall permit or suffer any Ballast whatever to be put on board or taken from such Ship or other Vessel other than what shall be duly accounted for to the said Commissioners or their said Officer, or be received or delivered by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, then not only the said Master or Commander, but also such Person or Persons as shall so sell or provide such Ballast or as shall deliver to or take from such Ship or Vessel any Ballast not accounted for to the said Commissioners or other Officer as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding the Sam of Ten Pounds each, the same to be recovered in like Manner as other Penalties under this Act are directed to be recovered.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case the Ballast Master for the Time being of the said Harbour shall neglect or refuse to take off from or deliver Ballast to any Ship or Vessel within the said Harbour, within Twenty-four Hours after Notice in Writing so to do shall have been given to him or left at his Office by the Commander or Master of any such Ship or Vessel, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commander or Master of such Ship or Vessel, at any Time after Notice in Writing of such Neglect shall have been given or left by him «t the Office of the said Ballast Master, to obtain from any Person whatsoever as much Ballast as he may require, and to employ any Cart, Drag, Waggon, or other Vehicle for the Carriage thereof; and that in every such Case, upon Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Officer in this respect authorised, every such Master of any Ship or Vessel shall have his Discharge and Clearings out of the said Harbour, provided he shall have paid the other Duties imposed by this Act or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in force in Ireland relative to the said Harbour.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, their Agents,

10 Servants,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7 GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

7ba>

Servants, and Workmen, to quarry, dig, take, remove, and carry away Stone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials out of and from jail or any of such Quarries, Land, or Ground as now are or hereafter at any Time shall be in the Tenure, Possession, or Occupation of the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, or otherwise howsoever, without making further Compensation for the same to the Owners of said Quarries, in the same Manner as they are now authorized to quarry and carry away the same for the Purposes of the said Act, and to use, apply, and dispose of the same for the Purpose of Ballast for any Ship or Vessel lying and being in or frequenting the said Harbour.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Rates and passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid to the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners to receive on ?u the same, for every Ton of the Burthen of each and every Ship,

Vessel, or other Bottom coming into the said Kingstown Harbour Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, the several Duties and Sums of Money which the said Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint and direct, not exceeding the several Duties and Sums of Money which the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin might have been authorized to charge for every Ton of the Burthen of each and every such Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom if this Act had not been made, in addition to such Sums as by the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third are imposed upon like Ships or Vessels coming into that and other Parts of the Port of Dublin^ and payable to the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in the said Port of Dublin,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Not to extend

Act contained relative to the levying of such Rates and Duties as those belong,

last aforesaid shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships orfinHth6

or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or Majesty°&c. that shall or may be employed in His Majesty's Service, or in

the Service of the Post Office, Excise, or Customs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Com- Penalty on mander or other Person having charge of any Ship or other Vessel, Master* or

or any Owner or Consignee, or any other Person owing or having of

charge of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes imported into or or tempting

exported or intended to be exported from said Kingstown Harbour, to evade P*y-

shall by short Entries or by any other Means whatsoever, at any ment of Rates

Time or Times, evade or attempt to evade the Payment, either in and Dulie# *

the whole or in part, of any of the Rates or Duties made payable

by this or by any former Act now in force having relation to the said Harbour, each and every Person so evading or attempting to

evade Payment thereof as aforesaid shall stand charged with and

forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of the Rates

or Duties so evaded or attempted to be so evaded, and such

Sum shall be recovered from such Master, Owner, Consignee,

or other Person or Persons respectively in such Manner as

herein-after directed for levying and recovering Penalties and

Forfeitures.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Penalty on

of this Act no Ship or other Vessel which shall arrive in the said I5av, nff

tt 1 the Harbour

Harbour

TOG

cm,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

witkM* paying Harbour shall sail therefrom without paying to the said Commissioners of the said Harbour* or to the Officers who shall be UeSa appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same* the full Amount of all such Tonnage Rates, Ballast Rates, Quayage Rates, and all such other Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums (>f Money as shall be payable in respect to such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner, Master, or Commander thereof, and without having obtained a Discharge or Clearance from the said Commissioners or from the Person having Authority under this Act to give the same; and that if any Ship or other Vessel shall sail without having paid such Rates, Duties, Penalties, andf Sums of Money as aforesaid, the Master or Commander thereof shall forfeit to the said Commissioners the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall be also personally subject and liable to the Payment of the full Amount of all such Rates and Duties as shall be then so due and payable; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Time after such Ship or other Vessel shall have so sailed, to recover the Amount of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money by an Action at Law against such Master or Commander in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in this Kingdom, or by Civil Bill, at the Option of the said Commissioners, and to arrest and implead such Master or Commander, and to hold him to special Bail [in such Action, the chief Collector of the said Harbour or the Secretary of the said Commissioners first ascertaining the Amount of such Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable, by Affidavit before a Judge of or any Officer or Person authorized to take Affidavits in the Court in which such Action shall be intended to be brought, or before a Magistrate or Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Behalf; and further that such Ship or other Vessel so sailing shall be liable to and charged and chargeable as well with the said Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds as with all such Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable as aforesaid, and such reasonable Expences as shall be necessarily incurred by the said Commissioners or their Officers in consequence of such Ship so sailing; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under Hands of them or of any Two of them, to be directed to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit for that Purpose, at any Time after the said Ship or other Vessel shall have so sailed, to seize and distrain such Ship or other Vessel, if found within any Port, Harbour, or Creek within the United Kingdom, and all her Sails, Mast, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture, for the Payment of- the said Forfeiture and of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be then payable upon or in respect of such Ship or other Vessel by such Master or Commander, of such Expences as aforesaid, whether such Ship or other Vessel shall at the Time of such Seizure be commanded by or be in charge of the same Master or Commander who commanded or had the Charge of the same at the Time the said Ship or Vessel so sailed, or not; and that in case the said Penalty, and all such Arrears as aforesaid of the said Rates and Duties, and also, said Expences, shall not be paid to the said Commissioners or their proper Officer within Seven Days after such Seizure, it shall and

may

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

767

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall have been directed as aforesaid, to sell and dispose of the said Ship or other Vessel, and all her Sails, Masts, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for Payment of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money as shall be so due and payable as aforesaid, and said Expences, and that it shall be at the Discretion of the said Commissioners either to enforce Payment of the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money, from the said Master or Commander aforesaid, or by seizing and distraining such Ship or other Vessel, and the Sails, Masts, Rigging, Tackle, and Furniture thereof, as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Ballast Dues, and all and every other Dues and Duties, Payments and Sums of Money whatsoever by this Act or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland imposed upon or made payable to the said Commissioners for or in respect of Ships or other Vessels entering into, lying, or being in the said Harbour, or making use of the Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or Moorings of the said Harbour, and likewise all Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Sums of Money whatsoever made payable under this Act and the said other Acts, and which shall from Time to Time be recovered and received, shall from Time to Time (except as to One Moiety of the said Penalties, which it is hereby declared shall be paid to the Informer,) be applied by the said Commissioners to and for paying the Expences of maintaining and regulating said Kingstown Harbour in manner herein provided, and to and for the other Purposes of this Act; and that in case there shall be any Overplus in the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Money arising from such Duties and Payments as aforesaid beyond what shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes of this Act or the said Acts, then such Overplus shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, towards making good such Sum or Sums as have been or shall be advanced thereout under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the Purposes last aforesaid.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third Power is given to the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour to enter upon certain

Lands and Premises within the Limits therein mentioned, and to

dig for and take Materials for the Purposes of said Act, upon the ' Terms and in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas by virtue of certain Agreements heretofore made and entered into by the said Commissioners with certain Persons who severally ' claimed to have an Ownership in the Commons of DaJhey in the County of Dublin, certain Quarries in the Neighbourhood of 4 DaUtey aforesaid have been opened and worked by the said 1 Commissioners for the Purpose of the said Act, and vast Quantides of Materials, Rubble, and Stuff, not required for the said 1 Purposes, have accumulated, and from Time to Time will necessarily accumulate in and about the said Quarries which the said

4 Com-

Application of Monies received by the Commissioners under this Act.

Commissioners may sell surplus Materials out of the Quarries.

56 G.S. c. 62.

768

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners may permit their Tramroads to be used by Persons paying for same.

Commissioners may grant Leases of the Tramroads.

1 Commissioners are by the Terms of the said Agreements prohibited from applying to any other Purposes than those of the ' said Act; and it is considered advisable, for the better working ' of the said Quarries, and for the Benefit of the said Harbour, to give the said Commissioners Power to dispose of such Materials, Rubble, and Stuff; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour from Time to Time to dispose of all the surplus Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials which heretofore had been or which hereafter shall be raised from the said Quarries by the said Commissioners, or their Agents or Servants, and also all other surplus Materials, of what Nature or Kind soever, which heretofore have accumulated, or which shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter accumulate in or about the said Quarries, or about or near the said Harbour or other Works connected therewith, and which shall not be required for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, and for that Purpose the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to enter into and execute Contracts, Bills of Sale, and Assignments of such Quantity of such surplus Materials as they shall desire or think proper to dispose of; and the Consideration or Purchase Money on such Sale or Sales shall and may be paid and applied by the said Commissioners for the Time being in such Manner and for such Purposes connected with the said Kingstown Harbour as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XIX. And whereas it would much encourage the quarrying or working of the Beds or Fields of Granite in the Vicinity of Kingstown and DaXky if the Carriage therefrom of Materials ' quarried or raised thereout were facilitated by permitting the ' Tramroads or Railways belonging to the said Commissioners to be used for that Purpose; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Kingttown Harbour, at any Time hereafter, to permit any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Body Corporate or Sole, to make use of the said Tramroads or Railways for the Purpose of the Carriage or Conveyance of Stone, Materials, and Stuff from Time to Time dug, quarried, or raised from or out of the Beds or Fields of Granite aforesaid, subject to such Rates or Charges for the Use of the same not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Mile of Statute Measure as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, and subject also to all such Rules and Regulations for the safe and proper using of the said Tramroads or Railways as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, if the same shall appear to them advisable, to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Tramroads or Railways, and of all or any of the Branches thereof or any Part of the same respectively, for any Term not exceeding Seven xears, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Sole, who may be willing to farm or rent the same; provided that no such Lessees shall during his or their Occupancy of the said Tramroad or Railway charge for the Carriage of such Stone, Materials, or Stuff aforesaid any greater Sum than the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Ton per Mile of Statute Measure; and

provided

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

provided also, that the said Commissioners, their Servants and Workmen, shall at all Times have the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Tramroads or Railways, and of the Branches thereof, for the Purposes of the said Harbour, notwithstanding the same shall then be rented by or be in the Occupation or Possession of any such Lessee as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that a new Provision should be made for Payment of the Salary of the Harbour Master of said KingHotOn Harbour, and that the Powers now vested in the said Harbour Master under the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth should be enlarged and ' more explicitly defined, and that proper Powers should be given to the said Commissioners for the Appointment of Collectors and other Officers, and the due Regulation of the same; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Part of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth as respects the Salary of the Harbour Master shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from Time to Time to give and appoint such reasonable Salary or Allowance to the Harbour Master of said Harbour as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies which shall be from Time to Time in the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relative to said Harbour.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such Harbour Master shall have full Power and Authority, by himself or his Assistants, subject always to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Directions of the said Commissioners, to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into or lying or being in the said Harbour, or in any Place being within the said Distance of Five hundred Yards from the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to regulate the Time or Times and the Manner of their Entrance into or going out of the said Harbours, and also to regulate the Position of such Ships or other Vessels in the said Harbour, and for that Purpose to order or direct them or any of them to be placed in or removed to the Position most convenient for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move, or remove such Ship or other Vessel according to such Direction, forthwith and immediately after Order or Notice from the said Harbour Master or his Assistants given or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or other Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling; and that in case of any such Refusal or Neglect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he or his Assistants are hereby authorized, to moor, unmoor, place, move, or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and the said Harbour Master is also hereby

6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 D authorized

769

The Commissioners to hare at all Times free (Jse of the Tremroadf.

So much of 1 6.4. c. 69-os relates to the Salary of the Harbour Master repealed.

Commissioners, with Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, to give a reasonable Salary.

Harbour Master to have Power to direct the mooring, unmooring, &c. of all Ships, Ac.

Penalty on Master or Commander refusing to follow such Directions.

Harbour Master may execute them himself

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Expences thereof to be borne by the Master or Commander.

Harbour Master may in case of Necessity cut Cobles.

HarbourMaster may remove Timber floating in the Harbour, and Wrecks.

Expence to be paid by Owners.

In case of Nonpayment, Commissioners may sell the Timber, &c. by public Auction; paying the Overplus, if any, to the Owners, after deducting Expences.

Penalty on Persons obstructing the mooring or unmooring of Vessels.

authorized and empowered in such Case to hire and employ a sufficient Number of proper Persons to remove such Ship or other Vessel to such Place or Position within the said Harbour as the said Harbour Master shall appoint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the reasonable Expences incurred by such mooring, unmooring, placing, moving, or removing of such Ship or other Vessel, and by such hiring as aforesaid, shall be paid and borne by the said Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, such Expences to be recoverable in such Manner as in case of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Harbour Master and his Assistants shall and may and he and they is and are hereby empowered, in case of urgent Necessity, and for preventing the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, to cut the Hope, Cable, or Hawser of any Ship or Vessel lying within the said Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards from the Entrance thereof, not being any of His Majesty's Ships of War or employed in the Service of His Majesty, which shall obstruct the Navigation or endanger the Safety of any other Ship or Vessel.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Harbour Master and his Assistants shall and may and he and they is and are hereby also empowered to remove any Timber or Rails floating in any Part of the said Harbours, and appearing in any Manner to obstruct or impede the free Navigation of the same or be injurious to Ships and other Vessels therein, and also to remove all Wrecks and other Obstructions which may from Time to Time be found in or upon the said Harbour; and that the Expence of removing such Timber, Wrecks, or other Matters causing such Obstruction or Obstructions as aforesaid shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Timber, Wrecks, or other Matters; and that in case the Owner or Owners thereof shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or if no Owner or Owners thereof shall appear within Fourteen Days after such Removal as aforesaid, then the said Harbour Master shall and he is hereby directed to report such Default to the said Commissioners, and that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered thereupon to issue their Warrant authorizing the said Harbour Master, or such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to sell by public Cant or Auction such Timber, Wrecks, or other Matters, or any of them, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the Expence of removing the same as aforesaid; and that, after paying and defraying such Expences, the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Sale shall be paid to such Person or Persons as shall show themselves to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to be the Owner or Owners of such Timber, Wrecks, or other Matters respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Master, Commander, or other Person or Persons having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring or unmooring, placing, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour or being within the said Distance of Five hundred Yards from the Entrance or Mouth thereof, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such

C. 117.

771

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously obstruct or maltreat the said Harbour Master, or any of his Assistants, in the Execution of his or their Duties or Business aforesaid, or in the doing of any Matter or Thing which the said Harbour Master and his Assistants are by this or any other Act now in force in Ireland empowered to do, every and each of such Person or Persons shall, except in such Cases where a Penalty of greater Amount is by this or any other Act in force relative to the said Harbour directed to be inflicted, severally forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Harbour Master, and all and every other Person and Persons acting in his Aid or Assistance, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for all and whatsoever he or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour shall and may (subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland for the Time being) appoint such Collector or Collectors, Ballast Master or Ballast Masters, and such other Officers as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act, and also from Time to Time may remove such Collector or Collectors, Ballast Master or Ballast Masters, or other Officer or Officers as they may think proper; and also shall and may, with the like Approbation, appoint to such Collector or Collectors, Ballast Master or Ballast Masters, or other Officer or Officers, such Salary or Salaries as they shall think reasonable and proper, and shall and may also pay the same from Time to Time out of any Monies which shall be in their Hands under this Act

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their own free Will, to appoint and pay out of the said Monies such and so many other Servants, Workmen, and Persons as they shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act or of said recited Acts, and that they shall and may also from Time to Time, at their Will and Pleasure, remove all or any of the said Officers or Persons, and, subject as aforesaid, appoint others in the Room or Stead of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die, or decline or become incapable to act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, shall and may, if they think proper so to do, take good and sufficient Security from each or any One of their Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers or Servants for the due Execution of their several and respective Offices and of the Trusts reposed in them respectively.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed Collector, Surveyor, Harbour Master, Ballast Master, or otherwise in the said Harbour, shall directly or indirectly exact, take, or accept, by any Ways or Means, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salary, Payment, or Allowance as shall be granted by the said Commissioners, every such Person so offending shall, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, forfeit and

3 D 2 pay

Penalty on Persons obstructing the Harbour Master in any ofvhia Duties.

HarbourMaster and Assistants J indemnified.

Commissioners may, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, appoint Collectors, &c.

Commissioners may appoint and remove Servants and Workmen.

Commissioners may take Security from Collectors, Ac.

Penalty on Collectors, &c. taking Fees.

772

C. 117.

6 & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Collector to levy and receive Dues.

[Proviso.]

Collector may distrain for Dues.

In esse of Nonpayment of Dues Commissioners may sell the Vessel, &c., and pay over the Surplus to the Owner.

Collectors and Officers to keep Accounts,

pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, such Penalty to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or otherwise, at the Option of the said Commissioners, in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Collector and Collectors or other Officer or Person having Authority under the said Commissioners for that Purpose shall and may levy, collect, and receive all Duties, Penalties, Payments, Sum and Sums of Money which are or shall be payable to the said Commissioners under this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland upon or in respect of Ships, Vessels, or other Bottoms entering into or lying or being in the said Harbour or within Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, and shall and may also levy, colled, and receive all and every other Duties, Penalties, Payments, and Sums of Money whatsoever payable to such Commissioners under this or any other Act in force in Ireland in respect of the said Harbour: Provided nevertheless, that such Collection and Receipt as aforesaid shall not be allowed to interfere with any individual or personal Authority given to any other Person under or by virtue of this Act for the Collection or Receipt of any Monies; and provided further, that nothing herein contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to repeal or interfere with the present Mode of collecting the Duties and Sums of Money payable under the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third to the Collector or any other Officer of the Port of Dublin.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner, Master, or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, Boat or Bottom, shall refuse or neglect to pay any of such Duties, Penalties, Payments, or Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid, to seize and distrain any such Ship or Vessel, Boat or Bottom, or the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and to detain the same until Payment shall be made of the said Duties* Penalties, Payments, Sum and Sums of Money, together with the Costs of such Distress; and that in case the same shall not be paid and satisfied within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the Time of making any such Distress as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Time being of the said Harbour to cause such Ship or Vessel, Boat or Bottom, and the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof, to be appraised, and the same or a sufficient Part thereof to be sold for the Payment of the Duties, Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Distress shall have been made, as also the reasonable Costs and Charges incurred in taking, keeping, appraising, and selling the same, rendering the Overplus (if any} of the Produce of such Sale to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, Boat or Bottom, Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture which shall have been so sold.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Collectors, Officera, and other Persons so appointed as aforesaid shall keep a true and perfect Account of all Duties, Penalties, Payments, Sum and Sums of Money which from Time to Time shall be received by them respectively by virtue of this Act or such other Act or Acts as

aforesaid,

. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

773

aforesaid, and shall, at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their Hands of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by the said Commissioners or by this Act, and of all Monies which shall have been by them and each of them severally and respectively received as aforesaid, and how much thereof hath been paid or disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Disbursements, and shall, if required, deliver up all such Goods, Matters, and Things as shall remain in their respective Hands or Custody, to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall also pay over all such Monies at such Times and in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any of such Collectors, Officers, or Persons appointed as aforesaid shall not make and render such Account, or produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners or their Secretary, and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Collector, Officer, or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings, Goods, Matters, and Things in his Custody or Power by virtue of his Office or belonging to the said Commissioners, or shall not give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the same, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized to cause an Action by Civil Bill or otherwise to be brought against the Collector, Officer, or Person so neglecting or refusing, for the Recovery of the Monies which shall be in his Hands, or the Goods, Matters, or Things which shall be in his Possession, with Costs of Suit; or that if Complaint be made by the said Commissioners or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Borough, or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and on his appearing, or in case he should not be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and that if upon the Confession of such Officer or Person, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised under this or any such other Acts as aforesaid shall be in the Hands of or due by such Officer or Person, such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, to cause such Money, by Warrant under his Hand, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and that if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person shall not be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if it shall in manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that any such Officer or

3 D 3 Person

Remedy against Officers making Defaults.

77 *

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners may place Buoys, &c. in the Harbour, and mark out Space along or in the Harbour to be kept open and free.

Masters or Commanders of Ships to pay

Person shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, Goods, Matters, or Things belonging to the said Commissioners relative to the said Harbour shall be in the Custody, Control, or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same, then that such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have given a true and perfect Account and made Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners touching the same, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive) , and until he shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers, or Writings, Goods, Matters, or Things as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction to the said Commissioners in respect thereto: Provided always, that no such Officer or Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXXVII. And whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour should possess full Power and

Authority to regulate the mooring and unmooring of all Ships ' or other Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour, ' and also to fix and determine the proper Stations therein to be

occupied by each of such Ship or other Vessel, whether engaged ' in taking in or putting out of Ballast or of a Cargo, and that they should also possess a direct Power and Control over all ' Boats and Bottoms plying in and about the said Harbour, and ' over the Boatmen belonging to the same, and also over all public Vehicles and Conveyances frequenting the Piers, Wharfs, ' and Quays of the said Harbour, and Drivers of the same, and ' also over all Porters seeking Employment as Packet Porters or otherwise in and about the said Harbour, and should have full Power and Authority to make such Rules and Regulations as

they may deem necessary respecting the same, for the Purpose of regulating the Conduct of the Masters and Commanders of such Ships or Vessels, or of said Boatmen, Drivers, Porters, or

other Persons similarly or otherwise employed in and about the ' said Harbour and the Works connected therewith, and for the Maintenance of good Order in the said Harbour be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, as they may see fit, to lay and place, or cause to be laid and placed, such Buoys, Moorings, Craft, or Dolphins as they shall from Time to Time deem necessary in the said Harbour, and also to cause such Space as they shall judge fit to be kept free and open along or near the Quays, Wharfs, and Moorings in and belonging to the said Harbour, to be marked out for that Purpose by Piles, Buoys, or other sufficient Marks.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Master or Commander or other Person or Persons in charge of any Ship or other Vessel which shall enter into or be within the

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

775

the said Harbour shall make use of any Cable, Hawser, or Anchor the Property of the said Commissioners, he or they shall pay to the Collector or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose such reasonable Rates, Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been previously fixed and determined by the said Commissioners.

XXXIX. And be it also enacted, That whenever any Ship, Vessel, or other Craft shall in any Manner, either by Accident or otherwise, hook or get foul of any of the Moorings laid down by the Commissioners of the said Harbour, the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall not proeced without the Assistance of the Harbour Master of the said Harbour to unhook or get clear of the same, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be paid by every such Owner, Master, or other Person, but shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the said Harbour Master, in order that full and effectual Aid and Assistance may be forthwith given for the Purpose of clearing such Ship, Vessel, or other Craft from such Moorings without Damage to the same, for which said Aid and Assistance every such Owner, Master, or other Person shall pay such reasonable Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, as shall be fixed and awarded by the said Commissioners, to be recoverable in the same Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be recovered.

XL. And be it enacted, That if the Master or Commander of any Ship or other Vessel which shall cast Anchor within the said Harbour shall not previously to so doing tie or fasten or cause to be tied or fastened a Buoy to such Anchor, in such Manner as that the said Buoy shall float in a conspicuous Manner, so that it may be plainly and easily seen in what Place such Anchor has been cast, such Master or Commander shall for every such Offence or Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall, in addition to the said Penalty, forfeit and pay the further Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for every Hour such Anchor shall so remain without such Buoy being so fastened thereto after Notice thereof shall have been given to the said Master or other Person in command of such Vessel by the said Harbour Master or other Person having Authority in that Behalf.

XLI. And whereas Ships or Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats,

1 and other Craft may sometimes be sunk in the Water or stranded

in the said Harbour, and in case the same or the Hulks thereof

were suffered to remain there they would occasion Damage to the said Harbour, or to the Ships and Vessels coming into or resorting

to the samefor Remedy thereof be it enacted, That when and as often as any Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft shall be sunk and stranded in the said Harbour, or within Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for the said Harbour Master, acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in case the Owner or Owners, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft shall refuse or neglect to weigh and raise the same for the Space of Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been so sunk or stranded, to cause the same to be weighed and raised, and to cause

3D 4- the

for Use of Cables, &c.

If Ships hook or get foul of Moorings the Masters of them not to unhook them without the Assistance of the Harbour Master, under Penalty of 10/.

Penalty on Masters or Commanden of Ships not fastening a Buoy to Anchor.

Commissioners may have sunken Vessels raised and sold.

776

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty on Persons casting Rubbish, &e. into Harbour.

Commissioners to hare the Power given to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin by 26 G, 3. (I.) and

32 G. 3. (I.) , and the Power over Cars, &c. given by 37 G. 3. (L) and 48 G. 3. c. 87.

the same, together with the Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel thereof or of any Part thereof respectively, and also all or any Part of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, and Effects which shall be found on board the same, to be sold by public Auction or otherwise, and thereby and therewith to pay the Charges and Expences of so weighing and raising such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Baige, Boat, or other Craft, and so clearing the said Harbour, and also the Charges and Expences of such Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons who by Law shall be entitled to the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft whatsoever, or any Person working any Quarry, Mine, or Pit near to the said Harbour, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall cast, throw, empty, unlade, or conduct, or cause or procure to be cast, thrown, emptied, unladen, or conducted, either from or out of any such Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft, or from the Shore, any Ballast, Stone, Slate, Gravel, Earth, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, Damage, or Washings into the said Harbour, or within such reasonable Limits beyond the said Harbour as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the said Commissioners, or into any Sewer or Stream that empties itself into the same, or into any Place or Situation on Shore where such Matter shall be liable to be washed into the same, either by ordinary or high Tides or by Storms or Land Floods, all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and besides all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place any of the said Matter which may have been deposited contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Expences to be recoverable in such Manner and with such Power of Commitment for Nonpayment thereof as in Cases of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have and exercise, according as they may judge expedient for the Maintenance of good Order in the said Harbour, all the Powers and Authorities whatsoever for the managing and punishing Persons having the Charge of Boats, Wherries, and other Craft entering or making use of the said Harbour which are contained in the said Two several Acts of Parliament made and passed respectively in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and which were thereby given to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Fort of Dublin, and also all the Powers and Authorities whatsoever for the managing and punishing of Persons having Charge of Coaches, Cars, Carriages, Carts, Drays, or any other Vehicle whatsoever licensed by the Superintendent Magistrate for the Preservation of the Peace within the District of the City of Dublin, or other Person or Persons qualified for that Purpose in the City of Dublin, which are contained in a certain Act made and passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament tike Lowe relating to Hackney and other Carriages plying in the City ef Dublin, its Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof,

8 and

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

777

and in a certain other Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu thereof and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, or which are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland relative to Coaches, Cars, Carriages, Carts, Drays, or any other Vehicles plying in the City of Dublin, its Suburbs, Liberties, and Environs.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissioners and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, as they shall y license see fit, to grant Licences, for such Time as they may think proper,

to the Owners and Proprietors of Boats, Wherries, and other Craft, in t^Hsrboun permitting them to ply the same respectively for Hire, and to lend out the same to all such Person or Persons as may be willing to hire the same; and that every Person who shall obtain any such Licence in respect to any Boat, Wherry, or other Craft shall pay for the same to the said Commissioners a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and that all such Boats,

Wherries, and other Craft shall be numbered as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall be registered by their Number and by the Names of their respective Owners with the Harbour Master for the Time being of the said Harbour, or with such other Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose; and the respective Owners thereof shall pay to the said Harbour Master, or such other Person as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for registering the same; and that each of such Owners and Proprietors aforesaid shall cause his registered Number, together with his Name, to be painted distinctly on a conspicuous Part of the Boat, Wherry, or other Craft, as the Case may be, and there to be kept and renewed as often as the same may be required; and that in case any of such Owners and Proprietors shall refuse or neglect so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissioners and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, as they may think fit, to grant Licences to such and so many Persons as they Packet Porters* may deem requisite to act as Porters in and about Packets coming into or lying in the said Harbour, or in and about the Wharfs,

Quays, and Landing Places of the same, for the Purpose of transporting Luggage, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes for expected Reward from the Person to whom the same shall belong.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioners lawful to and for the said Commissioners, whenever they shall see may withdraw fit, to deprive of his or her Licence any of such Owners or Pro- Licences, prietors of such Boats, Wherries, or other Craft, or any of such Packet Porters, to whom a Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioner* lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, and may make Bye they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time ^r^ules* to make and ordain such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations as to them may seem expedient, not being contrary to the

Provisions

778

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S6.

Commissioners may fix Penal ties for Breach of the Bye Laws.

Provisions of this Act nor to any Law or Statute in force in./re-land) for regulating and preserving the Moorings in and belonging to the said Harbour, and for regulating the mooring and unmooring of Ships or other Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour or the said Space of Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, and fixing the proper Stations therein to be occupied by the several Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats, or other Craft being in the same, and for regulating the licensing herein-before mentioned of all Boats, Wherries, and other Craft plying in the said Harbour, and of all Parties or other Persons employed in and about the said Harbour, and fixing the Limits within which Boats, Wherries, and other Craft so licensed shall ply, and for regulating the Conduct and Direction of the Masters and Commanders or other Person or Persons in charge of any Ship or other Vessel coming into, remaining in, or going out of said Harbour, and also for regulating the Conduct and Direction of the Owner or Proprietor or other Person or Persons in Charge or Management of any Boats, Wherries, or other Craft plying in or which shall arrive at and enter the said Harbour, and also for regulating the Conduct and Direction of all Persons who shall frequent the Piers, Wharfs, and Quays of the said Harbour with Coaches, Cars, Carriages, Carts, Drays, or other Vehicles, and ply the same for Hire, and of all Persons who shall be so as aforesaid licensed to act as Porters or in any other like Capacity in and about the said Harbour, or the said Wharfs, Piers, and Quays, and for fixing and regulating the Rates or Prices, Sum or Sums of Money, which it shall and may be lawful for such Owners or Proprietors or other Person in the Care and Management of such Boats, Wherries, or other Craft, or for such Partners or other Persons so as aforesaid licensed under this Act, to demand and receive from the Person or Persons who shall employ them according to their said several and respective Occupations, and also for the regulating of any other Matter, Thing, or Purpose connected with the said Harbour, or in any Manner tending to the Maintenance of good Order in the said Harbour, or upon the Wharfs, Quays, or Piers belonging to the same: Provided that no such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation shall be valid or binding unless the same shall have been approved by the Chief Justice of 1he King's Bench, or the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, in Ireland.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour and they are hereby authorized to fix and specify in the said Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations such Penalties to be inflicted on any Person or Persons offending against the same as to them shall seem expedient, and be approved of by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, in Irelandr, and not already fixed by any of the Provisions of this Act, the same to be recovered in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered: Provided always, that no such Penalty or Fine shall, except it is otherwise specially provided by this Act, exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings for each Offence,

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations may be from Time to Time varied and altered by the said Commissioners as they may see fit, and that the 6ame shall have as full Force and Effect as if the same were incorporated in this Act.

L. And it is hereby further enacted, That immediately upon the making thereof, and also from Time to Time whenever such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall in any Manner be varied or altered by the said Commissioners, they shall be forthwith published, by having the same written or printed upon Paper, or painted upon Boards, and hung up or exposed in some open, conspicuous, and frequented Part of the Piers, Wharfs, and Quays of the said Harbour, or in the Vicinity thereof, to the Intent that the same may be seen and read, and Extracts taken from the same, by Persons interested therein, and shall also be renewed when and as often as the same shall become obliterated, defaced, or destroyed.

LI. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person shall pull down or destroy any of such Boards, or obliterate or deface any of the Writing thereon, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by this Act, or any former Act or other Act having reference either to the said old Harbour of Dunleary or to said Kingstown Harbour, any Person or Persons is or are rendered liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Fine for or on account of any Offence, whether occasioned by the omitting or committing of any Deed, Action, or Thing contrary to the Form and Provisions of this Act or of any former or other Act, or contrary to any of the said Rules and Regulations to be made by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, and that such Offence shall have been committed by the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge of or by any Person on board of any Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft, it shall and may be lawful for the Harbour Master, or for the Person having Authority under this Act, to demand Payment of the said Penalty and Fine, and the Expences occasioned by and consequent on such Offence, and in case of Nonpayment of the same upon such Demand, to seize and distrain the Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft, or the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture thereof or any Part thereof, the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge of which or any Person on board which shall have so offended as aforesaid, and to detain the same until Payment of the said Penalty and Expences to the Person having Authority under this Act to receive the same; and until such Payment as aforesaid no Clearance or Discharge shall be allowed or granted for such Ship or other Vessel: Provided nevertheless, that no Boat or Wherry plying in the said Harbour shall on any one Occasion or for any single Offence be so detained by the said Harbour Master for any longer Space of Time than Four Days; and provided also, that the enforcing any of the said Penalties shall not in any Manner affect any Remedy which any Person or Persons shall or may have by Action or otherwise against the Person or Persons liable to the

Payment

779

Bye lews,

Rules, &c. may be varied.

Bye Laws and Rules to be published by printing them, or painting them on Boards in and about the Harbour.

Penalty on Persons defacing such Boards.

Ships or other Vessels may be seized and detained for Penalties.

780

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Penalty on Persons unmooring Boats without Leave of the Owners.

Penalty on Persons bathing except at the Places appropriated.

Penalty on Persons discharging Fire-arms in the Harbour.

Restriction as to Public Houses within 100 Feet of Road on Southwest Side of Harbour,

Payment thereof for any Damage or Injury which may have been done by the Act whereby such Penalty was incurred.

LILL ' And whereas it has been hitherto not uncommon for Persons having no Authority from the Owners so to do to take ' and remove Boats from their Moorings, and to use the same for the Purpose of returning to or getting on board of Ships and ' Vessels lying and being in the said Harbour during the Time of Night, or for other Purposes, and such Boats so removed are (often turned adrift in the said Harbour, to the great Injury and 1 Inconvenience of the Owners thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall loosen or remove from its Moorings any Boat or other Craft lying or being within the said Harbour without the Leave or Authority of the Owner thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, or at the Discretion of the Commissioners of the said Harbour, or of the Justice of the Peace herein-after mentioned, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to be kept at hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to bathe in the Waters inclosed within the Limits of the Piers of the said Harbour, or from any Part of the Piers, Wharfs, Quays, or Jetties of the said Harbour, or within One hundred Yards thereof, except at such Places and at such Times as shall be authorized and appropriated for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and that every Person or Persons so offending, after due Notice to the contrary shall have been given by the said Commissioners, and conspicuously posted on the Piers, Wharfs, or Quays of the said Harbour, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied by the said Commissioners as in the Case of other Penalties incurred under this Act

LV. And be it also enacted, That if any Person shall fire off or discharge any Description of Fire-arms in the said Harbour, or on or from the Piers, Wharfs, or Quays thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied by the said Commissioners as in the Case of other Penalties incurred under this Act

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Magistrates and others having Authority to grant Licences for the Sale of Beer or Spirits, or of any other Kind of Liquor, to grant any Licence, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for that Purpose in Writing, to any Person or Persons whatsoever to sell the same within One hundred Feet of the Road which runs along the South-west Side of the said Harbour, between the Two Piers thereof, save and except to the Occupiers of such Houses, the present Occupiers of which are now licensed for the Purpose aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

6°& 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 111

781

LVII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, and all Commissioner* and every of the Persons who have been from Time to Time here- indemnified, tofore or shall be hereafter appointed Commissioners of the said Harbour, shall be and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless of and from all Loss, Charges, Damages, Trouble, and Responsibility to which they are or might be subject and liable in consequence or by reason of any Acts, Matters, or Things which have been or shall be done and executed or authorized to be done and executed by any Two of them pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act: Provided however, that such Indemnity as aforesaid shall not be construed to exonerate any of such Commissioners from the personal Consequences of any wilful Misdeed or Default by him committed or suffered or to be committed or suffered.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissioners the Commissioners of the said Harbour, and each and every of to them, in all Matters and Things whatsoever having relation to the said Harbour or in any way concerning the same, or the Ships or Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Craft therein or frequenting the same, or the Owners, Masters, or Commanders thereof, or the Officers acting under the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed in or about the said Harbour, or concerning Offences committed against this Act or the said other Acts of Parliament herein recited and referred to, and also concerning all Offences against or Breaches of the Peace committed by any Person or Persons whomsoever in or about the said Harbour or the said Space of Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, or in or about any of the Wharfs, Quays, or Piers thereof, or in or about any of the Quarries, Works, or other Property of the said Commissioners connected with the said Harbour, or the Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, and other Craft within the same respectively, or within Five hundred Yards beyond the Entrance thereof, to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities as may belong to or be exercised by any Justice of the Peace of or for any County, City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Ireland\ with all such Powers of examining upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they and each of them is and are hereby individually authorized to administer) , and of hearing, determining, committing, and punishing, as is vested in or belongs to any such Justice of the Peace.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commissioner* the Commissioners for the said Harbour and they are hereby autho- y appoint rized and empowered to nominate, appoint, and swear in a sufficient CongUb*es> &c* Number of Peace Officers, Watchmen, and Constables, who shall act as such in and about the said Harbour, and shall during their Continuance in their said Offices have and enjoy all the Powers and Authorities, Privileges, and Immunities which Constables are invested with or have and enjoy by Law; and that if any of such Peace Officers, Watchmen, or Constables shall not faithfully observe, perform, and keep the Rules, Orders, and Regulations which shall have been made and appointed by the said Commissioners, or shall in any Manner neglect his Duty or misbehave himself in the Execution of his said Office, such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners for every such Offence any Sum not

C. 117.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Any Two of the Communoners qualified to act.

Offences against Harbour Acts to be heard by any Two of the Commissioners or a Justice of the Peace.

exceeding the Snm of Five Pounds, and if the said Commissioners shall think proper, he shall be immediately discharged from his said Office or Employment of Peace Officer, Watchman, or Constable.

LX. And be it enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Tilings which the said Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour are by this Act or by the said Two several Acts of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third and the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relative to said Harbour, required or authorized to do or execute in respect to the same, shall and may be done and executed by any Two of the said Commissioners for the Time being of the said Harbour.

LXI. And be it enacted, That all Offences whatsoever which by virtue or under the Authority of this Act or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force relative to the said Harbours are or shall be subject or punishable with any pecuniary Penalties, Fines, or Forfeitures, and also any Offence against this Act or any such other Act or Acts as aforesaid, and against any Bye Law, Rule, or Regulation so as aforesaid made in pursuance hereof, shall and may in every Case where no express or exclusive Provision exists or has been made to the contrary, be heard, adjudged, and determined in a summary Way by and before any Two of the said Commissioners of the said Harbour, or by and before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Dublin, or in and for the City of Dublin, and that the said Commissioners or Justice shall summon the Party or Parties accused, and examine into the Matter thereof; and that if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or on the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Commissioners or Justice is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) , the Party or Parties accused shall have been convicted of having committed such Offence or Offences, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners or Justice shall and may award to the Offender or Offenders such Punishment as by this Act or by any of the said other Acts, or by the said Bye Law, Rule, and Regulations, he or they is or are made subject and liable to; and that the Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, if any, which may have been so awarded, together with the Costs of Conviction, to be ascertained by such Commissioners or Justice, shall be forthwith paid by the Party or Parties so convicted as aforesaid; and that in case of Nonpayment thereof, then the same shall and may, by Warrant under die Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or Justice (which they and he are and is hereby empowered and authorized to grant) , be levied and recovered, together with the Costs of Conviction and Recovery, to be ascertained as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels and Effects of such Offender or Offenders, wheresoever such Goods, Chattels, and Effects can be found; and that the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, after deducting such Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, together with the Costs of Conviction and the reasonable Expences attendant upon such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners or

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 117.

783

or Justice to order the Offenders or Offender so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to ithe Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Justice for his or their Appearance before the said Commissioners or Justice on such Day as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day not being at a greater Distance than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; and that if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be found, or in case the said Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and such Costs as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith paid, or in case it shall appear to such Commissioners or Justice, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders or otherwise, that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not sufficient Goods, Chattels, and Effects whereon such Penalties, Fines, or Forfeitures, and Costs, may be levied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Justice, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their or his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Fines, or Forfeitures, together with all such Costs and Expences as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence in any of the said Cases before such Commissioners or Justice of the Peace or Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall without a reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by such Commissioners or Justice of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, a reasonable Sum having been paid or tendered to such Person for his Charges, or if upon appearing he shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of Quaker or Moravian upon solemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before such Commissioners or Justice of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Commissioners or Justice of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, then and in any of the said Cases such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures within this Act

LXIII. And be it enacted, That upon any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture under this Act, or under any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force relative to said Harbour, any Informer or other Person, who in the event of a Conviction would be entitled by Law or by any Promise or Agreement to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward, or Emolument whatsoever, or who may expect the same respectively, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness

Penalty on Witness refusing to attend and give Evidence.

Informer to be a Witness.

---

784 C. 117. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836

on such Trial or other Proceeding, and that such Testimony shall, if believed, be sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purposes as far as the same Testimony could be if given by an indifferent Person.

[Public Act.]

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded

[Local & Private acts to separate file.]

