A.D. 1838. 1° & 2° VICTORIA. C. 1 — iii. 675

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as art temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Tide.

(a) For 31 Years, , fyc. c. [i. e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act

(b) For 31 Years, &c.from the passing of the Act.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and others," without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and other Works at Paington in the County of Devon.

[30th March 1838.] [Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Employ of the Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Toll, §80. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 125 .; and of the Lords of the Manor of Paington, § 126 .; and of the Duchy of Cornwall, § 127; and of the Crown, §129.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of MiU&n-next- Sittingborne in the County of Kent.

[30th March 1838.]

{^Penalty on Persons using Forges and not preventing the Light from shining into Streets, §66. Penalty on firing Chimnies, § 67- Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Milton, §117.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to alter and enlarge some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for better repairing the Roads from War-

X x 2 minster

676

jrm

C.m — vin.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

minster and from Frome to the Bath Road, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[30th March 1838.]

[Powers of 3 Sf 4 W. 4. c. lxxviii. extended to this Act, §1.] Cap. iv.

An Act for extending the Time for completing the London and Greenwich Railway.

[11th April 1838.]

Cap. v.

An Act for regulating the Market in the Town of Exmouth in the County of Devon.

[11th April 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of Lord RoUe, §32.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Hale-worthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads to communicate therewith. (6) [11th April 1838.]

[6 G. 4. c. xl. repealed, §1. Only Two Thirds of Tolls to be paid for Carriages with broad Wheels, §18. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §19. One Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing between Haleworthy and the Bridge at the East End of Camelford, and between Camelford and the East End of Wadebridge, and between the West End of Wadebridge and Saint Columb, and between Saint Columb and the West End ef Mitchell, §20. No Exemption for Agricultural Produce, Manure, , fyc. c., unless Tires of Wheels be of a certain Breadth, §24. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §25. Saving of Duchy Rights, §33.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Kincardine. (a) [11th April 1838.]

[j Powers oflSf2W.4f. c. 43. extended to this Act, §1. 57 G. 3* c. lii. repealed, §2. Tolls to be taken only once in Six Miles, §13. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §14. No more Money to be laid out on any Road than is collected thereon, §19.]

Cap. viii.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ribble in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the further Improvement of the Navigation of the said River.

[9th May 1838.]

[46 G. 3. c. exxi. repealed, §1. Certain Vessels and Boats exempted from Toll, H 95. 99, 100, 101. Act not to extend to Vessels laden with Manure, Paving Stones, or Road Materials within the Port of Preston, § 103 .; nor to Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, or the Employ of the Admiralty, Ordnance. Customs, Excise, or Post Office, §106. Satnng the Rights of the

A.D. 1838.

1° & 2° VICTORIAE.

C. viii — xiv.

677

the Trinity House, $ 128 .; and of the Liverpool Corporation, $ 171 .; and of the Lords and Lady of the Manor of Meols, § 173 .; and of R. J. J. Norreys, Esq^ § 175*3

Cap. ix.

An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the West India Dock Company and the East India Dock Company; and to consolidate the said Companies.

[9th May 1838.]

[.Powers of 2 W. 4. c. liL (except as altered) extended to this Act,

fi-3

Cap. x.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from Cookham in the County of Berks to the opposite Shore in the County of Bucks.

[9th May 1838.]

£ The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, Vagrants and Prisoners, exempted from Toll, §75.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge or Bridges over the Harbour of Portsmouth from or near a Place called Gosport Beach, in the Parish of Alverstoke in the County of Southampton, to the opposite Shore, to or near a Place called Portsmouth Point, in the Parish of Portsmouth in the said County, with proper Approaches thereto.

[9th May 1838.]

[Her Majesty's Ships not to be obstructed, §107. Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Portsmouth, $124-.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for providing Market Places, and for regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Brecon in the County of Brecon.

[9th May 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Brecon, §82.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Borough of Tenby in the County of Pembroke; and for regulating and maintaining the Harbour and Pier belonging thereto.

[9th May 1838.]

[Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Employ of the Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Toll, $72.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Improvement of the Town of Leominster in the County of Hereford.

[9th May 1838.]

[.Powers of 48 G. 3. c. cxlviii. extended to this Act, §1.]

C. xv — xviii.

.1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

678

Cap. xv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Ashbyde-lfrZouch and other Places in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford,

[9th May 1838.]

[Seepost, Cap. xci.

Cap. xvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Top of Odsall near Bradford through Wibsey Low Moor to Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, (a)

[9th May 1838.]

[11 G, 4. c, lxxxvii. repealed, §1. No Exemption allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, §12. Five full Tolls only to be taken on the same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Road, §14. Saving the Rights of the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, §24.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Road from Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads branching out of the same, (a) [9th May 1838.]

[25 G, 2. c. 22. 29 G. 2. c. 93. 28 G. 3. c. 112. and 56 G, 3. c. liii. repealed so far as they relate to the Ellesmere District, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §8. Two full Tolls

only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates between Shrewsbury and Ellesmere, or between Ellesmere and Wrexham, or between Harmer Hill and Whitchurch, and One Toll only on any of the other Roads, §9. No more Money to be laid out on Roads than is collected therton, §17. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §18. Materials for Roads not exempted from Toll during the Winter Months, unless in hard frosty Weather, §21.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Combmartin in the County of Devon to Bratton Down in the same County, and several other Roads in the Neighbourhood thereof. (5)

[9th May 1838.]

[One full Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing over the whole Line from Combmartin to Blackmores, and Two full Tods only from Blackmores to Mockham Gate, and One full Toll only from Easter Close to Arlington Bridge, or from Arlington Bridge to SherwiU Cross, or from Rowley Cross to Kentisbury Fori or from Combmartin Church to Berry Down Cross, §15. Toils to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §16. No more Money to be laid out on any Road than is collected thereon, §23. Toft not to be expended in repairing Streets, §24.]

2

A.D. 1838.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

C.xix — xxv.

079

Cap. xix.

An Act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Lower King's Ferry Roads in the Counties of Flint and Chester, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[9th May 1838.]

[Powers of 5 $ 6 W. 4>. c. lxxxviii. extended to this Act, §1. Act to continue in force for the Term of the recited Act, §16.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to enlarge their Station in the Parish of Saint Olave in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway and Station.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 5 &r 6 W. 4. c. x. fy 7 W.b. c. cxxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to enable the St. Helen's and Runcorn Gap Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 11 G. 4. c. lxi. and fy 5 W. 4. c. iii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act to enable the Brandling Junction Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money.

[11th June 1838.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to authorize the Newcastle upon Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money for the Purposes of their Undertaking.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 10 G. 4. c. lxxii. 2SfSW.4f. c. xcii. and 5 Sf 6W. 4* c. xxxi. extended to this Act, §3. Saving the Rights of the Exchequer Bill Commissioners under 1 Sf 2 W. 4. c. 24, — § 4.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to alter the Line of the Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of6S?7 W. 4. c. lxxvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway Company, §24.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway to raise more Money; and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers ofl fy 2 W.4e. c. lx. 2 W. 4. c. lxix. and 5 W. 4. c. xxx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

680

C'.xxvi — xxxii. 1° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1838.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. xxir.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for making several Branches in the County of Somerset from the Line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and for amending the Act relating to such Railway.

[11th June 1838.]

f Powers of 6 & 7 W.4. c. xxxvi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § L]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for making a Railway from Penhill in the Parish of Fre-mington in the County of Devon to the Town of Barnstaple, and for constructing a Dock in the said Parish of Fremington, to be called "The Taw Vale Railway and Dock."

[11th June 1888.]

[Vessels in the Service of Her Majesty, or of the Admiralty, Navy, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, exempted from Toll, §163. Saving the Bights of the Trinity House, §189.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at the Town and Borough of Deal in the Parish of Deal in the County of Kent.

[11th June 1838.]

[Persons in Her Majesty's Service, 'or in the Employ of the Customs, Excise, or Ordnance, Vessels and Goods seized by Revenue Officers, Mails, Officers or Soldiers, their Arms and Baggage, exempted from Toll, §83. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 106 .; and of the Crown, §107.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Bury, and the several Townships of Walmersley-cum-Shuttleworth, Bury, and Elton, all in the Parish of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[11th June 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation, §112.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to amend an Act for making and maintaining the Turton and Entwisle Reservoir.

[11th June 1838.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wye at a Place called Boughrood Ferry, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

[11th June 1838.] [Tolls to be paid but once a Day, §74. The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Volunteers on March or Duty, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, Vagrants and Prisoners, exempted from Toll, §78.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, regarding Londonderry

Bridge;

1C

A.D. 1838.

1° & 2° VICTORIA. C. xxxii — xxxviii.

681

Bridge; and to amend several Acts relating to the City and Port of Londonderry.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 30 G. 3. (/.) 40 G. 3. (I.) 48 G. 3. c. cxxxvi. 54 G. 3. c. ccxxx. 5 G. 4. c. lii. 6 G. 4. c. clxxx. 2 Sf 3 W.4. c. cvii. and 5 fy 6 W. 4. c. lxxiv. (except as altered') extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the Irish Society, §20.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His! late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Township or Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof and for establishing a Market within the said Township.

[11th June 1838.]

[3 W. 4. c.lxviii. in part repealed, §1.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for making a new Street or Thoroughfare, and widening and improving certain other Streets or Thoroughfares, within the Town and Borough of Sheffield in the County of York.

[Uth June 1838.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for establishing a general Cemetery in the Parish of Gravesend in the County of Kent.

[11th June 1838.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Oakham and Uppingham*} and other Places, in the Counties of Rutland, Leicester, and Northampton.

[11th June 1838.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Strickland Roger, Whinfell, and Helsington in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland; and for draining and improving certain Lands in the said Township of Helsington, and in the Townships of Underbarrow and Bradley Field and Levens, in the Parishes of Kirkby in Kendal and Heversham in the same County.

[11th June 1838.]

[Allotments to be made for Watering Places and Materials for Roads, § 41 .; and to Lords of Manors, $$ 42, 43 .; and to Moss Owners, §46. Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors as to Minerals, §102.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for making, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads in Her Majesty's Forest of Beany and the Waste Lands belonging to the said Forest, and in several Parishes adjoining thereto, in the County of Gloucester. (a) [11th June 1838.]

[36 G. 3. c. 121. 57 G. 3. c. lxvi. 7 # 8 G. 4. c. xii. 1 % 2 W. 4. c.xlii. 10 G. 4. c. 1. and 2^-3 W.4. c. i. repealed, §1. 7 oils to be paid but once a Day within the Distance of Five Miles, §22.]

682

C. xxxix — xlii. 1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Roads from Buckstones by Barkisland School to the Rochdale and Elland Turnpike Road, near the Town of Elland, and from Sykehouse to the Highway leading from Barkisland to Stain-land, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (a)

[11th June 1838.]

[7 fy 8 G. 4. c. lxx. repealed> $ 1. Three Tolls only to be taken on same Day at same Gate, $11. No Toll to be taken for re-passing once through same Gate on same Day, §12. Tolls to be taken at Three Gates only between Buckstones and the Rochdale and Elland Turnpike Road, and at One Gate only from Sykehouse to the Barkisland and Stainland Road, §13. Certain Exemptions not allowed, unless Wheels be of a certain Width, §16. No more Money to be laid out on Branch Road than is collected thereon, §18. Money not to be expended in repairing Streets, §19.]

Cap. xL

An Act for repairing the Road from French Top in the West Riding of the County of York to Stayley in the County Palatine of Chester, (a) [11th June 1838.]

[33 G. 3. c. cxl. and 54 G. 3. c. lxxxi. repealed, §1. One full Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates on the Road, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §10.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late 7 G. 4. c. lxxiii. Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Mile Stone in die Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks, towards Reading, to a Place called The Seven Mile Stone, in the Parish of Beenham in the said County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

[11th June 1838.]

[Additional Tolls to be taken from 1st November to 1st March, §2. Act to continue in force for Twenty-one Years from the Third Monday after the passing thereof, §7.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining a Road from near Salter-hebble in the Parish of Halifax to the Huddersfield and New Hey Turnpike Road in the Parish of Huddersfield, and to Sowerby Bridge in the said Parish of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County of York, with a Bridge on the Line of the said Road. (6) [11th June 1838.]

[5 G. 4. c.lxix. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §10. One full Toll only to be taken on same Day between the Halifax and Huddersfield Turnpike Road and Hclliwell Green, or between HeUiwell Green and the Royal George, or between the said Halifax and Huddersfield Road and Sowerby Bridge, $11.]

A.D. 183&

1°& 2° VICTORIA.

C.xlin — xlvi.

683

Cap. xliii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from Wakefield to Halifax, and from near Hipperholm Bar to near Stump Cross, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (b)

[11th June 1838.]

[9 G. 4. c.lxix. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Three full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Line, §10. No more Money to be expended on Roads than is collected thereon, §17.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the South End of Angel Lane in Brampton Bierley to a certain public Highway in Mexbrough, and from Cleggs Cottage in Rawmarsh to the West End of the Village of Hooton Roberts in the County of York, (a) [11th June 1838.]

[58 G. 3. c. xxxviii. repealed, §1. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing on the whole Line between the South End of Angel Lane and the Township of Mexbrough, and Two only between the South End of Angel Lane and the West End of Hooton Roberts, and Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same

j Gate, §9. Stone, Dross, Ashes, , fyc. c. subject to Toll during the Winter Months, §12. Materials for Roads, &c. not exempted from Toll if the Nails of the Tires of the Wheels project more than One Quarter of an Inch, or the Wheels be of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half, §13. No more Money to be laid out in Repair of Roads than is collected thereon, §17.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End in the Parish of Hardingston in the County of Northampton. (b)

[11th June 1838.]

[35 G. 3. c. cliii. 57 G. 3. c. xi. and 58 G. 3. c. xiii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §10. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through alt the Gates on the Road, i. e. one between Towcester and Blisworth, and one between Blisworth and Cotton End in the Parish of Hardingston, §11. No more Money to be laid out in Repair of Roads than is collected thereon, §17. Tolls not to be expended in repairing Streets, 8$c. § 18.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Aylesbury to Thame, and the Roads from Thame to Oxford, Shillingford, Postcomb, and Bicester, in the Counties of Buckingham and

Oxford, (a) [11th June 1838.]

[3 W. 4. c. lxxxvi. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §21. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates between Aylesbury and Thame nr between Thame and the Termination

of

684

C.xlvi — li.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

of the Road at Shillingford, and One full Toll only between Thame and the London and Oxford Road at Chilworth, and One only on the Thame and Postcomb District, and Two full Tolls only on the Thame and Bicester District, § 23- Materials for Roads exempted from Toll during the Summer Months and hard Frosts in Winter, §25. No more Money to be laid out in repairing any District than is collected thereon, §32. Tolls not to be applied in repairing Streets, , fyc. c., §36. Penalty of Forty Shillings for hanging out Linen near the Road, §38.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to repeal as much of an Act, intituled An Act for making and maintaining the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge and certain other Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Lanark, as relates to the Balmore Road; and to improve and make and maintain the said Road, and certain other Roads connected therewith, in the Parishes of Campsie and Baldemoch and County of Stirling aforesaid. (b) [11th June 1838.]

[6 G. 4. c. cxci. in part repealed, §1. Potoers of 1 8f 2 W. 4. c. xliii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §2. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate with same Loading, §18.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Quebec to Homefield Lane End, all in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, 'with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road. (b) [4th July 1838.]

[4 Sf 5 W. 4. c.xxxii. repealed, §1.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for repairing the Road from Maudden Wood Comer to Westwood Gate in the County of Bedford, (b)

[4th July 1838.]

[13 G. 1. c. 17. 16 G.2. c. 23. 17 G. 2. c. 42. 15 G.3. c. 72. 35 G. 3. c. 163. and 56 G. 3. c. lxxii. repealed, so far as the same relate to the Bedford District of Road, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the Road, §12.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town and Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[4th July 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Trustees under 43 G. 3. for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, §94.]

Cap. li.

An Act to enable the Exeter Commercial Gas Light and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[4th July 1838.]

1° & 2° VICTORIA.

C.lii — lviii.

665

Cap. lii.

An Act to amend an Act of King George the Fourth, for lighting with Gas the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester, and the Liberties, Precincts, and Suburbs thereof.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of2G.4. c.iiu (except as altered) extended to this Act,

S*]

Cap. liii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Leamington Priors, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Warwick,

[4th July 1838.] [Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of Paving, §83.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for the Erection of a new Church in the Parish of Lee in the County of Kent, [4th July 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Bishop of the Diocese, §41.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for the Erection and Endowment of a Chapelry for the District of Lower Reeding in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enabling the Bolton and Preston Railway Company to extend and alter the Line of such Railway, and to make collateral Branches thereto, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating thereto.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 1 Vict. c. exxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of the North Union Railway Company, 2.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act relating to the Midland Counties Railway, and for making a Branch therefrom to the Town of Mountsorrel in the County of Leicester.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 6 Sf 7 W. 4. c. lxxviii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for making a Railway from Edinburgh to Glasgoto, to be called "The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway," with a Branch to Falkirk.

[4th July 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, § 43; and of the Union Canal Company, $ 4*6 .; and of the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Company, § 54 .; and of the Magistrates of Linlithgow, §237.]

686

C.lix — Ixv.

1° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1838.

Cap. lix.

An Act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Grand Junction Railway, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 3 fy 4 W. 4. c. xxxiv. 4 # 5 W. 4. c.lv. 5 Sf 6 W, 4. c. viii. Sf c. ix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts relating to the Gamkirk and Glasgow Railway; and for enabling the Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[4th July 1838.]

[7 G. 4. c». ciii. 7 <$jr 8 G. 4. c. lxxxviii. and 11 G. 4. c. cxxv. recited,

#10

Cap. lxi.

An Act to enable the Newtyle and Coupar Angus Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 5 Sf 6 W. 4. c. lxxxiv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for extending the Time for making a Dock or Docks at Southampton.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers o/6 8f7 W.4. c. xxix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an l &2 W.4. c.L Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for erecting and maintaining a Pier and other Works for landing and embarking Passengers in the Port of the Town of Southampton.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Reservoir at Deanhead in the Parish of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Dove at Rocester in the County of Stafford.

[4th July 1838.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day, §40. The Royal Family, Mails, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and Baggage, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, Vagrants and Prisoners sent by legal Passes, Agricultural Produce grown within Two Miles of the Toll Gates of the Bridge, Implements of Husbandry, Manure, , fyc. c. (except Lime) , Horses, &c. going to or returning from Watering or being shoed or farried, and not passing more than Two Miles, Persons going to or returning from

A.D. 1838.

1° & 2° VICTORIAE.

C.lxv — lxxi.

687

from Religious Worship, Funerals, , fyc. c., Clergymen on Duty, and Materials for repairing, , fyc. c. the Works on the River and Waterfall at the Rocester Mills, exempted from Toll, §41.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for building a Bridge from the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob over the Floating Harbour to the Parish of Temple in the City and County of Bristol.

[4th July 1838.]

[The Royal Family, Policemen on Duty, Mails, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and Baggage, Public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and Vagrants and Prisoners sent by legal Warrants, exempted from Toll, §72.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act to repeal, amend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Act relating to the Metropolitan Suspension Bridge.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 6 fyl W. 4. c. cxxxix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed between Ladykirh in the County of Berwick and Norham in the County of Durham, and for making Avenues and Approaches thereto.

[4th July 1838.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day, $19. The Royal Family, Mails, Public Stores, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and Baggage, sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, Vagrants and Criminals sent by legal Passes, exempted from Toll, §20.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for amending the Provisions of Two Acts of Parliament relating to the City of Hereford; and for limiting the Duration of St. Ethelberf s or the Nine Days Fair held annually in the said City.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 14 G. 3. c. 38. and 56 G. 3. c. cxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving 'the Parish of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, and for regulating the Police thereof.

[4th July 1838.]

[25 G. 3. c. 34. and 36 G. 3. c. 43. repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Royal Harbour of Ramsgate, §190.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Institution called "The Refuge for the Destitute," and for the better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

[4th July 1838.]

088

C.lxxii — lxxv.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

Cap lxxii.

An Act to incorporate the Governors and Subscribers to St Lukes Hospital for Lunatics, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowstounness, by the West End of Linlithgow, and by Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whitburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow at or near Hollhouseburn; the Road from Borrowstounness to the River Avon; and the Road leading Eastward from Borrowstounness to Champany by the Kirk of Carriden in the County of Linlithgow. (b) [4th July 1838.]

[56 G. 3. c. lxxv. in part repealed, §1. Powers of 1 # 2 W. 4. c, 43. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §2. Tolls to be paid but once a Bay within Six Miles, §15. Horses having passed through a Gate, and returning drawing a Carriage, the Toll paid on the Horses to be deducted, §17. Saving the Rights of the Magistrates and Town Council of Linlithgow, §23.]

Cap. ixxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth.

[4th July 1838.]

[13 Sp 14 G. 3. (/.) , 15 % 16 G. 3. (I.) , 55 G. 3. c. lxxvii., and 6 S; 7. W. 4. c. xl. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day, §26. The Royal Family, Persons going to or returning from public Worship between Sunrise and Sunset on Sundays, Christ-www Z>ay, anrf Crooc? Friday, Stones, Brick, Lime, Timber, Materials for Roads and Bridges, Com in the Straw, Manure, Implements of Husbandry, Horses going to or returning from being shod or farried or Work on the Lands through which the Roads pass, or going to or returning from Pasture or watering, if not passing more than Two Miles on the Road, or crossing the Road only, and not passing above One hundred Yards thereon. Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms or Baggage, sick or disabled Officers or Soldiers, Public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, Constables and Magistrates on Duty, Vagrants and Prisoners sent by legal Warrants, Persons going to or returning from voting at Elections for the County of Louth, and Mails, exempted from Toll, §37. Act to be in force from its passing and continue for Twenty-one Years, §80.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Lutterworth Hand on the Wading Street Road, through Churchover, Brovm-sover, Newbold-upon-Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and / Hillmorton in the said County. (a) [4th July 1838.]

[9 G. 4, c. lxxxviii. repealed, and 8 G. 4. c. liv. in part repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §7. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets in Rugby, §12.]

10

1° & 2° VICTORIA. C.lxxvi — lxxviii.

689

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to repeal the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road Act so far as relates to the Wadsley and Langset District of the said Road in the West Riding of the County of York, and to make new Provisions in lieu thereof; and also for extending the said District of Road to or near to Moorfields in the Parish of Sheffield; and for other Purposes. (Jb) [4th July 1838.]

[4 G. 4. c. lxxvii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §21. Three full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing or repassing through all the Gates on the Wadsley and Langset District, and One Toll only in addition on the intended new Line, §22. Lime and other Manure exempted from Toll, §27. No Exemption allowed unless Wheels are of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, §28. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §30. No more Money to be expended on new Line than is collected thereon, §31.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to vary and alter the Lines of the Kirkstall, Ilkley, and Shipley District of Road, and for making a new Road from the Otley Branch Road in the said District to Burley in thd Parish of Otley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [4th July 1838.]

[6 G. 4. c. cxlix. in part repealed, §1. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §16. Half Toll only to be taken for Coat, §20. Four full Tolls only to be taken on same Day between Kirkstall and Burley, and Two only between Otley and Ship-lei/, §22. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, { 23. Horses, , fyc. c. passing between Leeds and Otley not to be liable to Toll both on the Road from Kirkstall to Otley and the Leeds and Halifax Road, §26.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for amending an Act of King George the Third, for draining Lands in South Holland, and for repairing and maintaining the Road from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.

[4th July 1838.]

[1 <IG. 3. c. 103. 33 G. 3. c. 109. 35 G. 3. c. 166. and 57G. 3. c.lix. in part repealed, §1. No Toll to be taken from Occupiers of Lands in the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakiu for Hay, Grass, and other Agricultural Produce not sold, but passing to be laid up in Bams, Yards, &c., nor for Labourers employed in Harvest Work or Husbandry, nor for Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, nor for Gates or other Fences, or for Manure, nor for Horses, , fyc. c., in going to or returning from ploughing or harrowing, or to or from Water or Pasture or Work, or being shad or farried, nor for Road Materials within the said Hamlets; nor for Horses, &c., not going more than One hundred Yards on the Road, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9.

One full Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Road, $10. Saving the Rights of the North Level and Nene Outfall Commissioners,

25.]

1 & 2 Vict. Y y

690

clxxix — lxxxiv. 1° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 18S8.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness; and for better regulating and rendering more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and Conversion Money in lieu thereof.

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers ofll Geo. b. c. cii. and 1 #2 W. 4. c. 43. extended to this Act, §1. The first-recited Act and this Act to continue in force for Twenty-one Years, so far as regards the Assessments of the LandSy fycn <fJ*roprietors and Life-renters; and for the Term of Thirty-one Years as regards the Roads and Toll Duties, end as regards the Conversion of Statute Labour, the Act to be perpetual, §17.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for granting further Powers to the Festiniog Railway Company.

[27th July 1838.]

[Powers of 2% 3 W. 4. c. xlviiL (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. baud.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Eastern Counties Railway.

[27th July 1838.]

[Powers of6fy 7 W. 4. c. cvi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to alter the Line of the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway.

[27th July 1838.]

[Powers of6$7W.±. c. xxxv. (except as altered) extended to das Act, §1.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for making a new Street from Holborn Bridge in the City of London towards Clerkenwell Green.

[27th July 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Sewers, § 77 .; and ef die London Grand Junction Railway Company, §78.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Newquay in the County of Cornwall.

[27th July 1838.]

!*&* VICTORIA.

CUxxxv — xci.

601

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for improving the Harbour of Fishguard in the County of Pembroke.

[27th July 1838.] [7 W. 4. 1 Vict c. cxxiv. repealed, §1.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act to alter and amend, and in part repeal, the Powers of certain Acts for supplying the City of Glasgow and Suburbs with Water; to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Waterworks to purchase the Cranstonhill Waterworks, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter the Rates leviable by the said Company of Proprietors.

[27th July 1838.]

[46 G. 3. e. cxxxvi. and 59 G. 3. c. lxvii. recited\ and 4>8 G. 3. c. xliv. 52 G. 3. c. lii. and 59 G.3. c. cxviL in part repealed, §1.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for draining and embanking certain Lands in Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle in the Counties of Donegal and Londonderry.

[27th July 1838.]

[Saving the Rights of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the New Plantation in Ulster, § 92; and of the Marquis of Donegal, $ 93; and of Lords of manors, § 94>; and of the Admiralty, § 95; and of the Fishmongers Company, §96.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for establishing a Steam Communication over Milford Haven at or near Pembroke Ferry in the County of Pembroke.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to amend an Act for the Amendment of Four several 6&7W.4. Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, Tenth, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rohesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lesness, in the County of Kent, and within the Hundred of Walling ton in the County of Surrey; and to extend the Powers thereof.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Barnsley and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Ses- \ Vict. c. xt. sion of Parliament for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch and other Places in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford.

[27th July 1838.]

692

C.*cii — xcvL

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

Cfczp. xcii.

-An Act to enable "The National Loan Fund Life Assurance Society " to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary ©r any One Director of the said Society.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Leeds and Halifax Turnpike Road at Stanningley to the Bridge over the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and making and maintaining a Continuation of the same Road to Water Lane in Leeds, and other Roads communicating therewith, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [27th July 1838.]

[4 Sf 5 W. 4. c. xxxii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §12. One full Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates from the Leeds and Halifax Road to Water Lane, and One only on the intended new Road to the Victoria Inn, §15. No more Money to be expended on Roads than is collected thereon, § 17- Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §18.]

Cap. xciv *

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Dudley Hill and Killinghall Turnpike Road, and for making a new Road therefrom to communicate with the Leeds and Harrogate Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [27th July 1838.]

[56 G. 3. c. xlviii. repealed, §1. No more Money to be laid out on Roads than is collected thereon, §17. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §18. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the North Side of the River Wharf, and Two only between the South Side of the Bridge across the River Wharf at Pool and Dudley Hill, and One Toll only from the old Turnpike House in Eccle- shill to Barker End in Bradford, §23.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Common and Waste Lands called Portfield otherwise Poorfield, in the County of the Town of Haverfordwest, [27th July 1838.]

[Allotment to be made to Lord of Manor for Right of Soil, § 22 .; and for Materials for Roads, § 23 .; and for the Recreation of the Public, §25. Saving the Rights of Commissioners under 3 % 4 W.4, c, ciii. for supplying Haverfordwest with Water, §45.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers and altering and amending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Oldham and the Neighbourhood thereof within the Parish o/Trestwich-cum-Oldham in the County

Ratine

1C

A.D. 183&

I & 20 VICTORIA

C.xcvi — ck

69ft

Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood with Water.

[31st July 1838.]

[Powers of 6 G. 4. c. clxxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Paving and others, § 82, 83 .; and of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, §84.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for forming and regulating a Company to be called The India Steam Ship Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent [31st July 1838.],

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for uniting the Medieties of the Rectory of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better Endowment thereof, and of certain Churches in the said Town.

[10th August 1838.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for amending certain Acts relating to the Civil Court of Record of the Borough of Liverpool, and improving the Proceedings thereof.

[10th August 1838.]

[Powers of\ Sf 5 WA. c. xcii. 6 fy 7 W. 4. c. cxxxv. and 1 VicL c. xcviii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. c.

An Act for improving the Site of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and the Avenues adjoining thereto.

[10th August 1838.],

[Saving the Rights of the Gresham Lecturers, § 89 .; and of the Commissioners of Sewers, §90.]

Cap. ci.

An Act to continue for Seven Years an Act for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties.

[14th August 1838.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act for regulating the Vend arid Delivery of Coals in i & 2 W. 4. 4 the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of c. Ixxri.

the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire,

4 Buckinghamshire, and Berkshire: And whereas the Term of Seven Years, during which the Provisions contained in the said Act were thereby directed to continue in force, will expire on the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and it is expedient that the same should be continued, and that in the respects herein-after mentioned the said recited Act should be altered and amended:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Y y 3 Corn-

604

1° & 2° VICTORIAE.

A.D. 1838.

Recited Act continued, except as hereby altered.

Repeal of ao much of 1A2W.4. c. 76. as directs the Seller's Ticket to be sent with Coals.

New Enactment regarding the Seller's Ticket being sent with Coals.

C.ci.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such of them or such Parts thereof respectively as are repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for,) shall be and the same is and are hereby continued for the further Term of Seven Years from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight; and all the Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained to take effect at the End of the Term of Seven Years therein mentioned, or at any other Time or Times, shall take effect in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Term of Fourteen Years had been inserted in the said Act instead of the said Term of Seven Years.

II. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that with any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, delivered from any Lighterf Ship, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London, the Seller or Sellers thereof should deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or Lighter, Barge, or Craft, in which such Coals should be sent, and before any of such Coals should be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form therein mentioned, and as imposes a Penalty on any such Seller or Sellers as should not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as therein is mentioned, and a Penalty on the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or the Person having the Charge of the Lighter, Barge, or Craft laden with any such Coals, who should refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as therein is mentioned, shall, so far as relates to any Coals delivered from and after Sixty Days after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That with any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, delivered, from and after Sixty Days after the passing of this Act, by any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, the Seller or Sellers thereof shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and in case any such Seller or Sellers do not deliver or cause to be delivered such Paper or Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaded, every such Seller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals,

7 to

1° & 2° VICTORIA

C. ci.

695

to whom any such Paper or Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Seller in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Seller or any Person by the Direction of the Seller) refuse or neglect to deliver such Paper or Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals delivered to any Seller or Exception. Dealer in Coals, or to any Person or Persons purchasing the same at the Coal Market, may be delivered without any such Paper or

IV. And be it enacted, That with any Quantity of Coals exceed- A Paper or ing Five hundred and sixty Pounds, delivered, from and after Ten Ticket to be Day* after the paring of this Act, by any Lighte^Vmel.Barge, or other Craft, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, the Seller or Sellers thereof shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Lighter, Vessel, Barge, or other Craft in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket setting forth in Words at Length the Number of Tons to be delivered, and the Name of the Coals, together with the Name and Number of the Lighter, Vessel, Barge, or other Craft, and the Name of the Seller or Sellers, and also the Name of the Lighterman; and in case any such Seller or Sellers do not deliver or cause to be delivered such Paper or Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaded, every such Seller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in Penalty 20*. case the Person having the Charge of the Lighter, Vessel, Barge, or Craft laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Paper or Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Seller, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Seller, or any Person by the Direction of the Seller,) refuse or neglect to deliver such Paper or Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, before any Part of auch Coals shall be unloaded, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds s Provided always, that Coals delivered to any Seller or Exception. Dealer in Coals, or to any Person or Persons purchasing the same at the Coal Market, may be delivered without any such Paper or

V. And be it enacted, That no Weighing Machine shall be Astothe deemed a perfect Weighing Machine within the Meaning of the Machines said Act unless proper Weights shall be carried therewith, and required to be also that any other just Balance, with an even Beam and legal sent with each Weights, shall be deemed a perfect Weighing Machine within the Cart, Ac. Meaning of the said Act, without having been marked at Guildhall; and if any Carman or Driver required to carry a Weighing Ma-

Ticket

Ticket.

Yy 4

ch; --

696

C.cu

]° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1838.

Repeal of the Penalty on preventing Persons, other than the Purchaser or his Servant, from examining the Weighing Machine, or weighing the Sacks of Coals.

Repeal of Provision directing the suing for certain Fines, &c.

Such Fines, &c. to be sued for within Two Calendar Months.

Repeal of so much of 1&2W.4. c. 76. as directs Fitter's Affidavit to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Coal Market every Three Months, and as directs an Affidavit of the Master to be made in case of Loss of Fitter's Certificate.

chine by the said Act and this Act shall have placed in, on, or under his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, any Beam or Scales or other Weighing Machine, or any Weights which shall be^ imperfect, or improper for the Purpose of denoting the Weight of Coals, then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver, or Person delivering such Coals, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Seller or Sellers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty on any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which Coals shall be carried in Sacks for Delivery to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for hindering, obstructing, or otherwise preventing the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from examining the Weighing Machine which in pursuance of the said Act shall be placed in, on, or under such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or weighing all or any of the Sack or Sacks of Coals in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, so far as relates to the hindering, obstructing, or otherwise preventing as aforesaid any Person or Persons other than the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant, be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, shall be sued for within One Calendar Month after the Offence or Offences committed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by the said Act, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereof, or by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise provided for, not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, shall be sued for within Two Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that every Fitter who should send or give any such Certificate as therein mentioned to the Clerk of the Coal Market in manner therein mentioned should, on or before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the same should have been given, send, in a Letter directed to the Clerk of the Coal Market, an Affidavit according to the Form in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, sworn by him before a Justice of the Peace, and also so much of the said Act as directs that in case it should happen that such Fitter s Certificate should be accidentally lost, or in case any such Ship or Vessel should have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and should afterwards change her Destination, and arrive or come into the Port of London, without any such Fitters Certificate having been obtained or provided, each and every Master of such Ship or Vessel should deliver an Account of the Quantity and Name or Description of the Coals on board his Ship or Vessel at the Office of the Clerk of the Coal Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and to be sworn by such Master before any Justice of the Peace, jtfid as imposes a Penalty on any Master of any Ship or Vessel

1° & 2° VICTORIAE.

C.Ch

697

who should knowingly give in any false Certificate or Account as aforesaid to be registered, or who should not, when no Certificate should have been sent by Post within Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of the Ship at her Moorings within the Port of London, deliver or cause to be delivered in his Certificate, or such Account and Affidavit, to be registered in manner aforesaid, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Fitter, who from and after Fitter to trans-the passing of this Act shall send or give any such Certificate as I>eclara-aforesaid, shall, on or before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the same shall have been given, send, in a Letter directed to the said Clerk of the Coal Market, and put into the Master to make General Post Office, or deliver at the Office of the said Clerk of Declaration in the Coal Market, a Declaration to be made before any Justice of <* of D* of the Peace, or any Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Com- Certificate* &c. missioner for taking Affidavits in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, according to the Form in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, pursuant to an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an 5 & 6W.4. c. 62. Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and

made in various Departments of the State, and to substitute De-

clarations in lieu thereof and for the more entire Suppression of

voluntary and extra-judicial Oaths and Affidavits; and to make other Provisions for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, in which Declaration such Fitter shall verify such Certificate, alone or together with any other Certificates which may have been sent or given by him in the meantime; and in case any such Fitter shall omit or refuse to send the said Declaration to the said Clerk of the Coal Market in manner aforesaid, on or before the Expiration of every Calendar Month, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds; and in case it shall happen that such Fitter's Certificate shall be accidentally lost, or in case any such Ship or Vessel shall have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and shall afterwards change her Destination, and arrive or come into the Port of London, without any such Fitter's Certificate having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such last-mentioned Cases each and every Master of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions, of Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, at the Office of the Clerk of the Coal Market, together with a Declaration to accompany such Account pursuant to the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, in which Declaration such Master shall state and verify such Circumstances, either of the accidental Loss of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having been originally entered outwards and having afterwards changed her Destination and arrived as aforesaid without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Case may be); and in case any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall knowingly give in any false Certificate or Account as aforesaid to be registered, or shall not, when no Certificate shall have been sent by the Post within

1° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1838.

Allowance of Drawback.

C.cu

Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of his Ship at her Moorings in the Port of London, deliver or cause to be delivered in his Certificate or such Account and Declaration as aforesaid to be registered in manner aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after Sixty Days after the passing of this Act there shall be allowed in the Cases hereinafter mentioned, upon the Exportation from the Port of London of Coals exceeding in Quantity in One Vessel Twenty Tons, which shall not have been landed, a Drawback of the full Amount of all the Rates or Duties which shall have been paid in respect of such Coals; and in every Case in which the Owner of any such Coals, or his Agent, is desirous of obtaining such Drawback, he shall give Notice to the Clerk of the Coal Market before such Coals shall have been unloaded, according to the Form Number (1.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and in case the Clerk of the Coal Market shall not be satisfied with the Coal-weigher named in such Notice, he may refuse to grant any Certificate; but if and when the Clerk of the Coal Market shall be satisfied with the Coal-weigher named in such Notice, he shall grant to the Owner of the Coals or his Agent a Certificate according to the Form numbered (2.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and after such Certificate shall have been granted the Coals intended to be exported shall be weighed or delivered out of one Vessel, either by Lighter or otherwise, into the other; and thereupon the Master of the Vessel out of which such Coals shall be weighed or delivered shall give a Certificate to such Coal-weigher according to the Form Number (3.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and the Master of the Vessel into which such Coals shall be delivered shall give a Certificate to such Coal-weigher according to the Form Number (4.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and such Coal-weigher shall deliver such Two last^mentioned Certificates to the Clerk of the Coal Market, together with another Certificate, to be signed by such Coal-weigher, according to the Form Number (5.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and upon the Receipt of such Three Certificates as last aforesaid, and, where such Coals are exported to Foreign Parts, upon the Production of a Certificate from the proper Officer of Her Majesty's Customs, if required, that the Vessel mentioned in such Certificate* into which the Coals have been delivered hath sailed from the Port of London for Foreign Parts with such Coals on board the same, the Clerk of the Coal Market shall give to the Owner of such Coals or his Agent an Order for the Payment of such Drawback according to the Form Number (6.) in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and in every Case in which any Part of the Coals (exceeding in Quantity Twenty Tons in One Vessel) , upon which all the Rates or Duties shall have been paid, shall, without having been unloaded or transhipped, be left in and exported by the same Vessel, the Clerk of the Coal Market, if he shall be satisfied that the Vessel in which such Coals have been left has sailed from the Port of London with such Coals on board the same, but not otherwise, shall give to the Owner of such Coals or his Agent an Order for the Payment of such Drawback according to the Form

Number

A.D. 1838. 1° & 2° VICTORI,

C.cl

699

Number (70 in Schedule (CO to this Act annexed; and upon the Receipt and Delivery of any such Order as herein-before is mentioned for the Payment of Drawback at the Chamber of the City of London the Chamberlain shall pay to the Bearer of such Order the Drawback therein ordered to be paid; and if the Master of any Vessel or any Coal-weigher shall, in any Certificate to be given according to the Directions herein-before contained, state any Circumstance which is not true for the Purpose of enabling the Owner of such Coals or his Agent to obtain any such Draw* back as aforesaid, or if any Lighterman or other Person employed to carry such Coals from one Vessel to another shall not deliver the whole Quantity of such Coals into the Vessel named in the Certificate, every such Master or Coal-weigher, Lighterman, or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

[Vessel laden

XI. And be it enacted, That in case the Master of any Vessel laden with Coals shall, within Ten Days after the Arrival of such Vessel in the Port of London and being duly entered at the Office

of the Clerk of the Coal Market, be desirous of departing from their Cargo to

the said Port without discharging any Part of the Coals on board be exempt from

such Vessel, the Master of such Vessel shall deliver a Notice Payment of

thereof to the Clerk of the Coal Market according to the Form 01, 0, 1

Number (1.) in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed; and if no

[Proviso.]

Part of the Cargo of such Vessel has been delivered in the Port of London, the Clerk of the Coal Market shall deliver to the Master of such Vessel a Permit according to the Form Number (2.) in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed; and upon the Receipt of such Permit from the Clerk of the Coal Market it shall be lawful for the said Vessel to sail or depart from the Port of London without having paid the Duties upon such Cargo, any Statute, Charter, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Part of the Cargo of such Vessel shall have been delivered in the Port of London, the Master of such Vessel and all other Persons concerned shall be liable to and pay the Penalties in the said Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth contained for breaking Bulk without Payment of Duties.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Master or Person having Persons other

the Command of any Vessel laden with Coals in the Port of tl*an the regular London, in which any Person or Persons, not being Part of the /^P^yed

regular Crew of such Vessel, shall be employed in the Discharge or tQn

Delivery of Coals from Such Vessel, shall pay to every such Person pajd the; r

so employed on board such Vessel, every Day before such Person Wages every shall leave such Vessel, the Wages to be paid to such Person for Day-or in respect of such Employment on such Day; and if any such Person shall not be paid such Wages in manner aforesaid, or shall be paid the whole or any Part thereof at any other Place that on board such Vessel, such Master or Person having the Command of such Vessel shall, for every such Neglect to pay, and every such Payment in any other Place as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIII. And whereas great Inconvenience has been caused to Bye Law* for

f the Navigation of the Port of London in consequence of the regulating Coal Collection of large Numbers of Vessels laden with Coals in dif- Vessel* in the

v nt T Anrlntl

ferent Port of London

700

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

C. ci.

to be made by ferent Parts of the said Port: And whereas it is expedient that the Corporation the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in of London, and Common Council assembled, should, in exercise of the Powers vested in them for that Purpose by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act 10 G. 4. c. 124. c jo, altering and amending the Powers of an Act of the Thirtyninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, 4 make Bye Laws for remedying the Inconveniences aforesaid, and that such Bye Laws should be subjected to the Consideration and Supervision of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for managing the Affairs of Trade be it therefore enacted, That within Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common- Council assembled shall and they are hereby required to make such Bye Laws as shall be necessary for regulating or removing Vessels laden with Coals, and otherwise remedying the Inconveniences herein-before mentioned, and shall from Time to Time alter and vary such Bye Laws as shall be necessary: Provided always, that all Bye Laws which shall relate to the Navigation to the River Thames by Vessels engaged in carrying Coals or returning in Ballast from carrying Coals within the said Port of London, which shall from and after the passing of this Act be made, altered, or varied by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall be submitted to the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for managing the Affairs of Trade, for their Consideration and Supervision, and within One Week after such Bye Laws have been so A Copy of such submitted to the said Committee, a Copy thereof shall be published fixed onTomebe *n Market *n London, by being fixed on some conspicuous

Plec^ih^hiT Place therein; and such Bye Laws shall not have legal Effect Coal Market, until Eight Weeks after they shall have been so submitted to the Committee aforesaid, and so published in the said Coal Market as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Committee as aforesaid to approve of and sanction such Bye Laws, or to suggest such Alterations and Amendments therein, or from Time to Time to suspend or rescind the same, as to them shall seem fit; and if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall concur in the said Amendments, or if the said Bye Laws shall be approved without Alteration, then and in that Case the Bye Laws so sanctioned or amended shall be forthwith made public in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall have full legal Effect at the Expiration of Four Weeks after such Publication; but no Bye Law shall have legal Effect unless in accordance with the expressed or implied Sanction of the said Committee: Provided also, that if the said Committee shall for Four Weeks after the Receipt of any such Bye Laws fail to express an Opinion on the Bye Laws so submitted to them, then and in that Case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, at the Termination of such Four Weeks, to make public such Bye Laws in manner herein-after mentioned; Bye Laws to be 8UC^ ye Laws shall have full legal Effect at the Termination published in of Four Weeks from the Time of the Publication thereof: Pro-the Gazette and vided also, that before any such Bye Laws as aforesaid shall have

8 legal

1° & 2 VICTORIA.

C. cl 701

legal Effect, the same shall be made public by the Advertisement at the Custom thereof twice in the London Gazette in Two succeeding Weeks, Houses in and by affixing Copies thereof to some conspicuous Place or" Places L°ndon in the Coal Market and Custom House in the City of London, and Graveaend* in the Custom House at Gravesend, and in such other Manner as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem fit.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences Expences of incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act shall this Act how be paid and discharged by and out of the Money received or to to V*d. be received in respect of the Duty or Sum of One Penny per Ton,

made payable by the said Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth.

XV. And be it enacted, That where in this Act the Word Meaning of the u Exportation " is used the same shall be understood to mean the w?rd " E*P°r-Conveyance of Coal from the Port of London in any Ship or tation*"

Vessel below Gravesend beyond the Limits of the Port of London,

unless it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Mr. A.B. [here insert the Name of the Buyer], fake notice. That you are to receive herewith [here insert the Number] Tons [here insert the Name of the Coal, if any particular Sort is ordered or contracted for, and if ordered or contracted for as Walls End, specify the Name of the Colliery] Coals in [here insert the Number] Sacks, containing [here insert the Weight] Pounds of Coal in each Sack.

(Signed) CD. [here insert the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers in Words at full Length.]

E.F. [here insert the Name of the Carman in Words at full Length.]

It is directed that with any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, a Paper or Ticket describing the Quantity, and if any particular Sort is ordered or contracted for, the Sort of the Coals sent by the Seller, shall be delivered to the Purchaser, or his Agent or Servant, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded; that a Weighing Machine or proper Scales and Weights shall be carried with every Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, and the Carman is required to weigh gratuitously any Sack or Sacks of Coals which shall be chosen by the Purchaser or his Agent or Servant; and if any Carman refuses to weigh such Sack or Sacks of Coals as aforesaid, or drives away the Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage before the Coals are weighed, or otherwise obstructs the weighing thereof, he is liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; also, that a proper Machine or proper Scales and Weights for weighing Coals shall be kept at every Watch-house or Police Station, and at any other

102

£ci. 1° & 2° VICTORIA A.D. 1838.

Place appointed for that Purpose by Two or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

SCHEDULE (B.)

I ALB. of do solemnly and sincerely declare. That the Schedule hereunder written and signed by me contains a true Account and Particular of all the Coals vended and shipped by me [and CD. of, my Partner, as the Case may be\

for Delivery in the Port of London, from the Day of to the Day of

both inclusive; and make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled 'An Act for the more effectual Abolition ' of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various Departments

of the State, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof and for the more entire Suppression of voluntary and extra-judicial Oaths

and Affidavits; and to make other Provisions for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

(Signed) ALB.

Day of the Month and Year of Lading. Ship's Name. Master's Name. Quantity of Tons. Name of Colliery. Price paid. Certificate sent by Post or delirered to the Master.

SCHEDULE (C.)

(No. 1.)

I hereby give you Notice of my Intention of transhipping from on board the Ship [here insert me Name"} of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], G.H. Master, [here

insert

A.D. 1838.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

C. ci.

703

insert the Number ] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals for Exportation; and that A.Bn Coal-weigher, is appointed to superintend such Transhipment Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) CJ).

To Mr. E.F*,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

(No. 2.)

Mr. C.D. having given me Notice that he intends to tranship from the Ship [here insert the Name] of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], G.H. Master, [here insert the Number] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals for Exportation, and that you are appointed to weigh or superintend the Delivery of the same, I do hereby give you Notice, that I shall require, before I can allow the Claim for Drawback, a Certificate from you of such Transhipment [and if the same be done by means of Barges, the Certificate must contain the Names of the Barges and Lightermen employed\ and the Number of Tons put into each Barge]. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) E.Frn Clerk and Registrar of the Coal

Market.

To Mr. AJB-> Coal-weigher.

(No. S.)

I hereby certify, That [here insert the Number of Tons, or the whole Cargo, as the Case may be] of [here insert the Name] Coals have been weighed or delivered out of the Ship [here insert the Name] of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], to be transhipped [or delivered by the Means of Barges, as the Case may be]. Witness my Hand this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) G.H., Master of the

To Mr. E.F.,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

(No. 4.)

I hereby certify, That [here insert the Number] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals have been received from the Ship [here insert the Name] of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], on board of the Ship [here insert the Name], of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], for Exportation to [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Coals are to be exported or to which the Ship is bound]. Witness my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

(Signed) JJC, Master of the

To Mr. EJ

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

(No. 5.)

I hereby certify, That [here insert the Number] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals were this Day weighed or delivered out of the Ship [here insert the Name] of [here insert the Name of the

704

C.ci.

1° & 2° VICTORIA.

A.D. 1838.

Place to which the Ship belongs], to be transhipped [or delivered by the Means of Barges, as the Case may be] for Exportation, and that the same were put on board the following Barges {here insert the Names of the Barges and Lightermen employed]. Witness my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) A.B., Coal-weigher.

To Mr. E.F

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

(No 6.)

I hereby certify, That the Sum of Pounds Shillings and pence may be paid to CD. for the Drawback on

{here insert the Number] Tons of {here insert the Name] Coals, out of the Ship {here insert the Name] of {here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], shipped for Exportation on board the Ship {here insert the Name] for {here insert the Name of the Place to which the Coals are to be exported or to which the Ship is bound]. Witness my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) E.F.,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

To L.M.,

Chamberlain, Guildhall, London.

(No. 7.)

I hereby certify. That the Sum of Pounds Shillings and pence may be paid to C.D. for the Drawback on {here insert the Number] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals remaining in the Ship {here insert the Name] of {here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship belongs], and again exported on board such Ship. Witness my Hand this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) E.F.,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market

To L.M.,

Chamberlain, Guildhall, London.

SCHEDULE (D.)

(No. 1.)

Whereas I delivered or caused to be delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Coal Market the Certificate of {here insert from the Certificate the Name of the Fitter, the Place and the Date of the Certificate, the Name of the Ship or Vessel and of the Place to which she belongs, and the Name of the Master, and also the Number of Tons and the Description of the Coals on board the Ship or Vesselj, with which the said Ship or Vessel arrived in the Port of London on the {here insert the Date]: I do hereby give you Notice that I intend to proceed with the said Ship or Vessel to {here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship or Vessel is to proceed], without discharging any Part of the said Cargo in the Port of London; and I request to be relieved from the City Dues of One Shilling

and

I6 & 2° VICTORIA

C.ci, ciu

705 *

and One Penny per Ton, agreeably to the Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, Chapter Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

(Signed) /.£, Master of the

To Mr. E.F.,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market.

(No. 2.)

Having received Notice from {here insert the Name] Master of the Ship or Vessel called the [here insert the Name] of [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Ship or Vessel belongs], laden with [here insert the Number] Tons of [here insert the Name] Coals, that he intends proceeding with the said Ship or Vessel to [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Vessel is to proceed], without discharging any Part of the said Coals in the Port of London, and requesting, by virtue of the Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, Chapter,

to be relieved from the Payment of the City Dues thereon, I do hereby, agreeably to the said Act, permit the said Vessel to depart from this Port for [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Vessel is to proceed], without paying the City Dues on the said Coals, provided that no Part is unladen within the Limits of the City of London, and that a Certificate is produced to me from the Clearing Officer of Her Majesty's Customs that the said Ship or Vessel has so departed for [here insert the Name of the Place to which the Vessel is to proceed, as aforesaid]. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) E.F.,

Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market To the Master or Owner of the Ship

Cap. cii.

An Act for forming and establishing " The Colonial Patent Sugar Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent [14th August 1838.]

Z z

1 & 2 Vict.

TOG

Pr. C< l'-S.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. — To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in ike Form

following:

" And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be printed u by the several Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty " duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; u and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted " as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract of uninclosed Common or Waste Land called Ogley Hag, in the County of Stafford.

[30th March 1838.]

[Allotments to be made to the Lord of the Manor of Ogley Hay for Right of Soil and Minerals, and in lieu of Rabbit Warren, § § 35, 36. Saving the Rights of the Wyrley and Essington Canal Navigation Company, § 48 .; and of the Lord of the Manor, f 64 .; and of the Executors of P. Hussey, Esquire, #65.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[11th April 1838.]

[Allotments to be made for the Recreation of the Poor, § 39 .; and to the Lord of the Manor of Sutton for Right of Soil, §40. Sewing the Rights of the Commissioners of the Bedford Level Corporation, §76.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Quedgley in the County of Gloucester.

[11th April 1838.]

[.Powers of 41G. 3. c. 109. and 1 Sf 2 G.4t. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made in lieu of Tithes, § 44 .; and to the Lord of the Manor of Quedgley, § 45 .; and for the Recreation of the Poor, §46.]

1° & 2° VICTORIA

Pr. C. 4 — 0.

787

Cap. 4.

An Act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Settled Estates of Christopher Tumor Esquire, and for investing the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[11th April 1838.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bratton Fleming in the County of Devon, [9th May 1838.]

[Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 42 .; and to the Lord of the Manor, § 44 .; and for a Place of Exercise for Inhabitants, §45. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, §65.2

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swavesey in the County of Cambridge.

[9th May 1838.]

[Powers of 41G. 3. c. 109. and 1 4* 2 (r.4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, § 46 .; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil,

§ 47 .; and to the Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights,] § 48 .; and for the Recreation of the Poor,

§ 49 .; and for the Erection of Schools, § 50 .; and to the Conservators of the Bedford Level, §51. Impropriators and Vicars Allotments to be fenced at die general Expence, §57. Saving the Rights of the Bedford Level Corporation, § 91 .; and of the Proprietors of the River Ouze Navigation, §92.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Linton in the County of Cambridge.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 41G. 3. c. 109. and 1 Sf 2fr. 4. c. 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for Road Materials, § 40 .; and to Lords of Manors for 'Right of Soil, § 41 .; and to the Impropriators and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Rights, § 42 .; and for the Recreation of the Inhabitants, §43. Vicars Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, §49.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witcham in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

[11th June 1838.]

[Allotments to be made for the Recreation of the Poor, § 39 .; and to the Lords of the Manor in right of Soil, §40. Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1^2(r.4.c, 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §76.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wickwar, Cromhall, Mid Tortworth in the County of Gloucester. [llth«/utti 1838.]

[Allotment to be made in lieu of Poor's Land in Cromhall, § 26 .; and to the Lord of the Manor, § 38 .; and for Recreation of the Poor, §40. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, §70.]

708

Pr.C. 10 — 15.

1° & 2° VICTORIA

A.D. 1838.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chesterton in the County of Cambridge.

[11th June 1838.]

[Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, § 44 .; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 45 .; and to the Impropriators and Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Common Right, 6 46-; and for the Recreation of the Inhabitants, §47. Vicars Allotment to be fenced at the general Expence, §59. Saving the Rights of the Conservators of the River Cam, §94.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Higham Ferrers in the County of Northampton.

[11th June 1838.]

[Allotment to be made to Her Majesty as Lady of the Manor of Higham Ferrers for Right of Soil, § 37 .; and to the Corporation as Lords of the Borough Manor for Right of Soil, § 38 .; and to the Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Glebe, f 39 .; and to the Impropriator for Tithes, § 40 .; and to the Public for Recreation, § 41 .; and for Materials for Roads, §44. Saving the Rights of Her Majesty and Lords of Manors, §81.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Berden, Manetoden, and Stansted Mountfitchet in the County of Essex.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 Sf 2 G. 4. c. 23. {except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotments to be made for Watering Places, § 34 .; and for Materials for Roads, § 35 .; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, §37.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Bishop's Castle and Munslow in the County of Salop.

[11th June 1838.]

[Powers of 41 G. 3. c. 109. and 1 2 G. 4. c. 23. {except as altered)

extended to this Act, §1. Allotments to be made for Watering Places, § 34 .; and for Materials for Roads, § 35 .; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, $ 36 .; and to the Lord of the Manor for-Right of Soil, §44. Rector's and Vicar's Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, §40. Rector or Vicar may, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after passing of Act, §50.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for authorizing the Investment of a Fund under the Will and Codicil of the Most Noble Charles late Duke of Norfolk in the Purchase of Estates in any Part of England.

[11th June 1838.]

Cap. 15.

A; i Avt for the Sale of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Pains-icick in the County of Gloucester. [llth»/tme 1838.]

5

1° & 2° VICTORIA Pr. C. 16 — 12.

702

Cap. 16.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places in the Parish of Fen Drayton in the County of Cambridge,

[4th July 1838.]

[Powers of 41 G, 3. c, 109. and 1 fy 2 G. 4. c, 23. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Allotment to be made for Glebe and Common Rights, § 43 .; and for Recreation of the neighbouring Inhabitants, § 44 .; and for Materials for Roads, § 45 .; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 46 .; and in lieu of Chief and Quit Rents, §52. Saving the Rights of the Proprietors of the River Ouze Navigation, §80.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Curbridge in the Parish of Witney in the County of Oxford.

[4th July 1838.]

[Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, § S3 .; and for the Recreation of the Inhabitants, § 34 .; and to the Lords of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 35 .; and to the Rector for Glebe and Common Rights, §36. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after passing of Act, §37. Allotment to be made to Proprietors of Land in Ducklington for Right of Common in Curbridge Meadow, §38. Rectors Allotment to be fenced at the general Expence, §47. Saving Manorial Rights, §61.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gazeley in the County of Suffolk.

[4th July 1838.]

[Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 42 .; and to Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 43 .; and for purchasing Fuel for poor Cottagers, § 44 .; and for Recreation of the Inhabitants, §45. Vicars Allotment to oe fenced at the general Expence, §52.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Pulliam Saint Mary the Virgin and Pulham Saint Mary Magdalen in the County of Norfolk.

[4th July 1838.]

[Allotments to be made to the Lords of the Manor for Right of Soil, §32. Allotments to be made for Watering Places, and Sand, Gravel, &c., § 33 .; and for Recreation of the neigh1 ma Png Population, §34. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence from the Eleventh Day of October next after the Execution of the Award, §56.]

710

Pr. C. 20 — 26. 1° & 2 VICTORIA

A.D. 1833.

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Warley in the several Parishes of Great Warley and Sheffield in the Gouty of Essex.

[4th July 1838.]

[Allotments to be made to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, §§36.38. Allotment to be made for Exercise and Recreation, §39. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, §62.]

Cap. 21.

An Act for authorizing the granting of Leases of Part of the Estates in the County of Carnarvon devised by the Will of the late Richard Parry Esquire.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to explain and extend the Powers of the Trustees of Lady Glenorchy's Chapel and School in Edinburgh.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for authorizing the Sale, Exchange, and Partition of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Richard Henry Alexander Rennet Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the Produce thereof; and for authorizing the granting of Leases of the same Estate; and for authorizing the Investment in Land of the residuary Personal Estate bequeathed by the same Will; and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for giving Effect to certain Powers of Appointment over Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk, so that by the Exercise of such Powers the Estates to be appointed may be discharged from the Countess of Surrey's Pin Money; and for discharging certain Parts of the said Settled Estates from the Portions of the Daughters and younger Sons of the Earl and Countess of Surrey.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 25.

An Act to enable the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth in Macclesfield in the County of Chester to establish a Second School, to be called "The Modern Free School in Macclesfield in the County of Chester;" and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for renewing, granting, and confirming certain joint Powers of Appointment to the Honourable John Simpson and Henry Rridgeman Simpson his eldest Son, and certain sole Powers of Appointment, and of Revocation and new Appointment, to the said Henry Rridgeman Simpson; and for establishing and confirming certain Indentures of Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Henry Rridgeman Simpson respectively affecting the Estates of the said John Simpson and Henry Rridgeman Simpson in the several Counties of Nottingham, Derby, York, and Warwick.

[4th July 1838.]

7

A.D. 1838. 1° & 2° VICTORIAE. Pr. C. 27-34 711

Cap. 27.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands in the County of Glamorgan between Morgan Popkin Traherne Esquire and the Right Honourable Sir John Nichott Knight.

[4th July 1838.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Samuel Smith Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Proceeds of such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled upon the same Trusts.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 29.

An Act to confirm a Division already made and to enable a further Division of the residuary Personal Estate of William Gray deceased, and to determine the Right of Survivorship and Contingency affecting the same.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Warden and Fellows of the College of All Souls, Oxford, and Thomas Penrice Esquire.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 31.

An Act to authorize the making of Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years of Estates devised by or settled to the Uses of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh Esquire, deceased, for building on or otherwise improving the same, under yearly Rents to be reserved in the same Conveyances and Demises, and to sell certain Parts of the said Estates, and to purchase other Estates in lieu thereof, under the Control of the Court of Chancery; and for other Purposes connected with the same Estates.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Lands situate in the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex to grant Building Leases of the said Lands, and for other Purposes.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for authorizing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk to release and discharge from Shackage and Commonage certain Lands within the said Borough, and for other Purposes relating to other Lands belonging to the said Borough.

[27th July 1838.]

Cap. 34.

An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of the Real Estate devised by the Will of the Right Honourable William Henry Earl of Rochford deceased, and for the Application of the Produce thereof, and for authorizing the granting of Leases of the same Estate; and for other Purposes.

[10th August 1838.]

712 Pr. C. 35. 1° & 2° VICTORIA A.D. 1838. Cap. 35.

An Act for enabling the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of the Parishioners of the Parish of Scant Saviour in Southwark in the County of Surrey to sell the old School and Schoolhouse and the Site thereof; and also for enabling the Right Reverend Charles Richard Lord Bishop of Winchester and his Lessees to grant to the said Governors another Site for the Purpose of a more convenient School and Schoolhouse and proper Offices being erected thereon.

[16th August 1838.]

[Index removed.]

