A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. 1 — w. 71$

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Tern* porary will be known (where 11 is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. [i. e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(£) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be " deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judi- daily taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices " and others, without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for altering and enlarging the powers of an Act of His 25 G.3. c. 27. late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing in the County of Norfolk.

[16th March 1824.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for repairing, improving, widening and keeping in Repair the several Roads within the District called The Kidwelly District of Roads, in the County of Carmarthen. (6)

[16th March 1824.]

Present Tolls to continue till 3d Feb. 1825, and after that Time New Ones to be paid instead thereof — New Trustees. 5 G. 3. c. 76. 19 G.3. c. 103. 42 G.3. c.lxvi. all repealed.' Powers <f

3 G.4s c.I26. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. iii.

i Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Lord Nelson Public House, upon the Road between Burnley

and

720

C.iii — v.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

39 & 40G.3.

c.lx.

and Colne, in the Township of Marsden in the Parish of Wkd-lev, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Gisbumt in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near Long Prefab in the said West Riding of the County of York, (6)

[16th Marti 1824.]

[Ato Trustees. 43 G. 3. c. lxix. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Penrith to Cockermouth, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of &* herland. (6) [16th Marti 1824.]

[Afeto Trustees. 2 G. 3. c. 81. 23 G. 3. c. 108. and 44 G.S. c. u. repealed as Jar as they relate to the Roads in the County of Cumberland. Potoers of3G.4>. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. v.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty relative to the Asylum for Female Orphans.

[23d Marti 1824.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing and wdl gaoenb

the Charitable Institution commonly called The Asylum, or Hone of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the &6 *

scribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling tkm to carry on their charitable and useful Designs, whereby it was 4 (among other Things) enacted that the President, Vice Presi* (dents, Treasurer and Guardians, should be a Body Corporate

and Politic, by the Name of The President, Vice Presidents,

4 Treasurer and Guardians of the Asylum for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be tod;"

and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, should and might at any Time thereafter without Licence to Mortmain purchase, take or receive, hold and enjoy any Lands,

4 Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of the said Charity: And Whereas the President Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum have erected or provided for the Purposes of the said Charity a 4 Messuage and Buildings commonly called The Asylum," with 4 a Chapel thereto adjoining, upon Leasehold Ground situate to the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, 4 holden by them, with other Hereditaments, under a Lease granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for a Term of Years which will shortly expire: And Whereas, in order to extend and render permanent the Benefits of the said Charity, the said President, Vice-Presdenfc, 4 Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum are desirous cow

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. vi. 721

1 to purchase the freehold and Inheritance in Fee simple of the said Premises now occupied by them under the said Lease, and they may hereafter be desirous to purchase other Ground,

Lands and Hereditaments from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and other Bodies and Persons being Trustees or otherwise disabled to sell and convey: And Whereas it will tend to increase the Amount of the Contributions and Subscriptions to and otherwise benefit the said Charitable Institution, if Powers be given to diminish the Gross and Annual

Sums of Money made payable by the said recited Act, in order to constitute the Contributors or Subscribers Guardians of the said Asylum: And it will also be beneficial if Powers be given to increase the Number of Vice-Presidents of the said Asylum, and if some other Powers be given to the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, and if in these and some other Respects the said Act were amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporations, Politic, Coij)orate and Collegiate, and all Corporations whatsoever, &Ct empowered whether seised in their own Right or as Trustees for any Purposes cSurfrv whatsoever, Feoffees in Trust for Charitable and other Purposes,

Executors and Administrators, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Successors and Heirs, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts or Wards respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics,

Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity of acting for himself, herself or themselves, and also for all* Femes Covert who are or shall be seized, possessed or interested in their own Right or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable mi any Life or Lives, and for all and every other Person and Persons interested, absolutely to sell and convey to the said Presi-lent, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, the Freehold,

Fee simple and Inheritance, or any Term of Years of and in as Fell the Ground, Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Chapel, Buildings,

Erections and other Premises now held by them upon Lease as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, as also any other Lands, iround. Buildings or Premises adjoining thereto and convenient o be held therewith, which the said President, Vice Pre: idents, reasurer and Guardians shall think proper to be purchased, for he Purposes of the said Charity, not exceeding in the Whole hree Statute Acres; and that all the Hereditaments and Pre-lises which shall be respectively sold as aforesaid, shall be onveyed to the said President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer and uardians, and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said harity, according to the following Form; (that is to say,)

XJL7E A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of Form of Coo-

* to us paid, and (if any) of the Sur- veyance.

render of certain Leasehold Tenements by the President, Vice

5 Geo. IV, S A 1 Presidents,

s

5° GEO. IV.

AD.mt.

C. v.

Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the Asylum for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, acting by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the Tide of that Act],

or by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty [here set forth the Title of this Ad], do hereby grant, release and convey to the said President, VicePresidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, and their Successors, all [here describe the Lands and Premises to be conveyed], and all our Right, Title and Interest to and in the same and every Part thereof, to hold the same unto the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, and their Successors for ever, for the Purposes in the said Acts, In 4 Witness whereof we have hereunto set our common Seal this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Estates coneyed to vest in President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians/

The Charity may surrender Lands as Part of the Consider* at km for the Purchase of other Lands.

And if the Premises are Leasehold for Years they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, mutatis mutandis; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots, Lunatics and Husbands, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution of every such Conveyance as aforesaid the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, and their Successors, shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession respectively of the Messuages or Tenements, Grounds, Lands, Chapel, Buildings, Erections, 'Worb and other Hereditaments and Premises respectively conveyed and assigned as aforesaid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate, Right, Title or Interest in the Premises had actually conveyed and assigned the same, or concurred in the Conveyance and A ment thereof by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale, eorefrd Feoffment, and Livery of Seisin Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender or any other Conveyance, Assignment or Assurance in Law whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Leasehold Lands and Tenements now held by the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum for the Time being, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, shall be deemed by them not necessary or not useful or advisable to be retained for the Purposes of their said Charitable Institution, it shall be lawful for the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, to surrender or cause to be surrendered roch Lands or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, which shall or may be so deemed not necessair or not useful or advisable to be retained as aforesaid, to the Lessor or Lessors, or Owner Owners of the Reversion of the same Lands or Tenements, aed any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Corporation or Corporations, who may be such Lessor or Lessors, or the Owner or Owners of such Reversion, are hereby authorized

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. v. 723

and empowered, if they shall think proper, to accept and take such Surrender os the Consideration or Part of the Consideration for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments which may be sold and conveyed by such Corporation or Corporations respectively by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall Application of be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- Purchase ments, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes Money when thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or ^<£mUnB Collegiate, or to any Corporation whatsoever, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot,

Feme Covert or other Cestuique Trust or Ward, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, shall, in case the same Monies shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be Daid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward; and some One of the Cashiers of the said Bank shall give a Receipt for the Money so paid, which shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same; and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which ball be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as :he Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so pur-based as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at he Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be listing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the deantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money hall by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto be wested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the \irchase of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Reduced Bank tnnuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime and until the same Bank Annuities lall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes

724

5° GEO. IV.

AD. mi

C.v.

aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Bank

Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said

Court to the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons

who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased and settled by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

When less than V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any 200?. and Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene *

amounting to rnents or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and belonging to toy

Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or which shall be limited in strict or other Settlement, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, or Trustee or Trustees, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hinds, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner hereinbefore directed, (One of the Cashiers of the said Bank giving a Receipt for the said Money, which shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same,) or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two TYustees, to be nominated by the Party making such Option and approved of by the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, or their Successors, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands or Seals of the nominatiDg and approving Parties,) and the Money so paid to such Trustees shall be by them applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to the Money so to be paid as aforesaid inti the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, but without any Order of the said Court toudug the Application thereof.

When loss than VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if »y 20f. Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Toe *

ments or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Tvttfy Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Ruffes of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid for his, her or their own Use and Benefit, or to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, or Trustee or Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Corporation or Corporations, or Person or Persons to who* the same shall be paid, shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufideot Discharges for the same.

vn. ft *

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.v.

725

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Question in case of shall arise touching the Title of any Corporation or Corporations, Doubt upon the Person or Persons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Title» In* England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant

General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for in S»IjSuik the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of shall be paid to any Ri^ht, Title, Charge or Interest therein, or of any Bank the Person who Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends was.in the and Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Corporation or Corporations, Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession bo'^r8 W of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates, Interests and Charges, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Corporations or Persons claiming under or under the Possession of such Corporation or Corporations, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Estates, Interests or Charges, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein, or Charge thereon.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court of reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, Chancery may or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heredity- order reason-ments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the abl ^*PPncca Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into 40 the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the said Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, or their Successors, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Lease- Power to sell hold Lands and Tenements now held by the said President, Vice Lands pur-Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians of the said Asylum, or any chased which Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any Lands or Here- may|*?t ditaments to be purchased by virtue'of this Act, shall at any wau Time hereafter be deemed by the President, Vice Presidents,

Treasurer and Guardians for the Time being of the said Asylum not necessary or not useful or proper to be retained for the Purposes of their said Charity, then and in every such Case it shad and may be lawful for the President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians for the Time being of the said Asylum to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons, in such Manner and for such Price or Prices as they shall think proper, and by Indenture

726

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Restraining the Asylum from selling more than Three Acres of Land purchased from incapacitated Persons.

C.v.

ture under their common Seal to convey the Hereditaments so to be sold to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, as he, she or they shall direct or appoint; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by any such Sale or Sales as last mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the said Asylum to sign and give Receipts for the Monies to arise and be received upon any such Sale or Sales; which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons paying the same Sale Monies, or for so much thereof as in the said Receipt or Receipts shall be expressed or acknowledged to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof; and no such Purchaser as aforesaid shall be obliged to enquire or see into the Necessity or Propriety of any Sale so authorised to be made as aforesaid.

X. And Whereas it is expedient to restrain the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, from selling any Lands purchased by virtue of this Act from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or from any Corporation, or from Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Tenant* for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons under legal Disability or Incapacity, and again purchasing other Lands from the same, or any other Body or Bodies Polite, Corporate or Collegiate, or from any Corporation, or from Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purpose *, Executors, 'Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, in lieu or Stead of the Lands so sold; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, to purchme from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate; a from any Corporation, or from Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrator *, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trots, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, more than Three Statute Acres; and in case the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians shall afterwards sell the Whole or any Part of such Three Statute Acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians to purchase from the same or any other Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or from any Corporation, or from Trustees or Feoffees in Trust for Charitable or other Purposes, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or in Behalf of Infants, Lunatia,

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. v.

m

Idiots, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or Persons for whom or for whose Benefit Lands are limited in strict Settlement, and other Persons being under legal Disability or Incapacity, or for the same Bodies and Persons respectively to sell to the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians, any other Lands in lieu or in Stead of those Three Statute Acres or any Part thereof, so sold or disposed of by the said President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Guardians.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to re-Guardians of the said Corporation assembled in a General Court duce the Quali-pursuant to the said recited Act, or the major Part of the fication*of Guardians so assembled, but not less than Seven such Guardians, GuMdiwi» *

to reduce and diminish the several Rates of Contribution or Subscription respectively made payable by the said recited Act, in order to constitute the Contributors or Subscribers thereof respectively Guardians of the said Asylum, to such lower Rates of Contribution or Subscription respectively as they shall think fit, and in Consideration thereof to make such Compensation to the several Persons respectively, at the Time of such Reduction or Diminution being Guardians of the said Asylum, according to the Rates of Contribution or Subscription respectively made payable by the said recited Act in the Way of such additional Rights or Privileges of voting, or other Rights or Privileges, as to the said Guardians of the said Asylum in such General Court assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Guardians, shall seem convenient, advisable and proper; and every Person who shall thereafter contribute or subscribe according to such reduced or diminished Rates of Contribution or Subscription as are hereby authorized to be made, shall thenceforth become and be to all Intents and Purposes a Guardian of the said Asylum, as fully and effectually as if he or she had been appointed a Guardian in and by the said recited Act for the several or any of the Purposes thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the said Power to In-Asylum, at a General Court to be held pursuant to the said crea«e the recited Act, or the major Part of them present at such General

Court, but not less than Seven such Guardians, shall have Power from time to time to add to the Number of the Vice Presidents for the Time being of the said Asylum, and to nominate such additional Vice Presidents accordingly as they from time to time shall think proper or see occasion.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Power in the said Power to en-

recited Act given and reserved for the making of Bye Laws tb Gu*r-

shall be deemed and henceforth construed to extend to enable 10 TOte

the making, ordaining and constituting a Bye Law or Bye Laws xy *

for empowering, with or without Restrictions, the Guardians for the Time being of the said Asylum to vote by Proxy at all such Elections at which a Vote by Proxy shall be conceived to be beneficial to the Interests of the said Charitable Institution.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That bo much of the said 39 & 40G.S.

recited Act as enacts that no Person who shall be admitted into *+>

the said Asylum as an Orphan Girl, or who shall be employed in the said Asylum as an hired Servant, shall, by reason of such Admittance or Service* gain a Settlement in the Parish in which

C v — x, 5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

the said Asylum is or shall be situate, shall be and the B&me is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. vi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm in the County of York, (a)

[23d March 1824.]

[Nieto Trustees. 43 G. 3. c.ii. repealed. Powers of SGA. c. 126. and 4 GA. c. 25. extended to this Act.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Roads from the City of Carlisle to the Market Town of Cockermouth in the County of Cumberland, (h)

[23d March 1824.]

[Nieto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll. Pawn of SGA. c. 126. and 4 G. 4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. viii.

An Act for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) £23d \farch 1S24-3

[Neto Trustees. 23 G. 3. c. 103. and 44 G.3. c.xliii. repealed. Posners of 3 GA. c. 126. and 4 G. 4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Buford Lane in the County of Gloucester, to Stow-on-the-Wold, and from thence to Paddle Bmk; and from the Cross Hands on Halford Hill in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of JVithingto, in the County of Gloucester, (b)

[23d March 1824.]

[Neto Trustees. 28 G. 2. c. 47. 27 G.3. c. 77. 44 G.3. c.xiii.

repealed.]

Cap. x.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Hurdloxv House in the County of Derby to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Chester, (b)

[23d March 1824.]

[Neto Trustees. 1 Sf 2 G.4. c.xviii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

50 GEO. IV. C. xi — xv.

729

Cap. xi.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads leading from the Town of Newent in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford, (b)

[23d March 1824.]

New Trustees. 12 G. 1. c. 13. 20 G.2. c.Sl. 33 G.2. c. 34.

9G.3. c. 50. 42G.3. c.xlv. and 52 G.S. c.cl. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. ancf 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xii.

in Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and also several other Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes; and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith, all in the County of Devon; and for taking down and rebuilding Totnes Bridge in the same County, (a) [23d March 1824.]

Mew Trustees. 20 G. 3. c. 79. and 43G.3. c.xiv. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xiii.

ji Act for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for repairing or rebuilding the Workhouse there.

[31st March 1824.]

9$ 10JF.3. c. 47. Pr. 8 Ann. c. 11. Pr. 15G.2. c. 10. and 28 G.2. c. 27. all repealed.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road from Keswick in the County of Cumberland, by Dunmail Raise and Amblesidey to Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland, as is situate in the said County of Westmorland; and also the Road from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirkby in. Kendal aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland, (a) [31st March 1824.]

New Trustees. 1 Sf 2 G.3. c. 81. 23 G.3. c. 108. 44 G.S. c.xx. repealed so far as they relate to the Westmorland District of Roads. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Appleby in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby in Kendal; and from* Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shop; and from Highgate near Tebay, through Kirkby Stephen, to Market Brough, in the said County, (a)

[31st March 1824.]

New Trustees. 1 G.3. c. 43. 22 G.S. c. 111. 44 G.S. c.lx. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c, 126. and 4 G, 4. c. 95, extended to this Act.]

710

C. xvi — xxii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Marehill, in the Parish of Pulborough, through Shipley, to the Direction Post on the Turnpike Hoad leading from Hortkan to Steyning, at Southwater in the Parish of Horsham, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex, (a)

[31st March 1824.]

[Neto Trustees. Powers of 8G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4r.95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Rwd leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundd to the Turnpike Road leading from Petworth to Stopham, on Ftfir-tvorth Common, in the County of Sussex. (a)

[31st March 1824.]

[New Trustees. 43 G. 3. c.lxvii. repealed. Powers ofiG.l

c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xviii.

18G.3. c. 35. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His 21 G.3. c. 13. late Majesty for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow in the County of Suffolk.

[12th April 1824.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for maintaining and supporting the same.

[12th April 1824.]

Cap. xx.

49 G.3. c«cxir. An Act to revive and amend an Act of the Forty ninth lesr of His late Majesty, for building a Chapel of Ease is the Town of Worthing in the County of Sussex.

[12th April 1824.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease, in the Township of Roundhay, and Parish of Harwich in Elmet, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th April 1824*]

£ Proviso for Rights of Rector in respect of Tithes, <$rc.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and i proving the Town and Boroagh of Plymouth in the County a Devon; and for regulating the Police thereof; and for removl ing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[12th April m]

[lOG.S.o.14. 12G. 3. C. 8. 146.3.0.8. repealed.]

5° GEO. IV. C. xxiii — xxix.

731

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Keighley, within the Parish of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th April 1824.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the j Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to 1Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean in the said County of Stafford, (a) [12th April 1824.]

[New Trustees. 2G.3. c. 42. 23G.3. c. 99. 43G.3. c.lii. re-

pealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xxv.

An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Span Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford, (b) t [12th April 1824.]

[New Trustees. 28 G. 3. c. 104. 43 G.3. c.i. repealed. Powers

o/SGA. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxvi.

in Act for farther extending the Powers of the Company of 42G.3. c.S2. Proprietors for embanking Part of the Lairy near Plymouth. *3 G.s. c.s*.

[12th April 1824.]

m

Cap. xxviii

Kn Act for exonerating the Inhabitants of the several Hamlets,

Tithings and Places within the Parish of Wedmore in the County of Somerset, from the exclusive Maintenance and Repair of the Public Highways within the Limits of the said Hamlets, Tithings and Places respectively, and for charging the same in future on the Inhabitants at large of the said Parish.

[12th April 1824.]

Cap. xxviii.

in Act for repairing the Road leading from the Worcester Turnpike Road, in the Village of Broadway in the County of Worcester, to the Stratford-upon-Avon Turnpike Road, in the Village of Mickleton in the County of Gloucester, (b)

[12th April 1824.]

New Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4* c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxix.

a Act for making a Turnpike Road from Redbrook to Saint Arvans in the County of Monmouth, and for building a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Wyef and for max-

7SS

C. xxix — xxxiv.

5° GEa IV.

A.D. 1824.

ing other Turnpike Roads to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester. (b) [12th April 1824.] [Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G-4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95.

tended to this Act.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining several Roads leading to and from Ceme Abbas in the County of Dorset, (a)

[12th April 1824 ]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. a-

tended to this Act.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads from Ktny-bridge to Dartmouth, Modbury, Salcombe and other Places a the South Part of the County of Devon. (b)

[12th April 1824]

[Neva Trustees. Powers of 3 GA. c. 126. and ^GAc. 95^ extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from church in the County of Salop, to that Part of the Road leading from Nantwich in the County of Chester, to Newcastle under-Lyne in the County of Stafford, which passes through the] Township of Madeley in the said County of Stafford; and also from Hinstock in the said County of Salop, to Nantwtt aforesaid, (b) [12th April 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. 7 G. 3. c. 92. 25 G.3. c.l02. 44 G.S. c.xviii.

repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. esteidd to this Act.J

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for widening, improving and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bronugro«in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned. (a)

[12th April 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. 33 G.3. c. 175. and 43 G.3. c.lxiv. repM. Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. one? 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this ict]

Cap.

XXXIV.

An Act for repairing the Road from Burtryford in the County'd| Durham, through Alston in the County of Cumberland, to Bur* stones in the County of Northumberland, and from Summermfi Bar near Hexham to Alston aforesaid, and several other Road* in the said Counties, and in the North Riding of the County d York, and for erecting Bridges over the River Tyne, (a)

[12th April 1824.]

[N*0> Trustees. 34 G.3. c. 125. 55 G.S. c.viii. 2 GAc.x. ft* pealed. Powers of 3 GA. c. 126, and 4G.4. c. 95.]

rtw Act 3

y

5° GEO. IV. C. xxxv — xli.

753

Cap. xxxv.

In Act for amending and improving the Road from Glossop to MarpU Bridge in the County of Derby, and the several Branches of Roads leading to and from the same, (b)

[12th April 1824.]

New Trustees. 43 G.3. c.xviii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4.

c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cop. xxxvi.

In Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester, lying betwixt the End of the said County of Stafford and One hundred Yards of the East End of a certain Smithy called Duddon Smithy in Clotton in the said County of Chester. (b)

[12th April 1824.]

New Trustees. 9 G.3. c. 94. 29 G.3. c. 91. 43 G.3. c.xciv.

all repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxxvii.

In Act to alter and amend An Act for erecting a New Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Ayr in the Shire of Ayr.

[15th April 1824.]

Cap. xxxviii.

la Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acta passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth and Forty second Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter and Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town and Parish of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[15th April 1824.]

t2 G.2. c. 56. 20 G. 3. c. 11. and 42 G.3. c.xxxiii. continued for

21 years.]

Cap. xxxix.

Q Act to alter and amend An Act for the Regulation of the Corporation of the Masters and Assistants of the Trinity House of Leith.

[15th April 1824.]

Cap. xl.

i Act for taking down, rebuilding and enlarging Maidenhead Chapel, in the County of Berks.

[15th April 1824.]

Cap. xli.

i Act for the better levying and collecting the Rates for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish of South Lynn, otherwise All Saints, in the Borough of Kings Lynn in

the

56 Q.3. c. xix.

1 G.4, c.S7.

L.

73 *

C.xli — xlviii.

5> GEO. IV. A.D. m

See 47 G.S. Seso.2. c.dz.

2 G.4. c.xlir. 4G.4. c.xxiiii

the County of Norfolk, by assessing the Owners of certain Messuages and other Property in the said Parish, instead of the Occupiers thereof; and also for erecting a Workhouse in the same Parish.

[15th April 1824.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for lighting the City of Dublin and Environs thereof with Oil Gas.

[15th April 1894.]

Cap. xliiL

An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge is the County of Warwick, (a) [15th April 1824.]

[New Trustees. 10G.1. c. 15. 13 G.2. c. 22. 26G.2.C. 7S.

10 G.S. c. 90. 42 G.3. c. c. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c.l2d. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Colne in the County of Lancaster, to communicate with the Road leading from Clitheroe in the same County, to Skipton in the County of York, (a) [15th April 1824.]

[Afew Trustees. Powers of SGA. c.l26. and 4G.4%c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Ruge-ley, through Armitage, to Alrewas, with a Branch therefrom, in the County of Stafford, (a) [15th April 1824]

Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. ez-

tended to this Act.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge in the County of Leicester, (a) [15Ui

[New Trustees. 20 G.S. c. 87. 44 G.3. c.iv. repealed. Powen

of 3 G.4. t.126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Lee Navigation in the Parish of Saint Mary Stretford Bow in the County of Middlesex, to join the Regent's Canal at or near a Place called Old Ford Lock, in the Parish of Said Matthew Bethnal Green, in the said County of Middlesex.

[17th May 1824]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Stockton and Darlington Railway to relinquish One of their Branch Railways, and to enable them to make another Branch Raflwir m

lieu

V

5° GEO. IV.

C.xlviii — 4ii.

735

lieu thereof; and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for making a Railway from Palace-Craig in the Parish of Old Monkland in the County of Lanark to the Forth and Clyde Canal near Kirkintilloch in the County of Dumbarton.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. 1.

in Act for enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act of 59G.3. c.kv. His late Majesty, intituled An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalizing the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other Purposes.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. li.

in Act for establishing and regulating a Market, and for erecting a Town Hall and Market Place, in the Township of Bilston in the County of Stafford.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. Hi.

In Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, as relates to the Town of Birmingham, and within Twenty Miles thereof; and for granting further and more effectual Powers for assaying and marking Gold and Silver Plate, wrought or made within the said Town of Birmingham, and within Thirty Miles thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[17th May 1824*]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of lsG.s. c. 52.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 5 intituled An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, whereby the Towns of Birmingham and Sheffield are appointed for the assaying and marking of Wrought Silver Plate, and whereby certain Persons were incorporated a Company belonging to the Town of Birmingham, and styled " The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate," with Power to appoint Wardens and an Assayer of Silver Manufactures made or wrought in the said Town, or within Twenty Miles thereof:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign 12G.2. c. 26. of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, the Standard in the making of any Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold whatsoever, was limited to Twenty two Carats of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and in the making of any

' Silver

0

5° GEO. IV.

AJ).m

38 G.3. c. 69u

13 0.3. c. 52. repealed, so far as relates to Birmingham, &c.

C.liL

Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver whatsoever, was

limited to Eleven Ounces and Two Pennyweights of fine Silver 1 in every Pound Weight Troy; and by an Act passed in the ' Thirty eighth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled 4s Ad 4 for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is notv allowed by Law, the Standard in the making of any

Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture was allowed to be Eighteen

Carats of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and certain

Marks were thereby required to be made thereon: And 1 Whereas it is by the said last recited Act declared to be lawful for the respective Companies of Goldsmiths in London, Edinburgh, Birmingham and Sheffield, and other Places therein mentioned (being respectively duly authorized) , to touch, assay and ' mark any Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold, to be made ' and wrought as therein specified; but inasmuch as the said Act 4 of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

whereby the said Birmingham Company was established, doe?

not contain such Authority, the Persons exercising the Trades ' or Businesses of Goldsmiths, Jewellers and Gold Plate Workers ' residing within the said Town of Birmingham and the Neighbourhood thereof, cannot exercise and enjoy the Privileges and

Advantages which by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty it was assumed they had and intended that they should have and enjoy, and great Difficnl-

ties, Delays and Inconveniences are occasioned to them in regard to the assaying and marking of such Gold Manufacture?;

and it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to then

in the Exercise of their Trades if the said Company of Guar* 4 dians belonging to the Town of Birmingham were empowered to examine, mark and assay Manufactures wrought or made in

Gold, as contemplated by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His said late Majesty, in like Manner as they are empowered by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His said late Majesty, to assay Manufactures wrought or made in Silver in the said Tom 4 of Birmingham, and within Twenty Miles thereof: And Whereas the Purposes of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty might be more effectually executed if the said Guardians were empowered to purchase lands and Buildings for an Office or Offices: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, so far is 1 the same relate to the Town of Birmingham, and within Twenty Miles thereof, should be repealed, and further and other flowera

be granted for effecting the Purposes thereof; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, TW from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George tie Third, so far as the same relates to the said Toiyn of ulm*gm

fan,

A.D. 182L

5° GEO. IV.

C.lii.

737

ham, and within Twenty Miles thereof, and no further, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the present Assay Office in Birmingham, and the Ground and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Rent Charges and all other Hereditaments whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what Nature, Tenure or Kind soever, vested in or belonging to or possessed by the Company of Guardians of the said Town of Birmingham, constituted under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and all Goods, Chattels, Monies, Securities for Money and Effects, Debts, Demands, Rights, Remedies, Cause and Causes of Action, which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall belong to the said Company, or which shall be in the Hands, Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Use or on account of the same, and all Materials, Articles and Things which shall have been provided for the Purposes of the said Company, shall be fully and absolutely vested in the Company by this Act constituted for such and the like Estates, Terms and Interests, and to such and the like Effect in Law, as the same were previously vested in or held or possessed by or for the said Company of Guardians, constituted under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Company by this Act constituted shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to and for all Agreements, Bonds, Covenants, Matters and Things to and for which the Company of Guardians of Wrought Plate in Birmingham, constituted by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, are or shall be at the Time this Act shall take effect subject and liable, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Agreements, Bonds, Covenants, Matters and Things had been made, entered into or given or done under the Powers or Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable the Earl of Warwick, James Alston, William Charles Alston, Anderson Ashmore, William Anderton, Matthew Robinson Boulton, Thomas Beilby, William Blakeway, Dugdale Stratford Dugdale, Samuel Galton, Samuel Tertius Gallon, William Hamper, Hyla Holden, Francis Lawley, Heneage Legge, Matthew Linwood, John Lawrence, Robert Mitchell, Theodore Price, Thomas Pemberton, William Phipson, James Pearson, Samuel Ryland, Westley Richards, John Rotton, George Simcox, Timothy Smith, Richard Spooner, Francis Sheppard, Joseph Taylor, Edward Thomason, William ViUers, John Vale, William Wheelwright, Joseph Willmore, and James Woolley, shall be and they are hereby appointed Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate of or belonging to the Town of Birmingham, and within Thirty Miles thereof; and the said Guardians shall be and they are hereby incorporated and declared :o be a Company, and shall be called or known by the Name of 1 The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate in Birmingham," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and

5 Geo. IV. 3 B from

Property of the former Company vested in the Company hereby constituted.

New Corporation made liable to the Obligations of the Old.

Guardians appointed, and incorporated.

Qualification.

Appointment of Guardians in Cases of Death, &c.

Proviso.

Annual and other Meetings.

Power to make Pye I*aws.

C.lii. 5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

from thenceforth for ever remain and continue to be a Body Politic and Corporate in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall have a Common Seal, and shall be enabled to sue and be sued by that Name in all Courts and Places of Judicature within these Realms, and by that Name shall and may from time to time without Licence in Mortmain purchase and hold any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Guardians hereinbefore named, and their respective Successors to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall respectively continue Members of such Company so long as they shall occupy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the said Town, or within Thirty Miles thereof.

V. And in order that the said Company may have perpetual Succession, he it further enacted, That in case the said Guardians, or any or either of them, shall die or shall cease to occupy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Town, or within Thirty Miles thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and directed annually at their General Meeting, to be held as hereinafter is mentioned to supply all Vacancies so occasioned, and for that Purpose to choose and elect, by a Majority of the Guardians present, some fit and proper Person or Persons occupying Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Town, or within Thirty Miles thereof, to be a Guardian or Guardians in the Place and Stead of such Guardian or Guardians who shall have died, or have ceased to occupy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Town, or within the Distance of Thirty Miles thereof: Provided always, that when the Number of Guardians is complete, there shall not at any Time be more than Nine nor less than Six Persons exercising the Trades of Goldsmiths and Silversmiths, or either of those Trades, Members of the said Company of Guardians.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall hold an annual Meeting at some convenient House or Place in the said Town of Birmingham, on the First Monday in the Month of July, or within Fourteen Days thereof, for executing the Powers of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Guardians, upon any special Occasion, to convene any other Meeting or Meetings of the said Company, to be held at the same or such other Place or Places within the said Town of Birmingham, and at such Time and Times as to them shall seen convenient, upon giving Three Days* Notice thereof in Writing, and shall and may, if they shall think fit, from time to time adjourn any such Meeting or Meetings to any Place or Places in the said Town of Birmingham; and at all such Meetings a Chairman shall and may be appointed, who, in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question, shall have and give the decisive or casting Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, from time to time to make and appoint or cause to be made and appointed a Common Seal or Common Seals for the Use of the said Company, and to alter or vary the same f rom time to time as they shall think proper; and also from time to time

V

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.lii.

739

to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for the well Government and Management of their Assay Office, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of the Officers belonging thereto, and for fixing the Time and Manner for receiving in and delivering out Gold and Silver Plate brought to be assayed, and also for determining the Rates and Prices to be charged for assaying and marking the same, and for every other Purpose relative to the Conduct or Management of such Office; and likewise from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all or any of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, provided that the same, or any Alteration to be made therein, do not in any respect contradict this Act, or the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England; and such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, and any Alteration thereof, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Warden* to said Company, and they are hereby required, at their First Meet- be elected, ing and at their subsequent annual Meetings, to elect and appoint not less than Four nor more than Six Persons (being Guardians as aforesaid) to be Wardens of the said Company, which Wardens shall continue in Office for the Term of One Year and no longer, unless re-elected to such Office in pursuance of this Act; and if any of the Wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall, before the Expiration of his Term of Service, die or cease to occupy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the said Town, or within the Distance of Thirty Miles thereof, then the said Company shall, at their next Meeting after such Death or Removal shall happen or be known, choose another of such Guardians in Manner aforesaid, to be a Warden in his Room, and such Person so elected shall be and is hereby authorized and required to act as Warden for the Remainder of such Term and no longer, unless re-elected to such Office in pursuance of this Act:

IX. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Wardens shall after his Election, and before he shall take upon himself the Execution of the said Office, take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the Form or-to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, Warden' *

' do solemnly affirm], That I will, so long as I continue a °ath *

1 Warden, well and faithfully conduct myself in the said Office;

and that I will not discover, by Description in Words or other-

wise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Pattern, Design or Invention of any Piece or Pieces of Gold or Silver Plate,

brought or to be brought to the Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same or any of them or any Part thereof to be viewed or examined by any Person whomsoever but the Persons necessarily employed or to be employed in the said

Assay Office; and that I will not disclose or give any Information which may be injurious to any Manufacturer of Wrought Gold or Silver Plate, which I may learn, derive or know by Means of such my Office, (except to the Guardians or Wardens ' of the said Assay Office or other competent Authority); and

740

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

that I will in all Things conform to the Rules prescribed for my Conduct in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for, fa 4 [here insert the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD. '

[or being One of the People called Quakers, omit the Words So help me GOD.*]

Which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace acting for the County of Warwick is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Wardens.

Assayers to be X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at appointed. their First Meeting after the passing of this Act, and afterwards from time to time as Occasion shall require, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, elect and choose One or more able and skilful Person or Persons experienced in the assaying of Gold and Silver, to be the Assayer or Assayers of the said Company; and that such Person or Persons so chosen shall continue in the said Office during his or their Life or Lives, unless he or they shall refuse or neglect to attend to the said Business, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office of Assayer (for which said Assayer or Assayers it shall and may be lawful to detain Six Grains only from every Pound Troy of Gold Plate he or they shall assay, One Part whereof shall be put into the Diet Box, and the other Part shall be allowed him towards his Waste and Spillings in making the said Assays of Gold Plate; and it shall and may be lawful for such Assayer or Assayers to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they shall assay, One Part whereof shall be put into the Diet Box, and the other Part shall be allowed him towards his Waste and Spillings in making Security for ex- the said Assays of Silver Plate); and every Assajrer and Assayer? ecuting Office, chosen in pursuance of this Act, immediately after his or their Election or Elections, and before he or they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Office, shall enter into a Bond or Obligation to the Master of His Majesty's Mint for the Time being, with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the said Master, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, for the Execution of the said Office, and for the due Payment of til such Fines and Sums of Money as are and shall be charged and imposed on him or them by this Act, for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of the said Office; and shall also take and subscribe an Oath, or, if one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say).

Assayer's

Oath.

4 T A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

X do solemnly affirm], That I will, so long as I continue an Assayer to the Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Hate in the Town of jBirmingham^ well and faithfully conduct myself in the said Office, and no undue Profit to myself take, to the Hurt or Hindrance of any Person that is Owner or Bringer of any Gold or Silver in Plate to be assayed, except of Wrought Gold Plate only Six Grains of every Pound Troy, a Part whereof to be taken and put into the Diet Box, and other Part whereof to be taken for my Waste and Spillings in making the said Assays, and except of WTrought Silver Plate only Eight Grains of every Pound Troy, a Part whereof to be taken and put into

the

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. lii.

741

the Diet Box, and other Part whereof to be taken for my Waste t and Spillings in making the said Assays; and that I will touch (no Gold nor Silver but what shall be of the Goodness and according to the Standard of this Kingdom, which for the Time being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Gold and Silver Plate, or better; and all such Gold or Silver as shall be brought to me to be touched, I will carefully examine, to see if

it be all of one Sort of Gold or Silver, and forward enough in the Workmanship, and whether all the Pieces be together that ' are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged with unnecessary Solder; and if I find the said Gold or Silver Plate liable to either of the Objections aforesaid, I will

not assay the same; and that I will truly set down in Writing all

such Gold and Silver as shall be brought to me to be touched,

(and the same at all Times as I shall be required will duly and truly deliver again (except as aforesaid) , and will true Accounts make thereof when required by the Wardens of this Company;

and that I will no Assays make of Things new wrought before ' they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner thereof;

' and that I will, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment,

make every Assay so and in such Manner as may best ascertain the true intrinsic Standard of such Plate so to be assayed; and that I will not put, or wittingly or willingly suffer to be put,

into the aforesaid Diet Box any Gold or Silver but that Gold or Silver which has been scraped and taken from the Plate which 4 I shall assay and pass for Standard; and that [will not by myself, or in Partnership with any other Person, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the buying or selling of Gold or Silver Bullion, or in the manufacturing of Gold or Silver Wrought Plate. So help me GOD. *

[or being One of the People called Quakers, omit the Words 4 So

help me GOD.']

Which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace acting for the County of Warwick is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Assayer.

XL And be it further enacted, That the said Company at any of their annual General Meetings to be held under or by virtue of this Act shall and may appoint some fit and proper Person to be a Treasurer, and also appoint some fit and proper Person to be a Clerk, and such other Officers as the said Company shall think necessary (not being one of the said Guardians); and from time to time remove any such Treasurer, Clerk or other Officer ot Officers, and on his or their Death, Neglect, Disqualification or Removal, may appoint another or others in his or their Stead: Provided always, that the said Guardians shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, before such Treasurer shall enter upon the Duties of his Office; and the said Guardians shall and may, if they think proper, also take such sufficient Security from any other Officer to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not lawful for the said Company to continue or appoint the

3 B 3 Person

Appointment of Treasurer and other Officers.

Treasurer to gire Security for Execution of Office.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

742

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 182*.

Accepting both Offices.

Penalty lOOf.

Assistants* and Servants* Oath.

Person who has been or may be appointed their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint any Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or of his Partner, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer or of his Partner, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided also, and be it. further enacted, That all and every Assistant and Servant to be employed in the Assay Office under such Wardens, Assayer or Assayers, shall, previous to their or any of their being engaged in the said Office, take and subscribe an Oath, (or being one of the People called Quakers, gn Affirmation) , in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

T A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers,

4 do solemnly affirm], That I will, so' long as I continue an Assistant or Servant of the Company of the Guardians of Wrought Plate in the Town of Birmingham, well and faithfully conduct myself in the said Office; and that I will not discover,

4 by Description in Words or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Pattern, Design or Invention of any Piece or Pieces of Gold or Silver Plate, brought to the scud Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same, or any of them or any Part thereof, to be viewed or examined by any Person whomsoever but the Persons by or under whom I am or shall be employed in the said Assay Office; and that I wfll

< not disclose or give any Information which may be injurious to any Manufacturer of Wrought Gold or Silver Hate, and which I may derive or know in Consequence of my being employed in the said Office, except to the Guardians or Wardens of the said Assay Office or other competent Authority; and that I will in all Things conform to the Rules laid down for my

< Conduct in or by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for, , fyc. c. [here insert the Title of this Act], and to all Rules laid down or to be laid down by any Bye Law to be made in pursuance of the same Act. So help me GOD. '

[or being a Quaker, omit the Words So help me GOD.] *

Which

L»

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. lii.

743

Which Oath or Affirmation any Justice of the Peace acting for the said County of Warwick is hereby required and empowered to administer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assay Office shall Purpose of be for receiving and assaying Wrought Gold and Silver Plate, Assay Office; which shall be brought to be assayed in pursuance of this Act;

and all Wrought Gold and Silver Plate that shall be brought to the and Duty of said Office for the Purposes aforesaid shall be examined by Two Wardens and of the Wardens and the Assayer of the said Company, to see if Aiaa7en» it be all of one Sort of Gold or Silver, and forward enough in the Workmanship, and whether all the Pieces be together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be marked with and Wrought the Maker or Owner's Mark, or be not charged with unnecessary Plate to be Solder; and if the said Wardens and Assayer shall find any of exammetl; such Gold or Silver Plate liable to either of the Objections aforesaid, then they shall return the same without making any Assay thereof; but if they shall find such Gold and Silver Plate free from all the Objections aforesaid, then there shall be drawn, scraped or cut off, in the Presence of Two of the Wardens and the Assayer, so much from each Piece of Gold Plate in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the Whole the Rate of Six Grains for every Pound Troy, and so much from each Piece of Silver Plate in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the Whole the Rate of Eight Grains for every Pound Troy; and the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings from each Piece or Parcel of Gold or Silver Plate, shall be delivered to the Assayer for him to make his Assays, reserving always a due Proportion thereof for Diet, to be disposed of as hereinafter is directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Assayer or Assayers The Names of to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall keep a Book or Books Owners, Sala-wherein shall be entered the Names of every Owner of Gold and nes, &c. entered Silver Plate brought to be assayed, and the Weight of the same 111 Booka; respectively, and an Account of the Money received for the Assaying thereof; and likewise an Account of the Monies arising

from the Scrapings and Cuttings of the said Gold and Silver Plate

brought to be assayed; and also an Account of the Officers' and

Servants' Salaries and Wages, and other incidental Expences

attending the carrying this Act into Execution; and every inspected with *

Member of the said Company shall have free Access to the said out Fee.

Books, and may examine and inspect the same without Fee or

Reward.

XVX. And be it further enacted, That if on view of any Gold if base Metal or Silver Plate so brought to be assayed, by virtue and in pur- found, the Plata suance of this Act, the Wardens and Assayer or either of them to broken shall have Suspicion of Iron, or other base Metal, being intro- forfe^ue duced or concealed in any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate so brought to be assayed as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Wardens and Assayer to cut the same or cause the same in their Presence to be cut; and if upon cutting thereof any Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, the said Piece of Gold or Silver Plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorized and directed to break and deface the same; and the said Piece of Gold or Silver

3 B 4 Plate,

744

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 182*.

If do base Metal be found on cutting, Ro-compence to be made.

Drawings, Scrapings, &c. how to be disposed of.

Scrapings of different Standards to be kept separate.

Plate, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Wardens and Assayer, and the Produce thereof be by them applied for and towards the Expences which shall or may be attendant upon or incurred on account of the said Assay Office.

XVII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if on cutting such Gold or Silver Plate as aforesaid, no Piece of Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, then and in such Case the said Wardens and Assayer shall forthwith make a Recompence and Satisfaction in Money to the Owner or Owners of such Gold or Silver Plate, to the full Amount of the Damage done to the same, and charge the same to the Account of the Expences of the said Assay Office.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings of each Piece of Gold or Silver Plate as aforesaid, shall be put in separate Papers and marked with corresponding Numbers, and the Assayer who shall assay the same shall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Number or Parcel, and such of the said Numbers as the Assayer shall report to be worse than Standard, the Pieces of Gold and Silver Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be broken to Pieces in the Presence of the said Wardens and Assayer, and returned to the Owner, he paying not exceeding One Shilling per Ounce in respect to Gold Plate, nor exceeding Sixpence per Ounce in respect to Silver Plate, to the Assayer for assaying the same, over and above the usual Fees hereinafter authorized to be taken; and such Numbers as the said Assayer shall report to be Standard or better, the Pieces of Gold and Silver Plate respectively corresponding with such Numbers shall be forthwith marked in the Presence of the Wardens and Assayer, with the Marks of the said Company, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Gold or Silver Plate, (he paying for making the respective Assays thereof such Sums of Money as are hereinafter directed to be paid for the same); and all, or a sufficient Portion of the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so reported Standard or better, shall be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of the said Piece of Gold or Silver Plate endorsed thereon, and immediately deposited in a Box to be provided for that Purpose (which shall be called the Diet Box) , and which Box shall be locked with Three different Locks, and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the said Wardens and the Assayer, and which said Box shall not be opened but in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and Assayer, nor any of the Diet taken thereout but for the Purpose of Trial thereof, as hereinafter is mentioned; and the Scrapings, Drawings and Cuttings, or so much thereof as shall remain after such Process, shall, in the Presence of the said Wardens and Assayer, be put together into the Assayer's Box, to be disposed of as by this Act is hereinafter directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Gold Plate brought to be assayed, which shall be reported to be of the Standard of Twenty two Carats, or of the Standard of Eighteen Carats, as the same shall respectively be, or any Silver Plate which shall be reported to be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights, or of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights,

5° GEO. IV.

C.lii.

74-5

eights, as the same shall respectively be, or better, then the )ra*rin£S, Scrapings or Cuttings from such Gold and Silver Plate espectively shall be put into the Diet Box, in separate Partitions lereof, and not blended together, to the Intent that the Diet of iich Gold Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards, and of such ilrer Plate of the Standards aforesaid, may be separately tried n the annual Trial of the Diet hereinafter directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Goldsmith, Jeweller No Gold or . r Gold Plate Worker, nor any Silversmith or Silver Plate Worker, Silver Plate to or any other Person or Persons whomsoever in the said Town of Jj 110, (1 "Jj* Birmingham, or within Thirty Miles thereof, shall knowingly put witf,

) Sale, exchange or sell any Gold Plate, Vessel or Manufacture certain Marks, f Gold, nor any Silver Plate, Vessel or Manufacture of Silver, ade or wrought in the said Town of Birmingham, or within birty Miles thereof, after the First Day of Jmy One thousand ght hundred and twenty four, or export the same out of this ingdom, until such Time as such Gold or Silver Plate, Vessel

Manufacture of Gold or Silver shall be marked as follows; hat is to say) , every Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of old, being of the Standard of Twenty two Carats of fine Gold every Pound Troy, with the Mark or Figure of the Lion pas-nt, and every Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold, being

the Standard of Eighteen Carats, with the Mark of a Crown and le Figures Eighteen; and all and every Silver Vessel, Plate or [anufacture of Silver, being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces vo Pennyweights of fine Silver per Pound Troy, with the Lion ittant; and all and every Silver Plate or Manufacture of Silver,

* ing of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights of le Silver per Pound Troy, with the Figure of Britannia; and all d every Gold Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold, of either of e Standards or Fineness aforesaid, and all and every Silver Ves-1, Plate or Manufacture of Silver of either of the Standards )resaid, shall be respectively marked in addition to the aforesaid arks as or Figures as follows; (that is to say) , with the Mark of e Worker or Maker thereof respectively, which shall be the First ?tters of his Christian and Surname (or in case of any Partner-ip, the Initials of the Name or Firm of such Partnership) and with 2 peculiar Mark of this Company, (that is to say) , an Anchor to note the Goodness thereof, and the Place where the same were tpectively assayed and marked, and also with a distinct variable irk or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed, on the Election of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote; Year in which such Gold or Silver Plate is marked; upon pain it all Gold and Silver Vessels, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or ver, which shall be made, exposed to Sale, exchanged or exited contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited or the Value Penalty, jreof; one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and ccessors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Peris as will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt,

I, Suit or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or re than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and over and above other Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of riiament now in force relating to Gold and Silver Plate, or either

of

746

12G.2. c. 26.

24 G.3. c. 53.

30 G.3. c. 31.

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Goldsmiths and Silversmiths shall enter their Names with the Wardens of the Company, &c .;

Penalty.

Persons counterfeiting Marks, &c* or transposing or exposing to Sale, guilty of Felony.

of them, excepting always such Things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiving a Touch; and excepting also such Articles as are specially excepted by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Stiver Wares; and by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on aU Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain; and by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to alter so much of an Act made in tie Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George Mr Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds ad

Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares, ' and also so much of another Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled 1 An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties

on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Dudes w 4 all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, ' as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twemy four, every Person residing in the said Town of Birmingham, or within Thirty Miles thereof, who shall carry on or follow the Trade or Business of a Goldsmith or Gold Plate Worker, or Silversmith or Silver Plate Worker, shall enter his Name and hii Mark and Place of Abode, and if Partners, then their Name *, with the Style or Firm of their Partnership, and their Mark aai Place of Abode, with the Wardens of the said Company, vhid Entry shall be made by the said Wardens, upon Demand, whhod Fee or Reward; and if any such Goldsmith or Gold Rati Worker, or Silversmith or Silver Plate Worker, shall not enter hi Name and Mark and Place of Abode as aforesaid, or shall read and carry on his said Trade in any other Place than where he hi so entered as the Place of his Abode, and shall not have enter* his Removal, or shall strike any other Mark on such Gold or Silve Plate than what shall be so entered, every Person offending in an or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of 0# hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on th Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmuuto wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more tha One Imparlance shall be allowed, One Half of which Penalt shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half shall be a) plied for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person when soever shall cast, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to\ cast, forged or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used atto I used for marking Gold or Silver Plate in pursuance of this A) or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any either of them, or shall cast, forge or counterfeit, or came procure to be cast, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Sta or Impression, in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stas or Impression, made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp us

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.lii.

747

>r to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or -by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of hem, or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or tamped, any Gold Wrought Plate, or Silver Wrought Plate, with tnyM&rk or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or coun-erfeited, in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used ir to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker r Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or hall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed r removed from One Piece of Gold Wrought Plate or Silver Vrought Plate to another, or to any Gold or Silver Vessel, or to ny Vessel of base Metal, any Mark, Stamp or Impression made r to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used 5 aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of lold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall sell, ex-bange, or expose to sale, or export out of this Kingdom any lold Wrought Plate, or Silver Wrought Plate, or any Vessel of ase Metal with any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp r Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression which ith been or shall be transposed or removpa from any other'Piece f Gold or Silver Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impression ) be forged, counterfeited or transposed, or removed as aforesaid,

shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or amp, which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in litation of and to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be ed as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or orker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, every ireon offending in any, each or either of the Cases aforesaid, d being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, d shall be punished as Felons are directed to be punished by the iws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Gold- Goldsmiths, &c. lith and Gold Plate Worker, and all and every Silversmith and to fix their iver Plate Worker, shall first fix his or their Mark upon his or before sir Gold Plate and Silver Plate which shall be made from and er the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and y enty four, (except such Things as are exempted by any Law Laws now in force, and also except such Things which by ison of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiv-; the Touch) , and shall then bring or send the same respectively the said Assay Office, and the same shall be there assayed ac-riing to the Provisions of this Act; and if it shall be found the Assayer to be of the Fineness of Standard which for the ne being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Gold or jer Plate, or better, then the same shall be respectively rked with the Company's Marks, in the Presence of Two of Wardens and Assayer; and it shall and may be lawful to I for the said Assayer, or such other Person as the Wardens the Time being of the said Company shall appoint, to ask, land, take and receive of and from all and every such Person Persons as shall from time to time bring to the said Assay ce any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Gold or Silver Plate to assayed, tried and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money or vards, as the said Company of Guardians shall from time to

time

7*8

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 182*.

Prices allowed to be taken by this Act for assaying and marking small Pieces of Wrought Plate.

Marks to be locked up as herein mentioned. Plate marked in Presence of Two Wardens and Assayer.

Assayers not to discover any Design, Pattern, Ac. of Plate brought to be assayed.

time think fit, so as such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards do not exceed for Wrought Gold Plate the several and respective Prices, Sums of Money and Rewards following; (that is to say) , for assaying, trying and marking each Gold Watch Case or Box, Ten Pence; each single Case or Box, One Shilling and Three Pence; each Sword Hilt or Watch Chain, One Shilling and Sixpence; each Hook, Cane Head, Frame for Picture, Toothpick Case, Coral Socket, Spectacle Frame, Seal, Medal, Spoon, Badge, Pencil Case or Pap Boat, Ten Pence; each Buckle or Piece of Chain, Five Pence; each Snuff Box or other Box, One Shilling and Three Pence; each Thimble, Broach, Slide or Blade, Sixpence; each Pair of Sleeve Buttons, Two Pence; each Ring, Coat or Breast Button, One Penny; every other Piece or Pared of Wrought Gold Plate weighing Thirty Ounces or under, T?o Shillings and Sixpence; and for Pieces of large Gold Plate weighing upwards of Thirty and under Fifly Ounces, Four Shillings, and so in Proportion For greater Pieces or Parcels; and for Wrought Silver Plate such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards, & shall not exceed the Sum of One Shilling for every Pound Troy, and so in Proportion for every greater Quantity of SUxer Plate so assayed and marked.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Gold or Silver Plate shall be brought or sent to the said Assay Office to be assayed and marked* which, according to the Rates or Prices hereinbefore limited, shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence on a Parcel of Gold Plate or Manufacture of Gold, and One Shilling on a Parcel of Silver Plate or Manufacture of Silret then there shall be paid for assaying and marking such Parcel oi single Piece of Wrought Gold or Silver Plate respectively a Suq of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling and Supenq for the Parcel of Gold, and One Shilling for the Parcel of Silre Plate: Provided also, that for all small Pieces of Silver Ware which shall be sent to be assayed and marked, it shall be lawfu to take and receive such other Prices, Sums and Rewards as sb&i not exceed the Rate of Sixpence per Dozen for assaying an< marking such small Pieces, such Dozen Pieces not exceedmj in Weight Six Ounces Troy; any Thing herein contained to tb| contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Marks of the sail Company shall be locked up in a Box with three different Loch and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by Two of the Wt^ dens and the Assayer of the said Company, and shall not be take thereout but in the Presence of Two of the said Wardens an the Assayer for the Time being, for the Purpose of marking th Gold and Silver Plate which shall have been assayed and report* Standard; and which Gold and Silver Plate shall be marked j the Presence of Two of the said Wardens and the Assayer, at the Marks immediately after locked up in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawf for the Assayer or Assayers so to be appointed or elected \ virtue of this Act, to discover or explain, by Description in Wort or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Fitter Design or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brougl

5° GEO. IV. C. lii.

749

or to be brought to the Assay Office to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the same to be viewed or examined by any Person whom- 0

soever but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed or to be employed in the said Office; and if by Connivance of the °n Conn'r- said Wardens or otherwise, the Assayer shall mark any Gold or Warden&Tif Silver Plate with the Company's Mark any otherwise than in the the Assayer d*-Presence of the Two Wardens, or if he shall mark any Gold or cover Patterns, Silver Plate which has not been assayed and found Standard, or &c. he stall if he shall discover by Description in Words or otherwise, to any forft, t aoo/* Person or Persons whomsoever, any Pattern, Design or Invention )f any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought to the Office to be issayed as aforesaid, or wittingly or willingly permit or suffer the iame to be viewed or examined by any Person whotqpoever but he Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed in the said Office, such Assayer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as any other Penalty s herein directed to be recovered and disposed of, and shall be urned out of Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of excising the Office of Assayer.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Diet Box Diet Box to be hall once in every Year be opened in the Presence of an Assayer once in every ind Four of the Wardens, and the Diet therein be taken out and Year opened in arefuily packed up in separate Parcels, according to the different ^A^erand Standards, without opening the Papers containing the same, and i^u/wardens, arefully secured and sealed with the respective Seals of the said and conveyed to tour Wardens and Assayer, and by them, in each other's Presence, the Mint, lelivered to a Messenger, to be by him conveyed to His Majesty's lint in London, and delivered to the Master of the Mint or his )eputy, taking a Receipt for the same from him who shall so eceive it, which Receipt the said Master or his Deputy is hereby irected to give; and the Messenger conveying the same shall, t the Time of the Delivery thereof to the said Master or his leputy, make Oath before the Master or his Deputy (which Oath be said Master or his Deputy is hereby authorized and, directed > administer) , that he received the Box or Parcel (as the Case lay be) from the Wardens and Assayer of the said Company, so ailed, as on the Delivery thereof to such Messenger, and that le said Box or Parcel had not been opened after he had so re-eived the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master of His Master of the Majesty's Mint for the Time being or his Deputy shall, within Mint to prefer ourteen Days next after the said Diet shall have been delivered a Memorbl to rer to him as aforesaid, prefer a Memorial to the Lord High xrJttun^for reasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of the United King- Trial of the m of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, requesting Diet by the Time to be fixed for the Trial of the said Diet by the King's King's Assay ssay Maater of His Majesty's Mint, before the Lord High Trea- Ma#ter* rer or the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the United ingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, or lom he or they shall appoint; and the said Master of the Mint his Deputy shall, by Letter to be sent by the General Post, ve such Assayer whose Diet is to be tried Notice of the Time d Place appointed for such Trial, that he may be present if he inks fit, and shall on that Day whereon the Lord High Treasurer

A

C.lii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

V

surer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being shall appoint, and in the Presence of him or them, or of such Persons to be appointed by him or them as aforesaid, deliver the said Diet so received by him as aforesaid, unopened, to the Assay Master of His Majesty's Mint aforesaid, who, in the Presence of the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, or of such Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall duly assay and try the same by the indented Pieces hereinafter directed to be made, in such Manner as by the Persons then present shall be thought necessary, and make a true Report thereof; and if upon such Trial the same shall be found agreeable in Fineness to the said respective Trial Pieces, or better, then the Assay Master of His Majesty's Mint shall return the said Diet to or to the Order of the Wardens and Assay Master of the said Company, who are hereby authorized to sell and dispose thereof, and having entered the Produce thereof in the Books of Accounts of Receipts and Payments relative to the Assay Office belonging to the said Company, shall pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expences of the said Office.

Diet not XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

found sufficient That if on the said Trial the said Diet shall be found not agree--JS — able in Fineness with the said Trial Pieces according to the res-Assayer 200/. pective Standards thereof, but worse, then and in such Case the said Assayer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as any other Penalty n| herein directed to be recovered and disposed of, and shall ero after be rendered incapable of acting as an Assayer under this Act.

overplus of XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case al M°"ey any time or times more Money shall be raised by or from the said

proSnK m Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards hereby given, granted or al* Offenders.8 lowed for the assaying and marking of Gold and Silver Plate, than shall be sufficient to defray the necessary Expences attendant upon the said Assay Office, and in prosecuting Offences agminst this Act, then the Overplus Money so from time to time arising shall at any Meeting of the said Company be directed to be in* vested and laid out in some of the Public Funds or in Govern* ment Securities, in the Name of " The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate in Birmingham and all Interest thereoo, if wanted for the Purposes of the said Office, shall be applied for such Purposes, or if not so wanted, shall be added to the Principal Sum so invested and laid out; and any Part of or the Whole of such Principal Sum may from time to time, or at any Time, be called in by an Order of the said Company made under their Common Seal at any Annual Meeting of the said Company; and when the said Sums so invested and laid out, or the Interest thereof, shall amount to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, then the aforesaid Prices, Sums or Rewards for the assaying, trying and marking Wrought Gold and Silver Plate, shall be reduced in such Proportion as the said Company shall think fit; and the Deficiency (if any) in the Receipts of the Office, occasioned by such Reduction, shall be made good out of the Principal Modes so

invested,

A.D. 1824.

5° GEO. IV.

C\ lii.

751

invested, or the Interest thereof, until such Principal Monies shall be reduced to the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and then such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards, shall or may be raised again to the Amount by this Act granted, and so toties quoties as often as the said Principal Sum shall amount to the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, or be reduced to the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Wardens and Away Master shall from time to time, as Occasion shall require, make or cause to be made indented Trial Pieces of Gold and Silver of each of the various Standards required by Law for Gold and Silver Plate respectively, and shall cause the same Trial Pieces respectively to be brought or sent to His Majesty's Mint in London, and there be assayed and tried by His Majesty's Assay Master; and when the same shall have been so assayed and tried, and found to be of the respective Standards aforesaid, one Moiety of each Piece shall be returned to the Assayer who brought or sent the same, and such Moieties respectively shall be deposited by him in his Office as Guides for trying such Gold and Silver Plate as shall be brought to the said Assay Office to be assayed, and the other Moieties respectively shall remain in His Majesty's Mint, in the Custody of the Master and Worker for the Time being, thereby to try the Diet directed to be assayed by His Majesty's Assay Master as aforesaid.

XXaII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, before the Assay of their Diet, yearly and every Year pay to the Master of His Majesty's Mint or his Deputy, for the Use of his Deputy, and to the King's Assay Master, the several Sums following; (that is to say) , to the Master of His Majesty's Mint or his Deputy, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and to the King's Assay Master the Sum of Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings, by Way of Recompence for the Trouble and Expence they will respectively have and incur by Means of the Trial of the said Diet in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter recover Judgment in any Court of Record against any Assay Master of the said Company for any Penalty which shall or may be imposed on him by or in pursuance of this Act, for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of his Office, ind such Penalty, together with the Costs adjudged, shall not be paid within the Time prescribed by the Court wherein the said Judgment shall be obtained, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of His Majesty's Mint for :he Time being, and he is hereby authorized and directed to issign over to such Person or Persons so recovering such Judg-nent, the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered nto by the .said Assayer and nis Sureties to the Master of His Majesty's Mint as aforesaid, in order to enable such Person or Persons to bring One or more Action or Actions thereon against such Assayer and his Sureties, or either of them, or the Heirs, Sxecutors or Administrators of them or either of them, for the Recovery of such Penalty so recovered against the said Assayer, ogether with the Costs adjudged; in which last mentioned Vction or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove

the

Indented Trial Pieces to be made by the Warden* and Assayer.

Sums payable yearly to the Master of His Majesty's Mint.

Persons recovering Judgment against the Assay Master, and not being paid the Penalty adjudged, may have the Assay Master's Bond assigned to them.

c.m.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Proviso, if Verdict be given for Defendant, Costs to be paid by the Assignee.

Assay Office to be provided.

To enable Bodies Politic* &c. to convey.

the Execution of the said Bond, and of the Assignment thereof, and the former Judgment recovered against the Assayer, in order to entitle such Plaintiff to Judgment and Execution: Provided always nevertheless, that if in any Action to be brought on the same Bond as last aforesaid a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff be nonsuited, then the Costs of such Verdict or Nonsuit shall be paid by the Assignee of such Bond, and the Master of His Majesty's Mint be wholly exonerated and discharged therefrom; any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to purchase or rent any Land (not exceeding Two Acres) , and any Building or Buildings thereon, in the said Town of Birmingham, or the Neighbourhood thereof, as and for an Assay Office, and other necessary Offices and Accommodations for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation :; , whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffs in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their respective C«-tuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell, convey, surrender and assure all or any Part thereof, and ill his, her or their Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever, of, in and to the same, to the said Company and their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons, and his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, as the said Company shall direct, in Trust for them the said Company, or their Assigns, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders and Assurances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shill be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever of the said several and respective Cestuiaue Trusts, and all Perm* claiming or to claim by, from or unaer them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all other Persons

whomsoever,

A.D. 182L

5° GEO. IV.

C.liL

753

whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall .. u be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or compensation Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers Money when of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any exceeding 200/. Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, lVith all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Guardians for executing this Act, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act 1 c«35 *

for the tetter securing Monies and Effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court, and for other Purposes, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the tike Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used'as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Exchequer upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Conso-idated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby iirectod to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

5 Geo. IV. 3 C XXXVII. And

0

75+

Clii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1M4.

Application when Compensation less tnon 200/. and not less than 20/.

Application where less than 20/.

In case of not making out Titles, Money to lie paid into the Hank.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money to agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Cose be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as before mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Penou who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rente and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, io such Manner as the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to hit, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to md for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sunt or Sums of Money shall be so awarded os aforesaid cannot be fond, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money to awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of En^rndy in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Genera of the sasd Court of Exchequer to be placed to hi6 Account, to the - Credit of the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Tmt-

13 menu

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.lii.

7 55

ments or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as* to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons who shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been m Possession of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, .Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Exchequer, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of such last mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much thereof as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act,

3 C 2 who

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money.

Court of Exchequer may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Trustees.

750

Power to resell Land, &c. not used.

Persons aggrieved may appeal.

[Public Act.]

C'.ln-liii. 5cGEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLII. And Whereas by reason of the Purchases which the *' said Company is required to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, or of some Buildings, over and above what will be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground or Buildings, either together or in Lots, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to any Person or Persons who may be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself herself or themselves aggrieved by any Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation to be made under or by virtue of this Act, or by any Thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, he, she or they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions which shall be holden in and for the said County of Warwick, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the Party and Parties concerned Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, not interested in the Premises, in then said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and in case of Nonpayment thereof before the then next General or Quarter Sessions, to levy, by their Order or Warrant, the Costs and Damages which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) , on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; bu\ in case such Appeal shall appear to the Justices to be frivolous or 'without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Coats to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and the same shall be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shill be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. liii.

An Act for lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town

of Ashford in the County of Kent.

[17th May 18S4-]

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C* liv — lix.

757:

Cap. liv.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Back Lane in the Parish of Scartho to Hollowgate Head in the Parish of Louth in the County of Lincoln. (b) [17th Map 1824-]

[Afao Trustees. 43G.3. c.cxxxiii. repealed. 3G.4. c. 126.]

and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to'this Act.']

Cap. lv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Blackburn to Preston, and Two Branches therefrom, and erecting a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Kibble, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (b) [17th May 1824.]

[Neva Trustees. 3 G.4. c.iii. recited. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95.extended to this Act.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for repairing the Lower Road from Greenwich to Woolwich in the County of Kent, (b) [17th Map 1824.]

[New Trustees. 58 G.3. c.lxxviii. repealed. The Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G. 4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road leading from the Eastern Side of a certain Bridge called Spittle Hill Bridge, over Moorgate Beck in the Parish of Clarborough in the County of Nottingham, to Littleborough Ferrp in the same County, (a) [17th Map 1824.]

[Nexv Trustees. The Powers of 3 GA. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and from Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall to Ireland's Cross near fVoore in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to the Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall in the Road between Bridgford and Newport. (5) [17th Map 1824.]

[Aetu Trustees. So much of3G.3. c. 59* and 23G. 3. C.IQ5. as relates to the Road herein described, and also the Act 44 G.3. c. xxx. repealed. The Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the Town of Stone to Gaol Gate in the Borough of Stafford, and from Green Gate in the said Borough, through the Towns of

3 C 3 Dunston

758

C.lx — lxiii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 182*.

Dunston and Penkridge, to Streetway Road, in the Road leading to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford, (5)

[17th Afay 182*.]

[New Trustees. So much of 1 G. 3. c. 39. and 22 G. 3. c. 96. as relates to the Road herein described, and the Act 43 G.3. e.ii. repealed. The Potoers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95.]

extended to this Act.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and other Hoads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for making a Road from or near the Town of Littleport in the Isle of Ely, to the Ferry or Floating Bridge over the Hundred Feet River, in the Parish of Welney in the County of Norfolk. (6) [17th May 182*.]

[New Trustees. 3 G.3. c. 36. 5 G.3. c. 79. 10 G.3. c. 97. and 44 G.3. c.lxx. repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.*. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the North East Side of the Gosvodl Street Road next Islington, to the North West Corner of Finsbury Square, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex, commonly called and known by the Name of The City Road, (b) [17th May 182*.]

[A/cto Trustees. 1 G.3. c. 26. 23 G. 3. c. 102. and 43G.3.

c.lxviii. repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Pott Road near Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Castle Street, in the City of Canterbury, all in the County of Kent.(b) [17th May 1824.1

[New Trustees. 2 G.3. c. 76. 22 G.3. c. 102. and 43 G.S. c. 6x.

repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. Ixiii.

59G.3. c.cxiv. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and improving, or rebuilding, the Church at Barnsley in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Churchyard and Burial Grounds thereof; and for amending the said Act.

[28th May 1824] [Provisofor Title of Incumbent.]

ie

A.D. 1824.

5" GEO. IV.

Clxiv — lxx.

759

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Church or ancient Parochial Chapel of Ease of Oldham, within the Parish of Prestxvich-cum-OldJiam, in the County Palatine of' Lancaster, for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalizing the Church Rates, and other Purposes.

[28th May 1824.] [Proviso Jor Rights of Rector and Patron.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for widening, deepening, enlarging and making navigable a certain Creek called Counters Creek, from or from near Counters Bridge, on the Road from London to Hammersmith, to the River Thames in the County of Middlesex, and for maintaining the same.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough and Town of Lancaster in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating and improving the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester; for repairing, improving and maintaining the Bridge over the River Avon within the said Borough, and for selling certain Waste Lands within the said Borough, and for appropriating the Monies arising from such Sales towards the Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, widening, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Walsall and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Walsall in the County of Stafford.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for opening i gj. a Street from the Cross of Glasgow to Monteith Row. c. 1xxxvi«.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating Streets and other public Passages and Places on certain Plots of Ground called Battle Bridge Fields, near Grays Inn Lane, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

[28th May 1824.]

3 C 4

r

760

C.lxxi — lxxx.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to enable The Australian Company of Edinburgh to sue and be sued in the Name of the Manager for the Time being of the said Company.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxii.

50 G. 3. c.xci. An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of 57 G.3. c.xxi. Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

[28th May 1824.]

[37 G. 3. c. 78. repealed.']

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Right of voting at Vestries of the Parish of Saint John Souihtoark in the County of Sumy, and to establish a Select Vestry within the said Parish.

[28th May 1824*] [6 G.2. c.ll. and 26 G.3. c. 114. in Part repealed.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns or Villages of Margate, Ramsgate and Broadstairs, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxvi.

' An Act for the better lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh by Oil Gas.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Hereford, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to establish an additional Company for more effectually lighting with Gas certain Places within the Borough of South warky and certain other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for lighting and watching the Parish of Clifton in the County of Gloucester.

[28th May 1824.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to enable the Kent Fire Insurance Company to sue and prosecute in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member of such Company.

[28th May 1824.]

A.D. 1824.

5« GEO. IV. C. lxxxi — lxxxvi.

761

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in Repair the several Roads in and near Great Torrington; and to make a new Line of Road on the Western Side of the River Torridge, in the County of Devon, (b) [28th May 1824.]

[New Trustees. 5G.3. c. 58. 26 G.3. c. 128. and 47G.3.

c. xcvii. repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Roundhay Bridge to Collingham in the County of York, (b)

[28th May 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for amending the Roads leading from Brickworth Pond. in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, through Romsey in the County of Southampton, to the County of the Town of Southampton, (b) [28th May 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. 29 G.2. c. 45. 22G.3. c. 110. and 43 G.3.

c.lxxii. repealed. Powers of 3.G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Carmarthen, through Velindre Shinkin, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen, (b) [28th May 1824.]

New Trustees. 43 G.8. c.xxxi. repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxv.

\n Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Austell and JLostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the said County, (b) [28th May 1824.]

Nexv Trustees. 1 G.3. c. 27* 21 G.3. c. 90. and43 G.3. c.lxiii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to

this Act.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

Ln Act for amending and improving the Road from Sacred Gate in the Township of Thomgumbald, to Pattrington Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead to the Township of South Prodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, (b)

[28th May 1824.]

r

C. ixxxvii — xci.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

[Afeto Trustees. 1 G.3. c. 35. 20 G.3. c. 89. and 43 G.3. c.lxxi.

repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from WUmsloto Bridge in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderney and Congleton, to or near the Red Bull, in Church Lavoton, in the said County. (6) [28th May 1824.]

[New Trustees. 21 G.3. c. 82. and 42G.3. c.xii. repealed

Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Sat* Dunstans Cross to North Lane near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Sea Side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for widening and improving the Road from North Lane aforesaid, over West Gate Bridge, to the West Gate of the said City, and for making a Foot Bridge on each Side of the said Bridge and Gate into the said City, (a)

[28th May 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. 44 G.3. c.l. repealed. Powers of 3GA. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from Salterfieb-ble in the Parish of Halifax, to the Huddersfield and New Hey Turnpike Road in the Parish of Huddersfield, and seven! Branches therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York, with certain Bridges on the Line of the said Road and J Branches, (b) [28th May 1624.}

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. car- tended to this Act.] .

Cap. xc.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the -Turnpike Road leading from Bradford to Wakefidd in the West Riding of the County of York, near Holme Lane End, in the Parish of Birstal in the said Riding, to the Turnpike; Road leading from Birstal to Huddersfield in the said Riding, ' at the Township of Heckmondwike, in the Parish of Birstal jj aforesaid, with a Branch Road therefrom. (5)

[28th May 1824.]) ,

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. C. 9S. ex- r

tended to this Act.] \

Cap. xci. I

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from BrigktAebn-stone to Newhaven, in the County of Sussex. (5)

[28th May 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this AcC]

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.x cii — xcix.

763

Cap. xcii.

An Act for taking down Burrow Bridge, over the River Parrett, in the County of Somerset, and erecting another in lieu thereof.

[3d June 1824.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Dingwall, and regulating the Police of the said Burgh.

[3d June 1824.]

Cap. xdv.

An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Arun, at Littlehampton, in the County of Sussex, and making Roads to communicate therewith. [Sd June 1824.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Hultne in the County of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof.

[3d June 1824.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual 34 G. 3. c. 102. an Act of His late Majesty, for improving the Outfall of the River Welland in the County of Lincoln.

[3d June 1824.]

Cap. xcvii.

In Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair, the First District of Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town of Dridport in the County of Dorset, (b)

[3d June 1824.]

New Trustees. 59 G.3. c.lxxxviii. repealed. Poxders of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G. 4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xcviii.

ji Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roods leading to, through and from the Towns of Langport,

Somerton and Castle Cary, in the County of Somerset, and for making and improving other Roads in the said County, (b)

[3d June 1824.]

Veto Trustees. 26 G.2. c. 92. 18 G.3. c. 100. and 32 G.3. c. 130.

repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95* extended to this Act.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for repairing certain Roads between Stokenchurch and the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Otford; and several other Roads communicating therewith. (5)

[3d June 1824.]

Veto Trustees. 18G.3. c. 91. and 29 G.S. c. 90. repealed.

JPoxjoers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c, 95. extended to this Act.]

r

764

C. c — cv.

5C GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Cap. c.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Pig's Elm in the Parish of Boddington, through Cheltenham to ShipUm Lane, near Frog Mill Inn, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester. (b) [3d June 1824.]

Trustees. 25 G.3. c. 125. and 46 G.3. c. cxxxvii. repealed.

Powers of S G.4. c. 126. am/ 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, through Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford, to Tutbury in the said County of Stafford, (b) [3d June 1824.]

[New Trustees. 26 G.2. c. 85. 19 G.3. c. 85. and 42G.3. c.xliv,

repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge, and for making and maintaining a collateral Branch and certain other Branches to communicate respectively with certain Parts of the said Road, in the Parishes of Chester-le-Street and Gateshead, all in the County of Durham, (b)

[3d June 1824.]

[Afetu Trustees. 20 G.2. c. 12. 26 G.2. c. 48. 13 G.S. c. 99.]

and 53 G.S. c.cxxix. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. amd, 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Acts, (a)

[3d

[New Trustees. 17 G.S. c. 105. 33 G.S. c. 142. and 50 G.S.

c.xxxiii. repealed. Powers of 3G.4.C. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. civ.

An Act for making, repairing and improving .several Roads in the Counties of Radnor, Hereford and Merioneth. (a)

[3d June 1824.]

[New Trustees. 7 G.S. c. 67. 24 G.S. sess.2. c. 69. and 44 G.S-

c.xlviii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for improving and more effectually repairing the Roads from the Town of Boltdn in the Moors to Nightingales in the Township of Heath Charnock7 and for making a Branch Road

from

A.D. 1824.

5°G EO. IV.

C.cvi — cxi.

765

from Little Bolton to or near the Croton in Hortoich; and for enabling the Trustees therein named, together with the Trustees North and South of Yarrow, and the Trustees of the Road from Westhoughton to Duxbury Stocks, to make a new Line of Road from Hole House Brow in the said Township, to the Town of Charley, and a Branch Road from Rawlinson Bridge to Halliwell Field in the same Township, and another Branch Road in the Township of Duxbury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [3d June 1824.]

[New Trustees. 45 G. 3. c.xiv. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4.

c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. cvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Godley Lane Head, near Halifax, to Northowram Green in the West Riding of the County of York. (5) [3d June 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the City of Glasgow to the Village of Parkhead. (b)

[3d June 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. Powers o/*4 G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.']

Cap. cviii.

An Act to provide for the paving, gravelling, lighting and watching certain Footways and Carriageways in and near Brompton Square in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of Middlesex; and to provide for the Maintenance of a Garden and Shrubbery in the said Square.

[4th June 1824.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for erecting new Market Places within the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent, and for the better regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

[4th June 1824.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedsy within the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[4th June 1824.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and certain Roads communicating therewith, (b) [4th June 1824.]

IMctv Trustees. 14G. 3. C.I05. 32G. 3. C. 152. and 43G.3.

c. xxxvi. repealed. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.]

r

/ oo

C cxii — cxvii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

t^7G, 3. c#ii. ?

k

Cap. cxii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the Rhrer Thames from the Hamlet of Hammersmith in the County of Middlesex, to the Parish of Barnes in the County of Surrey 9 and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate with such Bridge.

[9th June 1824.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for erecting a Bridge over the Water of Lory, in the County of Devon.

[9th June 1824.]

[4* G.4. c.x. repealed as to Height of the Bridge.] j

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Teign, at Tests-mouth in the County of Devon; and for making Approaches to the same.

[9th June 1824.]

I Royal Family exempt from Toll.] j

Cap. cxv.

An Act for improving and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near the Town of Bideford, and for making a new Line of Road on the Western Side of the River Torridge; and also a new Line of Road to unite such Road with the Road leading j from Bideford to Buckland Brewer in the County of Devon, (fc)

[9th June 1824.]

[Afa© Trustees. 4* G.3. c. 87. 25G.3. c. 119. 46 G.S.+ repealed.

Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Porthdmllaen to or near Cerrig y Rhtvydtvr, and from Tan y Graig in the Parish of Bodvcan to Pwllheli* and from thence to Llany-slymdxvy, and from Cerrig y RJhwydxur aforesaid to or near Capel Cerrigy and for making a Road from Pwllheli aforesaid, to Penrhynau in the Parish of Uanengan, all in the County of Caernarvon. (a) [9th June 1824.]

[Afcw Trustees. 43 G.3. c. xxxviii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of His late Highness Ameer Stng9 formerly Rajah of Tanjore, deceased, the better to carry the same into effect.

[17th June 1824.]

A .1). 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.cxviii — cxxiii.

767

Cap. cxviii.

An Act to provide for valuing the Houses situate in and near the City of Dublin, and for the more equal Payment of the Local Taxes there.

[17th June 1824.]

[Proviso for Dublin Castle and all other Houses belonging to His Majesty."]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for enabling the Thames and Medway Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works.

[17th June 1824.]

[S9#40G.3. c.xxiii. as to taking Water at 2000 Yards from Heady Spc. of Caned, and as respects Compensation for Tithes, repealed."]

Cap. cxx.

An Act to abridge, vary, extend and improve the Bristol and Taunton Canal Navigation, and to alter the Powers of an Act of the Fifty first Year of His late Majesty for making the said Canal.

[17th June 1824.]

[51 G.3. c. lx. as to Power to make the Canal from Morgans Pill to Clevedon and the Cut to Nailsea Railways and Stone Roads9 fyc .; as to Power to take Water at 2000 or 1000 Yards; as relates to Works heretofore required on the Yeo, Axe, Brue, Parrett and Kings Sedgemoor Drain; as to Authority of Commissioners of Sexoers; to the Investment and Application of 10,0001 .; to the Appointment (f Commissioners for settling Disputes; as respects Compensation for Tithes; and as to Provisoes

for applying Taxes on the Rates between the Parishes.]

Cap. cxxi.

in Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Redruth in the County of Cornwall, to Point Quay in the Parish of Feock, in the same County, with severed Branches therefrom; and also for restoring, improving and maintaining the Navigation of Restrongett Creek, in the same County.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxii.

in Act for completing the Port or Harbour of Courtemn, at Brenogue Head, in the County of We ford.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxiii.

in Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of mg.s. c. 9i. the City of London to raise a Sum of Money at a reduced Rate 17 G.s. c. 18. of Interest, to pay off the Monies now charged on the Tolls and 50 G.s. c.ccW. Duties payable by virtue of Four Acts of the Reign of His 54

late c* ccxxll, '

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

28 G.3. c. 74. 33 G.3. c. 43. 50 G.3. c.xliv.

1&2G.4.

c.cxiv.

late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London.

[17th June 1824-1

[52 G.3. c.xlvi. repealed as to verifying Collectors9 Accounts by

Oath.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for lighting, cleansing and improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act to repeal several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and watching and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same; and to make more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof.

[17th June 1824.]

[17 G.3. c. 5. 4-2 G.3. c.xxviii. 53 G.3. c.xxi. 12 G.S. c.H.

46 G.3. c.l. 35 G.3. c. 14-7. and 51 G.3. c.cxxxiv. repealed]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for better governing and regulating the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex; for paving, lighting and watching such Parts of the said Parish as may be necessary, and for other Purposes relating to those Objects; and for altering and amending several Acts passed in the Twenty eighth, Thirty third and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for rebuilding the Church and enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish.

[17th June 1824-.}

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of Saint Nicholas. Harwich, in the County of Essex.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for erecting the Town of Bathgate in the County of Linlithgow, into a Free and Independent Burgh of BaroQj; paving, lighting and improving the same, and establishing a Police therein.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for the better paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the Burgh of Dundee, and for building and maintaining a Bridewell there.

[17th June 1824.]

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV. C. cxxx — cxxxvii.

769

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for supplying with Water the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and the Township of Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[17th June 1824*.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for better supplying the City of Canterbury, and the several Streets and Roads adjoining thereto with Water.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for better supplying the Town apd Neighbourhood of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester with Water.

[17th June 1824, }

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for erecting a Market House for the Sale of Corn, Hops and other Agricultural Produce in the City of Canterbury, and County of the same City, for improving and enlarging the Market Places for the Sale of Provisions in the said City and County, and for regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

[17th June 1824,]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for confirming certain Leases, and a Conveyance in Fee, of certain Plots of Land allotted by an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for divicling, allotting and inclosing the Common or Waste, situate in the Manor of Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Newton; and for enabling the said Overseers to sell and convey in Fee other Plots of Land, all formerly Part of the said Waste, for building upon, in consideration of Yearly Chief or Ground Rents to be reserved for the same.

[17th June 1824-.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

In Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose.

[17th June 1824,]

Cap. cxxxvii.

In Act for enabling the Alliance British and Foreign Life and Fire Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company.

[17th June 1824s],

3 D

42G.S. c. 107. Pr.

5 Geo. IV.

r

770

C. cxxxviii — cxliii.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

1

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Hanystcad Road in Camden Town, to the North Road at Holloway in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex, (b)

[17th June 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.']

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road, near the South or Upper End of Harwell Town, in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road, near the Village of Streatley, in the said County. (b) [17th June 1824.]

[Veto Trustees. 43 G. 3. c.xcii. repealed. Powers of $G A.

c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Road leading from the London Turnpike-Road, near the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to the Village of Bishops Cleeve} near Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester. (b)

[17th June 1824}

[Veto Trustees. 29G.3. c. 102. and 49G.3. c. 1. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from the Town and Borough of Buckingham to the Oxford and Northampton Turnpike Road at Lord's Field Gate, near the Town of Towcestrr.(b)

[17th June 1824]

[Arte Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the Cross Moor, or Long Meadow End, in the County of Salop; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Hereford. (b) 117th June 1824-}

[Veto Trustees. 32 G.2. c. 66. 21 G.3. c. 105. and 42 G.S. c.lix.

Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Road leading from Manchester to Bolton, to communicate with the Road from Bury to Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (a) [17th June 1894]

[Veto Trustees. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.A. c. 95 extended to this Act.],

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

C.cxliv — cxlviii.

771

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks; and for repairing the Cannon Street Road; and for making and maintaining a new Road to Baricing, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Fort in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Laney Sfindwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End in the County of Middlesex. (b) [17th June 1824.]

[42 G.3. c.ci. 44 G.3. c.xxxvii. 46 G.3. c.cxxv. 48 G.3. c.xcii. 49 G.3. c.clxxii. 51 G.3. c.xlii. 55 G.3. c.lxxxix. and 2 G.4. c.xxxiii. continued.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading out of the Turnpike Road between Poole and Wimborne Minster, into the Turnpike Road between Blandford-Forum and Dorchester; and for repairing and improving the Roads from Durweston Bridge to Caundle Bishop; from Bagber Common to Holton Street; and from North Cneriton to Lattiford; all in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset. (5) [17th June 1824.]

[Arctu Trustees. 7 G. 3. £.82. 17 G.3. c. 85. and 49 G.3. c.xxvii.

repealed as to the Turnpike Road herein mentioned. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4 G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head, in the Township of Shepleyt to the Termination of a Branch of the Barnsley Turnpike Road, in the Township of Caivthome, in the West Riding of the County of York. (5)

[17th June 1824.]

[Aretu Trustees. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. and 4G.4. c. 95. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a Sum of Money at a reduced Rate of Interest to pay off the Monies now charged on the Duties payable by virtue of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for the more effectually improving the Navigation of the River Medway from Maidstone to Hailing, in the County of Kent) and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of

3 D 2 the

4SG.3.

c.cxxxiv

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 18U.

SG.4. c.lir.

4 G.4. c.l

SO©.* (I.)

the Forty second Year of His late Majesty for improving the Navigation of the said River.

[21st June 1834.]

[4£ Gr.3. c.xciv. so far at relates to Compensation for Tithes, and to Commissioners for settling Disputes, repealed]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

[21st June 1834*]

Cap. cl.

. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near the Haw Passage, in the County of Gloucester, and far making convenient Roads thereto; and to divert Fan of the Line of Road by the said Act authorized to be made.

[21st June 1834J

Cap. cli.

An Act for the Removal of Fleet Market in the City of London.

[21st June 1834.]

[Compensation for Tithes in the Parish of St. Bride s until the Market is completed. The like as to Tithes of St. Andrew's Holborn.]

Cap. clii.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, for lighting and improving the City of Londonderry.

[218t June 1834]

Cap. cliii.

An Act to enable the British Annuity Company for the purchasing of Annuities, under certain Regulations to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being.

[21st June 1824*]

Cap. cliv.

An Act to enable the Patriotic Assurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

[21st Juste 1824. J

Cap. civ.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Southwark Bridge.

[24th June 1824.]

[51 G\3. c.clxvi. 53G.S. c.lxxxvii. 56G.S. c.xi. 58 G.S. c.lxviii. 1 G.4. c.xlix. 4 G.4. r.cxvi. recited.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel under the River Thames, from some Place in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex to the opposite Shore of

dm

the said River in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, with sufficient Approaches thereto.

[24th June 1824.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The Royal Irish Mining Company." [24th June 1824.]

Cap. clviii.

An Act to enabld the Mining Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

[24th June 1824.]

Cap. clix.

An Act to enable the Hibernian Joint Stock Company, for the Purpose of purchasing and selling Annuities, and all public and other Securities Real and Personal in Ireland, and to advance Money, and make Loans thereof, on the Security of such Real and Personal Security, at legal Interest, and on the Security of Merchandize and manufactured Goods, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Governor or Secretary for the Time being.

[25th June 1824.]

Cap. clx.

An Act to enable the Saint Patrick Assurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

[25th June 1824-]

3D S

774

Pr. C. 1 — 3.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by u the several Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, w duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; a and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be ad-u mitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others *

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sneiston in the County of Derby. [Slat March IBB*-]

[Allotment to the Rector for Glebe, § 28. Rents ascertained as a Compensation for Tithes, § 31. When Tithes to cease* § 35-Proviso for Right of Rector to Tithes not commuted* § 36* Fencing Allotments for Glebe, § 39.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of Henry Roche Thornhill Esquire, deceased, to sell the Manor of Fieadey in the County of Derby, with divers Estates within the Pariah and Manor of Pleasley; and for applying the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Derby, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

[12th April IBS*]

Cap. 3.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wenden Lofts and Elmdon in the County of Essex, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parishes.

[12th April 182*-]

[Allotments to the Impropriators and Incumbents of Wenden Lofts and Elmdon for Glebe, § 30 .; to the Impropriator and Vicar of Elmdon and to the Rector of Wenden Lofts in lieu, of Glebe, and fencing thereof § § 31. 3*. Corn Rent in lieu of Tithes.

§§ 40, 41, *2. 44, 45, 46. Proviso inspecting Suits depending

* 9 between

5° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 4 — 9.

775

between the Rector, Vicar, Impropriator and Proprietors for Tithes, } 43. Power to Rector and Vicar to lease Allotments, § 47, 48.]

Cap. 4.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for confirming certain Sales and Purchases made by the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth in Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and to enable them to grant Building Leases of certain of their Estates, and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[17th May 1824.]

[14G.9. c, 51. as to making Leases repealed.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Estates of Inheritance devised by the Will of Robert Stone Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for selling or leasing the same, or any Part thereof, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long Crendon in the County of Buckingham.

[17th May 1824.]

[Allotment for Tithes and Apportionment thereof, §§ 22, 23. Fencing thereof, § 25. Proviso for Curate making Leases of

Allotments, § 34.]

Cap. 7

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands and Commonable Woods of and within the several Tithings of Pamber and Inhurst, in the respective Parishes of Pamber and Baughurst in the County of Southampton.

[17th May 1824.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for abolishing certain Vicarial Tithes and Easter Offerings within the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

[28th May 1824.]

[All Tithes mentioned in the Schedule, and all mixed and personal Tithes, to cease, $ 1.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Ulceby in the Wapentake of Yarborough in the County of Lincoln.

[28th May 1824.]

[Allotments for Tithes, § 22. Divided between Impropriator and Vicar, § § 23, 26. Proviso as to Moduses, $ 24. Allotments to

jr

Pr.C. 10 — 15.

5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1*24.

Impropriator and Vicar to be in lieu of all Tithes, Moduses, fyc, § 25. Proviso for Vicar leasing Allotments, § 27. Fencing Allotments, § 32.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Alveton otherwise Alton, and the Parish of Bradley in the Moont in the County of Stafford.

[28th May 1824.] j

[Separate Allotments for separate Tithes, § 46.]

Cap. 11.)

An Act for building a Chapel in the Eastern Parts of the Town

of Brighthelmston in the County of Sussex.

[3d June 1824] |

[Proviso for Right to Tithes, , fyc. c. of the Vicar of Brighton, § 11. — and for the Right of the Bishop of Chichester, § 12.

Cap. 12.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Bincombe in the County of Dorset.

[Sd June 1824.]

[Allotment to Rector for his Glebe, $fc. § 28. Power to Rector to lease Allotments, § 43.] |

Cop. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Ferriby, Swan-land, Kirk EUa, West Ella, and Wilier by, in the Parishes of Ferriby and Kirk EUa, in the County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

[3d June 1824.]

[Allotments for Tithes. Compensation in Land in lieu of Tithes of ancient Inclosures in Ferriby and Swahland, § 25. Rent Charge to Vicar and Clerk of kirk EUa, §§ 26, 27> 28. Tithes extinguished, § 29. Proprietors not having sufficient Land to make Compensation in Money, § 30. Fencing Allotments, § 31.

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Royal Town, Manor and Lordship of Sutton Cold fields and the Parish of Sutton Cold-field, in the County of JVarwick.

[3d June 1824.]

[Allotment to Rector for Right of Common in respect <f his Glebe,

§ 29. In lieu of Tithes in the Open Fields and Meadows, § SO.

On the Common, § 31. Allotments on Exoneration from Tithes, but payable till Possession delivered, { 32. Proviso for Tithes

of Sutton Park, § 33. Fencing Allotments, § 34. For ascertaining Rents to be paid in lieu of Tithes, §§ 61. 64. Rector , may lease Allotments, § 65.]

Cap. 15 *

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of High Abbotside, and in the Township of Lower Abbotside and Manor of Dalegrange, otherwise Lower Abbotside, in the Parish of Aitgarth in the County of York.

[9th June 1824.]

A.D. 1824. 5° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 16 — 21.

777

Cap. 16.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates situated in the County of Stirling which were entailed by Sir Archibald Edmonstone of Duntreath Baronet, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell Parts of the entailed Estates of George Earl of Galloway, situated in the Shire of fVigton and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for Payment and Satisfaction of certain Debts incurred by the said Earl prior to the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estates of Sir Thomas Smyth Baronet, situate in the County of Essex, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Proceeds thereof in the Purchase of Lands lying intermixed with other Estates in the said County, standing settled to the like Uses; and also for effectuating the Exchange of Part of such last mentioned Estates for certain Glebe Lands belonging to the United Rectories of Thoydon Mount and Staplejbrd Tavoney in the said County, and for other Purposes.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 19.

in Act for vesting the Estates of Colin Campbell, late of Kilm martine, in the County of Argyle, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof to be applied in Payment of his Debts remaining due; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands to be entailed in favour of the same Persons, and on the Conditions of the Deed of Entail executed by the said Colin Campbell.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 20.

, n Act to enable the Vicar, for the Time being, of the Parish and Parish Church of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 21.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the entailed Estate of Holmains, in the Sheriffdom of Dumfries, presently belonging to James Charles Macrae Esquire, of Holmains, as may be necessary for discharging the Debts and Burdens affecting the said Estate.

[17th June 1824.]

778 Pr. C. 22 — 25. 5° GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Cap. 22.

An Act for settling the Lands of Chilcarroch and others, in the Sheriffdom of Wigton, to and in favor of Sir William Maswll Baronet, and the Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail by Sir William Maxwell Baronet, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations in the said Deed, and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Drunmodie, in the said Sheriffdom, in certain Trustees nominated by the said Sir William Maxwell, deceased, for the Purposes of the Trust; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[17th June 1824]

Cap. 23.

An Act for uniting the Rectory of Clifton Maybank otherwise Clifton in the County of Dorset with the Vicarage of Bradford Abbas otherwise Bradford in the same County; and for an Exchange of Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Vicarage for Lands of the Most Honourable Henry William Marquess of Anglesey and the Right Honourable Henry Paget commonly called Earl of Uxbridge, his eldest Son, in the same Parish; and for apportioning the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish of Milborne Port; and for an Exchange between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and the said Marquess and Earl, of the Manor and Impropriate Rectory and Advowson of the Vicarage of Milborne Port in the County of Somerset, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Milborne Port, for the Manor of Sherborne Wuke, and divers Farmi and Lands and Impropriate Tithes in the Parishes of Sherborne, Bradford Abbas, and Thornford, in the County of Dorset, and for the Advowsons of the said Rectory of Clifton Maybank aril Vicarage of Bradford Abbas.

[17th June 1824.]

[Tithes of both Parishes vested in Vicar of united Parishes, § S. Tithes of Milborne Port to become parcel of Impropriate Rectory, and vested in Vicar (Exception) in lieu of all Tithes, § 12. Tithes of Cannon Court Farm extinguished, § 13.]

Cap. 24.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Eleanor Countess Grot-venor and the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Estates, devised by the Wills of the Right Honourable Thomas late Earl of Wilton, and the Right Honourable Eleanor late Countess of Wilton, both deceased, to make Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years, of certain Parti of the said Estates for building on or improving the same, under reserved Yearly Rents.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of the undivided Moiety oi certain Estates in the Parish of Audley in the County of Staf ford, settled by the Will of Catherine Toilet Widow, and now

5° GEO. IV.

Pr.C. 26 — 31.

770

in the Possession of Laurence Armitstead Esquire, for a certain other Estate in the County of Chester belonging to the said Lawrence Armitstead in Fee Simple, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 26.

An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan Baronet, with the Licence of Sir Charles Joshua Smith Baronet, or other the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement made on his Marriage with Dame Belinda his Wife, late Belinda Colebrooke, Spinster, to grant building Leases of certain Copyhold Lands held of the Manor of Stebbunheath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to Contracts entered into by the said Sir Charles Morgan; and to enable the said Sir Charles Joshua Smith9 and other Persons claiming under the said Settlement, to license the granting of Leases of other Copyhold Lands within the said Manor, for a longer Term of Years than authorized by the Custom of the said Manor.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 27.

An Act to give Powers of Sale over the Estates devised by the Will of Ambrose Proctor of Ware in the County of jHertford, Gentleman, deceased, for the Purpose of obtaining a more connected and convenient Estate, to be settled to the existing Uses of his Will; and of changing and appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 28.

An Act to commute, for a Corn Rent, certain Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 29.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanvi-hangel Generglyn and Llanganfelin in the County of Cardigan.

[17th June 1824.]

[53 G. 8. c. 71. Pr. repealed as to Power to try disputed Claims at Law.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate without Walmgate Bar, in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

[17th June 1824.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands and Waste Grounds, called the Town and undivided-Lands of Castle Island in the County of Kerry.

[17th June 1824.]

780

Pr. C 32 — 36.

5C GEO. IV. A.D. 1824.

Cap. 32.

An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty Lands in the Districts or Tithings of Potteme and Marston, within the Parish of Potteme in the County of Wilts, and for vesting Part of the said Lands situate in Potteme in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of that Part of the said Parish.

[17th June 1824.]

[Allotments to the Bishop of Salisbury and Vicar for the Use of the Poor, §§ 21, 22. Allotment to the Poor to be Tithe fret only so long as they shall be occupied by the Poor, § 23. had to be deducted from Allotment to the Bishop of Salisbury for Expences, § 27. Fencing Vicar's Allotment, § 43. Vicar may lease Allotment, § 43.]

Cap. 33.

An Act to enable the Devisees under the Will of Thomas James Warren, Lord Viscount Bulkeley, deceased, to grant building and repairing Leases of Parts of the devised Estates, and to establish and render valid and effectual a Term of Five hundred Years, limited or intended to have been limited by the said Will, for the Purposes thereby intended.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap 34.

An Act for enabling certain Estates in EngfLand of the Most Honourable Walter late Marquis of Ormonde, deceased, to be sold, and the Proceeds arising therefrom, after Payment of certain Charges and Incumbrances, to be applied in reduction of the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the Family and other Estates in Ireland, late of the said Marquis of Ormonde; and for enabling the said last mentioned Estates to be settled, subject to the unliquidated Charges and Incumbrances thereon, to the subsisting Uses and Powers of the Estates in England sold under the Authority of this Act, and with additional Provisions to be inserted in such Settlement.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. 35.

An Act to carry into complete Effect certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between John Lord Bishop of London since deceased, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir Frederick Treise Morshead Baronet, Sir John Morshead Baronet since deceased, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Selina Thistlethwayte since deceased, and the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction CanaL

[21st June 1824.]

[The King, in cases of Forfeiture, to hold Lands subject to the Agreement of the Canal Company. So as to Purchasers, (8.)

Cap. 36.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Keymer in the County of Sussex, and certain other Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by

5° GEO. IV.

Pr.C. 37 — 40.

781

the Will of James Cooke Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for authorizing the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Estates, holden of the said Manor for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and for laving out Part of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu of the settled Moiety of the said Manor, and other Hereditaments, and to the same Uses as that Moiety is settled.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. 37.

An Act for extending to other Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant building Leases and repairing Leases.

47G.s.o.i«8.

---

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. 38.

An Act to empower the Governors and Corporation of Etwall Hospital and Repton Free School, in the County of Derby, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity, and to make Sales, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Chester, devised by the Will of Nathaniel Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for authorizing the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[21st June 1824.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership called The Kent Life Assurance and Annuity Institution or Company, and for satisfying the Engagements entered into on Behalf of the same Institution, and dividing the Surplus of the Capital belonging to the same Institution, amongst the Holders of Shares of the same Capital.

[21st June 1824.]

[Index removed.]

